the author's judgement, he sees then with another person's eye, and when this is wanting, he will be quite deprived of his sight. I wave entering into any reflections on modern history, not only because it has no characteristic, and all our men exacly resemble each other; but because our historians, having no other view than to display their abilities, think only of dressing their portraits with the mot glaring colours; so that frequently they bear no resemblance to the real object *. The ancients, generally speaking, deal less in portraiture, and display less wit, but more good sense, in their reflecions: even among them, there is a very great difference; we should not pitch upon the most profound and judicious at first, but on the most simple . I would not recommend either Polybius or Sal luf to a young man. Tacitus is an author fit only for persons advanced in years; it was not his design that young people should undertand him. In reading the recital of human actions, we should learn to trace the outlines of the heart, before we attempt to found its depth : we mhould be perfectly acquainted with sacs, before we begin to read maxims . Philosophy reduced to maxims is the result of experience. Young people ought to form no general ideas ; their whole initrudion should consist of particular rules. * See Davila, Guicciardin, ' Strada, Solis, Machiavel, and sometimes Thuanus himself. Vertot is almost the only historian, who knows how to paint, without meddling with drawing por taits. Thu Thucydides is, in my opinion , the true model for historians. He relates the facts , without pafling any judgement on them; but he omits no particular cir cunftances, that may enable us to judge for ourselves. Whatever he relates is exhibited to our view ; instead of interposing his judgement upon every event, he frives to conceal himtllf; you do not imagine you are reading , but viewing the tranfaaion. Unlortu nately he speaks of nothing but war, and in moult of his narratives you meet with the subject , of all others, the least instructive, that of battles. Xenophon's retreat of the ten thousand, and Cefar's commentaries, have the same virtue, and the same vice. Honest Herodotus deals neither in charaters nor maxims ; he is flowing, simple , and full of details most capable of engaging the attention, and affording amusement to the reader; so that he would in all likelihood bear the palm of all other historians, if those very details did not sometimes degenerate into puerilities, more proper to vitiate, than to form the tate of a young person: in short , it requires some discernment to read him with profit. I say nothing of Livy; his turn is to come; but he is a politician, an orator, and everything unsuitable to this stage of life. History in general is a defective study , as it keeps only a register of remarkable facts , which may be ascertained by name, place, or date; but the slow progressive causes of those facts , being not so easy to assign, remain always concealed. We frequently find the gain or the loss of a battle mentioned as the cause of a revolution, which before that battle was become inevitable. War seldom does more than display events already determined by moral causes, which few historians are able to discover . The reflections of several writers of this century have been turned this way by the spirit of philosophy ; but I question whether truth has gained by 2 their their labours. Being all seized with a madness for system , they have no curiosity to view things as they really are, but as they agree with their principles . Add to all these refletions, that history is rather an exhibition of actions than of men, because it does not represent the latter, but in those chosen moments, when they appear in all their pomp; it shows only the public personage, who has placed himself in an attitude to be viewed . It does not follow him into his house, into his cabinet; it does not trace him in the midst of his family, or among his friends; it draws his picture only when he makes his public appearance; it represents his dress, rather than his peribn. I had much rather begin the itudy of the human heart, by reading the lives of particular persons; for there it is in vain for the man to endeavour to conceal himself. The biographer pursues him close; he does not allow him a moment's respite; no corner nor recess to secrete himself from the piercing eye of the ipe&ator; and when he imagines himself most concealed, it is then he is most exposed. They who write private lives, says Montagne, as they amtfe themselves rwre with cou; nfelj than eventj, and rather with domeljic than public tranfacficns, are more sir ny purpose; for which reason Iain Jb fond of Plutarch. I acknowledge that the genius of a multitude or a people is very different from the charater of a private man; and it would be forming a very imper sect idea of human nature , not to examine the inclinations of the multitude . But it is equally true, that we should begin with the study of man to judge of mankind ; and that whoever has a perfent knowledge of the inclinations of each individual, is able to foresee all their effets combined in the body of the people. Here must we likewise have recourse to the ancients, for the reasons abovementioned, and moreover, over, because as all low familiar details, though true and characderiftic, are inconfiltent with the dignity of modern historians, private lives are set off with as much decoration and disguise as public transactions. The laws of decorum, which are equally severe in writing and in action, do not permit us to say, what we are not allowed to do, in public; and as men are exhibited only as actors on this great stage, you can acquire no more knowledge of them