c ~ ( T: HE RULE of LIFE., A COLLECTION OF SELECT MORAL SENTENCES ,. Extrated from the greatest Authors , ANCIENT and MODERN, and digested under proper heads. CARES ullr COR R.ECTED: A D' R E F IS E D; B Y. P H I L O L OG O S; Know tkyfelf. DEL. ORAC. BE R'W IC K: - PRINTED by and for W. PHORSON; and B. LAW , AVE.MARIA LANE, LONDON. i783. PREFACE. T HE greatest ornament of the accomplished gentleman, is his perfea knowledge of things, and deep infpeaion into the principle charaters of men. He that aims at this knowledge , says the learned Gracian, mutf make a collection of all good thoughts in books ; of apothegms, or heroical ex. pressions, wife mens axioms and observations, sc. Now, the laying together there necessary materials as a foundation , is the work of the following sheets; but the fuperfiru&ure must be the Reader's part, and can only be perfeced by himself; that is, by application and pratice. Precepts , when contracted into sentences , strike the affections, and are more easily retained: And a few useful ones at hand, according to Seneca, do more towards a happy life, than whole volumes of cautions that we know not where to find. Of the variety of books of this nature that are published, few answer the design; and most of them are filled with low' and trivial matter, that affords little inftrustion or improvement. Yet as some good things are interspersed among them, these I have here transplanted, and acknowledge theft papers to be so far enriched by them. But the major partis extracted from the writings of the most eminent Philosophers, Divines, and Moralits, and other approved Authors , that have written in the fentntious way. My endeavour has been, to follow nature , and keep close to truth . What seemed to be abftrufc, is made clear; and what prolix, contraced in as few words as possible, not to lose their strength and beauty. It cannot be expected that every sentence should have the authority of a maxim . Stars dif ser in brightness: Yet those that shine the least, may have their influences. It was neither practicable, nor did I think is necessary to clog every line or sentence with citation; for what is good, will pand so, without any great name to firpport it. But as some are curious of knowing who speaks, as well as what is said, I have to feve.al paitages mentioned from whence they were taken. The whole is a pieture of human life, wherein. the pa ns, sallies, andfoibles of mankind are delineated, and expressed in their proper colours; virtue is set forth in the moll amiable light; and vice exposed in its natural deformity. A cormpendiumr of moral in/itutes and counsels, drawn from the best writers , will be always entertaining to ingenious minds. And to make the reading the more agreeable, the greatest part is digested under proper heads; the rest are miscellaneous: Every page containing such variety of useful refletions. as to yield at once both profit and pleasure. THE RULE OF LIFE. Of Education, Genius , Precept , and Exampie. THE great business of man is, to improve his mind and govern his manners. M. AUREL. The educator's care, above all things, should be, to lay in his charge the foundation of religion and virtue. WALKER, What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to ahuman soul. The philosopher, the saint, or the hero, the wife, the good, or the great man, very often lie hid and concealed in a plebeian; which a proper education might have disinterred, and brought to light. SPECTATOR. If we inquire after the cause that men grow every day more loose in their principles , and vicious in their pratices, it seems to be, that in the places of education of persons of all ranks, there is no book taught that has any relation to the sacred writings. BENSON. Parents are commonly more careful to be. A slow wit on their children than virtue; the art of speaking well, rather than doing well: But their morals ought to be their greatest concern. DR FULLER. That man must have a strange value for words , when he can think it worth while to hazard the innocencd and virtue of his son, for a little Greek and Latin; whilit he should be laying the solid foundations of knowledge in his mind, and furnifling it with just rules to direct his future progress in life. MR LOCKE. The subject of duties is the most useful part of all philosophy . CICERO. To be prudent, honest, and good, are infinitely higher accomplishments, than the being nice, florid, learned , or all that which the world calls great scholars and fine gentlemen. CHARRON. An industrious and virtuous education of children, is a better inheritance for them than a greateftate. Towhatpurpofeis it, said Crates, to heapup great estates, and have no concern what manner of heirs you leave them to? A faike step in the infritution, is as much, many times, as foul, body, and estate. are worth. SIR R. L'ESTRANGE. Acgelaus being asked what he thought rnoft proper for boys to learn ? answered, What they ought to do when they come to be men. Philosophy , says Seneca, is turned to philology, and that through the fault of both matters and scholars. They teach to dispute, not to live; and these come to them to mend their wits, not their manners. There is. in some tempers such a natural barrenness, that, like the sands of Arabia, they are never to be cultivated or improved. And Ibmewill never learn anything, because they underftandevery thing too soon. SIR T. P. BLOUNT. There is no such fop as my young master, who is a fool of his lady mother's making. She blows him up into a conceit ofhimfelf: And there he stops, without ever advancing one flep further. She makes a man of him at sixteen, and a boy all the days ofhislife after. SPECT.