his sovereignty, sovereignty, holiness, justice, goodness, and grace, in a manner worthy of himself, though at the same time admirably adapted to our weakness. The most laboured efforts of human genius are flat and languid, in comparison of those parts of the Bible which are designed to give us due apprehensions of the God with whom we have to do. Where shall we find sich instances of the true sublime , the great, the marvellous, the beautiful, the pathetic, as in the holy Scriptures? Again, the effets which it performs 'demonstrate it to be the word of God. With a powerful and penetrating energy, it alarms and pierces the conscience, discovers the thoughts and intents of the heart, convinces the most obstinate, and makes the moult careless tremble. With equal authority and efficacy, it speaks peace to the troubled mind, heals the wounded spirit, and can impart a joy unspeakable and full of glory, in the midst of the deepest diltrefs. It teaches, persuades, comforts, and reproves, with an authority that can neither be dilputtd nor evaded; and often communicates more light, motives, and influence, by a single sentence , to a plain unlettered believer, than he could derive from the voluminpos commentaries of the learned . In a word , it answers the character the apostle gives it: " It is able to " make us wise unto salvation; it is completely and " alone sufficient to make the man of God perfet, thoroughly furnished for every good work ." The doctrines , histories, prophecies, promises, precepts , exhortations, examples, and warnings, contained in the Bible, form a perfec WHOLE, a complete summary of the will of God concerning us, in which nothing is wanting, nothing is super. fluous. The second volume which deserves our study is the book of Creation. " The heavens declare the " glory of God, and the firmament iheweth his "handyo "' handy work : " nor can we cast our eyes anywhere, without meeting innumerable proofs of his wisdom, power, goodness, and pretence. God is revealed in the least as well as in the greatest of his works . The fun and the glowworm, the fabric of the universe , and each single blade of grass, are equally the effets of divine power. The lines of this book , though very beautiful and expressive in themselves, are not immediately legible by fallen man. The works of creation may be compared to a fair character in cypher, of which the Bible is the key; and without this key they cannot be understood. This book was always open to the Heathens; but they could not read it, nor discern the proofs of his eternal power and godhead which it alfords. " They became vain in their own ima" " and worshipped the creature more than " the Creator." The cafe is much the same at this day with many reputed wise, whose hearts are not subjected to the authority of the Bible. The study of the works of God, independent of his word , though dignified with the name ofphilofophy, is no better than an elaborate trifling and waste of time. It is to be feared none are more remote from the true knowledge of God, than many of those who value themselves most upon their supposed knowledge of his creatures. They may speak in general terms of his wisdom; but they live without him in the world ; and their philosophy cannot teach them either to love or serve, to fear or trust him.. They who know God in his word , may find both pleasure and profit in tracing his wisdom in his works , if their inquiries are kept within due bounds, and in a proper subservience to things of greater importance but they are comparatively few who have leisure, capacity, or opportunity for these inquiries. But the book of creation is designed for the inftrution of all believers. If, they are not qualified qualified to be astronomers or anatomists, yet fi-om a view of the heavens, the work of God's fingers, the moon and the stars, which he hath created, they learn to conceive of his condescension, power, and faithfulness. Though they are unacquainted with the theory of light and colours, they can see in the rainbow a token of God's covenant love. Perhaps they have no idea of the magnitude or distance of the fun; but it reminds them of Jesus the Sun of righteousness, the source of light and life to their souls. The Lord has established a wonderful analogy between the natural and the spiritual world . This is a secret only known to them that fear him; but they contemplate it with pleasure; and almost every object they see, when they are in a rightframe of mind, either leads their thoughts to Jesus, or tends to illustrate some scriptural truth or promise. This is the belt method of studying the book of Nature ; and for this purpose it is always open and plain to those who love the Bible, so that he who runs may read . The book of Providence is the third volume , by which those who fear the Lord are inftruted. This likewise is inextricable and unintelligible to the wisest of men who are not governed by the word of God. But when the principles of Scripture are admitted and understood, they throw a pleasing light upon the study of Divine Providence, and at the same time are confirmed and illustrated by it. What we read in the Bible, of the sovereignty, wisdom, power, omniscience, and omnipresence of God, of his overruling all events to the accomplishment of his counsels and the manifestation of his glory, of the care he maintains of his church and people, and of his attention to their prayers, is exemplified by the history of nations and families, and the daily occurrences of private life. life. The believer receives hourly and indubitable proofs that the. Lord reigns; that verily there is a God that judges the earth. Hence arises a solid confidence: he sees that his concerns