the more essential Point is not ' to choose the mols florid, but the moult accurate ' Writers , whether in sacred or profane Hiftroy, in that of our own, or of other Countries. And, to "prevent, as much as possible, all Confusion and For getfulnels, we should range and digest the Things we read into fame compendious Form, to make them more portable for the Memory. We should carefully mark down Times, Epochs, Centuries, Ages; tic Extent of Empires, Kingdoms, Commonwealths; their Progress, Revolutions, Changes and Declensions; the Number , Order and Qualities o ' the Princes, that have reigned over those States and K ingdoms, their Actions Military and Civil. A Man, I own, ought to have a happy Memory to retain all this; but a certain System which he may "form by his Judgement, will be a great Relief and "Assit, , to the Memory, and supply what is want. " in to its Perfection. From hence he takes a Turn into the deliihtful - Gardens of Poetry; not so much to exercie limit in the Art, as to gather up the Flowers and Beauties ofir. The reading of the Poets is not only an ex' ' Pleasure to the Mind, but 'tis moreover of if inite Advantage, and in some measure, if not a'o " foiutely, necessary. And though' a Gentleman be too prudent to make Poetry his Buinels or Proteffnon, "yet he has not so little of the Poet in him, but he can make a Copy of Verses upon Occasion. But let ' that be his northeast plus ultra. He reads all the true Poets, ' that is, a!! thoe that have excelled. Their Works are full of judicious Sentences , sublime Thoughts, noble Sentiments, elegant Turns, happy Expressions" " a Word , of a thousand deli : ate Strokes and Touches " of all Kinds, which form, elevate and embeilifli the " Underftaoding. But though' he esteems all the Masters " of the Art, and derives Benefit and Improvement " from them all, yet he has omen that are his peculiar ' Favourites, that he more particularly cherishes than "the rest. Such is Horace, for Example, or * Mar, " tial; the one is a constant, perse Model of true Wit, delicate Sense, elegant Choice, exquisite Taste, and Excellence in every Respect; the other is undoubtedly the mofr extraordinary, and will remain io, in the Art of cooking up a Thought with the · most poignant Seasoning and exquisite Relifl. "To Poetry he adds the other Parts of liberal, genteel " K; owlelgse, and so gathers up a Treasure of that ".areeab!e polite Learning , which gives Lustre and " Beauty to the most abstruse Sciences. "From this polite Learning he enters upon Philofoph',, and in the first Place upon Natural Philosophy . He fudies the firrf Principles of Things, the Struture of "the Universe , the Contexture of human Bodies, the " Properties of Beasts, the Virtues of Plants, and the " Qualities of Metals. But he dwells the longelf upon * Our Author was of Bilbilir, the Poet Alartial's Country. ," Ethics, Ethics, or Moral Philosophy , which is the proper Food of the Soul, and what perfefts her in all the Virtues and Qualifications of a Gentleman. This Science is to be collected chiefly out of the Sages and Pliloibphers, who have reduced it into Sentences , Axioms , Emblems, Satires and Fables. He grows enamoured of Seneca, Plato, the seven wile Men, epifsetus, Plutarch, without disdaining the amusing and inltruaive Afop. " He then applies himself to Cofinography of both Kinds; he learns to measure the Land and the Sea; to distinguish Climates, Latitudes, and the four Divisions ot the World ; the Provinces, Nations, King dons and Republics comprised therein. He finds a double Advantage in this Study ; the one is to knor all this, and the other is to be able to difiourfe upon it; that he may not be like a great many ignorant Persons, that scarce know the Climate they live in. He then acquires the Knowledge of the celestial Globes, which roll over our Heads; he obefrves their various Motions, numbers the Stars and Planets, and acquaints himself with their Influences and Effets. As to Astrology, he examines no farther into that, " than Wisdom allows. " All there Studies terminate in the constant reading the Holy Scriptures: For that is undoubtedly the moult profitable, the most comfortable, the moult agreeable and satisfactory Reading , both for the Sublimity and Variety of the Matter contained in the sacred Pages. King Alphonfo the Magnanimous, in all the Multiplicity of his important Affairs of Peace and War, found "Time to read the whole Bible fourteen Times over, together with Commentators and Expositors. " This is the Price, at which he purchased the glorious Appellation of a Complete Gentleman. Moral " Philofopis makes the hone/i Man; Natural Philosophy the ingenious Man; hi/ory the Man of Experience; " Poesy the Man of Wit; Rhetoric the eloquent : Man " polite Learning sheds a diffulive Grace and Ornament "upon all Kinds of Literature; the Knowledge es the '" World conllitutes the intelligent Man; the Study of "the J "the ficred Pages forms the good Man; but All thi; X must go together to make the perfect, complete G; n" " "Thefecond Part of Life he dedicates to the Con" " and Knowledge of the Living, and to enjoy "the greater Variety of that Pleasure, he travels into "different Nations and foreign Countries. This Inch" " to travelling is a great Happiness to him that "undertakes it for the Sake of Improvement, with "the Curiosity of getting a personal Information of "Things, provided he has a Capacity for that Purpose" " meets with some Fatigue indeed in seeking anl " earching; but then he finds infinite Pleasure and "Satisfacion in discovering and examining all the Cu "rioiities of the World , and in making his Uies and Improvements from them. What a Man does not f ee, he does not properly know, and