learning , and of fatal tendency to religion itself. The affair was brought before the parliament; and appeared of Lanoii, torn. so much consequence to Francis the Firif, that he would needs IV p. zc6. take it under his own immediate cognizance. The edia is still extant, which declares Ramus insolent, impudent and a liar., otlhof n',, His books are thereby for ever condemned, suppressed, abo lilied: and, what is a strain of unexampled severity, the miserable Author is solemnly interdicted from transcribing, even from reading his own compositions! WE might from hence be led to imagine, that when the authority of an ancient philosopher was held so sacred, philosophy itself must have been thoroughly understood, and cultivated with uncommon success; but the attachment of those Doctors was to a name, not to truth , or valuable science: and our Au .n,,,. A thor very justly compares them to the Olympic Wrefilers, who ptlegmls. abstained from necessary labours; that they might be fit for such as were not so. Under their management, it was a philosophy of words and notions , that seemed to exclude the study of nature ; that instead of inquiring into the properties of bodies, into the laws of motion by which all effeas are produced, was conversant only in logical definitions, ditinaions, and ab firactions, utterly barren and unproductive of any advantage to mankind . The great aim of those solemn triflers was rather to perplex a dispute than to clear up any point of useful disquisition; to triumph over an enemy, than to enlarge the knowledge , or better the morals of their followers. So that this captious philosophy was a real obstacle to all advances in sound learning , human and divine. After it had been adopted into the chrilian theology, far from being of use to explain and ascertain mysteries, it served to darken and render doubtful the most necessary truths ; by the chicanery of argumentation with which it supplied each fed, in defence of their peculiar and favourite illusions. To so extravagant a height did they carry their idolatry of arijfotle, that some of them discovered , or imagined they discovered in his writings, the dotrine of the Trinity; that others published formal dissertations to prove the certainty of his salvation, though a heathen: and that a Patriarch of 'enice is said to have called up the Devil expressly, in order to THE L IF EOS TH Iviil to learn from him the meaning of a hard word in arijqotle's asj, ar. physics. But the crafty Demon, who perhaps did not under Aara,. tfand it himself, answered in a voice so low and inarticulate, that the good Prelate knew not a word he said. This was the famous Hermolazs Barbaro: and the Greek word , that occasioned his taking so extraordinary a step is the Entelechia of the Peripatetics; from whence the schoolmen raised their substantial forms, and which Leibnitz, towards the end of the last century, attempted to revive in his Theory of motion. THE Reformation itself, that diffused a new light over Europe, that set men upon inquiring into errors and prepoffeflions of every kind, served only to confirm the dominion of this philosophy : protefrants as well as papifrs entrenching - themselves behind the authority of arifjotle, and defending their several tenets by the weapons with which he furnished them. This unnatural alliance of theology with the peripatetic doctrines rendered his opinions not only venerable but ficred: they were reckoned as the landmarks of both faith and reason , which to pull up or remove would be daring and impious. Innovations in philosophy , it was imagined, would gradually sap the very foundations of religion, and in the end, lead to downright atheism. If that veil of awful obscurity, which then covered the face of nature , should be once drawn; the rash curiosity of mankind would lead them to account for all appearances in the visible world , by second causes, by the powers of matter and mechanim : and thus they might come insensibly to forget or neglect the great original cause of all. This kind of reasoning convinced the multitude , over awed the wiser few , and effectually put a flop to the progress of useful knowledge . such, in general , were the dispositions of mankind when Sir Francis Bacon came into the world ; whom we will not confider as the founder of a new fed, but as the great assertor of human liberty; as one who rescued reason and truth from the slavery in which all feets alike had, till then, held them. As a plausible hypothesis, a shining theory, are more amusing to the imagination, and a shorter way to fame , than the patient and humble method of experimenting, of pursuing nature through all her labyrinths by and observation; a philosophy lixr sudden or general revolution in the learned world . But its progress, like that of time, quiet, slow and sure, has in the end been mighty and universal . He was not however the first among the moderns who ventured to dissent from 'aria/otle. Ramus, Patricius, Bruno, Severinus, to name no more, had already attacked the authority of that tyrant in learning , who had long reigned as absolutely over the opinions of men, as his refilefs pupil had of old affected to do over their persons. But these writers invented little that was valuable themselves, however jufily they might reprehend many things in him. And as to the real improvements made in some parts of natural knowledge before our author appeared, by Gilbert, Harvey, Copernicus?, Father Paul, and some few others, they are well known, and have been deservedly celebrated. Yet there was still wanting one great and comprehensive plan, that might embrace the almost infinite varieties of science, and guide our inquiries aright in all. This Sir Francis Bacon first conceived, in its utmost extent; to his own lasting honour, and to the general utility of mankind . If we stand surprised at the happy imagination of such a system , our surprise redoubles upon us when we reflect, that