midnight oil, a very small part knows that there ever existed such men as Berkeley or Hume; and that, if they knew, and could understand their works , they would prefer the opportunity of earning a penny, or enjoying a good dinner, to all the advantage that ever could be derived from a con vition that matter existed not, or that the old principles of morals were erroneous. But though this may be true of those doctrinal opinions , which are too abstracted for VOL. I. B b vulgar vulgar apprehension, yet it will be found, that there are speculative notions , which, as they require no great improvement of understanding to be comprehended, are adopted as axioms as soon as proposed, and permitted to influence the conduct of life. He who is a convert to materialism, a doctrine of late unhappily recommended by virtuous and well meaning writers , will certainly lose some restraints which operated favourably on his morals. It is true, the writer who thus gives it all the recommendation his subtlety can supply, though he speaks the dictates of conviction, is perhaps not apparently corrupted. But a reasonable cause may be assigned for his escaping the effec of the poison which he bears about him. He is probably a man of letters; leads a life remote from violent temptations; has acquired habits of virtue; and, perhaps, from the practice of reasoning and disputation, can maintain or explode opinions , which concern the most important interests of his fellow-creatures, with all the indifference of a by flander. But his opinions are plausibly supported; they are pleasing to the lover of novelty; they afford a fancied copfolation to the vicious, and they are read 5 .by by those who want a sanction for flagitious conduc, who wilh to be furnished with arguments to make proselytes to vice, and who are desirous of silencing the voice of conscience by the fallacies of sophistry. They are read by the young and the gay, as a system of philosophy newly discovered , which far fur passes the antiquated docrines of the received moralist, and as favourable to those ideas , which they gladly embrace, on the expediency or lawfulness of unlimited indulgence. That ridicule is an infallible criterion of truth , is an opinion , from its peculiar correspondence with the taste of the greater part of mankind , much more prevalent, and therefore more detrimental in the common intercourse of life. Men destitute of delicacy, and that solid merit which is usually accompanied with diffidence, often rise to the highest eminence, acquire the largest fortunes, fill the most important offices, and give law to the sentiments as well as pratice of others. 'I hefe, judging from themselves, have no adequate idea of the dignity of human nature , and the comparative perfecion of which it is capable. They perhaps have been uniformly vicious, B b 2 yet yet have had the temporal reward of virtue; they have been ignorant, yet have been admired for their wisdom; they have despised all the precepts of moral philosophy , and by dint of that effrontery which natural want of feeling inlpircs, have raised themselves to fame and fortune. Bold through the natural prclumption of ignorance, and still farther elated by success, by the flattery, by the attentions which are paid to the most undeserving prosperity, they learn to laugh at all the serious part of the world , who are defrauding their genius , as it is called, in the rigid servitude of a fanciful virtue. No wonder then that ridicule prevails in the lower orders ; for rank, fortune, and spirit, without the least portion of learning and philosophy , are at any time able to raise a multitude of admirers, and to eftablifll a fashion. When men, with very few other recommendations than the absence of modesty, become the leaders of a nation, a taste for RIDICULE, or, in other words , a malicious desire of levelling the exaltation of indigent virtue to the standard of worthless grandeur , will become general among all ranks. This taste, which tends to vilify all that that can adorn and ennoble a human creature, has been too common in every long eftabliihed and corrupted community. He muss have remarked but little, who has not seen its baneful influence in our own times and country. All the cardinal virtues, if the efforts of certain gross spirits could prevail, would be laughed out of countenance, and no semblance of them be left amongst us but the unsubstantial phantom, MODLRN HONOUR. Let us trace the progress of some ingenuous youth, emerging from an uncorrupted seminary to his station in the active world . In the retirements of study , he has formed advantageous ideas of that life, on which he is now to enter. His heart glows with virtuous and benevolent purposes. He has been reading of those legislators, heroes, philosophers, patriots, who shine with lustre in the page of history, and who derived all their splendour from their virtue. He longs to emulate them. He values himself little on his birth or fortune, if he has them, but owns he feels a conscious dignity arising from his acquirements, his learning , his comprehensive views , his liberal and difinterefed intentions. He B b 3 loves loves fame , and hopes to obtain by deserving it. Thus principled , suppose him introduced, where his fortune leads him, among some of the ancient nobles of the land; the hereditary or the elected lawgivers of his country, assembled at their usual places of retort, a cockpit, a horfe race, a chocolate houfe, or a watering-place. He is struck dumb with astonishment. He finds lie has hitherto dwelled on fairy ground, where all was enchantment. The fancied scene is vanished. He feels himself awkward. His accompliflments are either not understood, not valued, or have no opportunities of display. At first he is coldly neglected; and, at last, when personal acquaintance has taken place, he is considered as a novice, greatly to be pitied for his simplicity, but who may improve in time. Some kind