his virtues: I can never sufficiently applaud his zeal in the cause of religion: but some of his reasonings on the subjet of human nature I cannot admit, without renouncing my claim to rationali ty. there is a writer now alive, of whole philosophy I have much to say. By his philosophy , I mean the sentiments he has published in a book called, A Treatise of Human Nature , in three volumes , printed in the year 1739; the principal doctrines of which he has since republished again and again, under the title of, ej/ays Moral and Political, cof his other works I say nothing; nor have I at present any concern with them. Virgil is said to have been a bad profe writer ; Cicero was certainly a bad poet: and this author , though his philosophy of human nature be in many things exceedingly reprehensible, may yet be a profound politician, and a learned , elegant, and accurate historian. His high merit in these characers is indeed generally allowed: and if my suffrage could add anything to the lustre of his reputation, I should here, with great sincerity and pleasure, join my voice to that of the public, and make such an encomium on the author of the hifjory of England as would not offend any of his rational admirers. But why is this author's character so replete with inconsistency! why should his principles and his talents extort at once our esteem and detestation, our applause and contempt! That he, whose manners in private life are said to be so agreeable, should yet, in the public capacity of an author , have given so much cause of just offence to all the friends of of virtue and mankind , is to me matter of astonishment and sorrow, as well as of indignation. That he, who Iucceeds so well in describing the fates of nations, should yet have failed so egregiously in explaining the operations of the mind, is one of those incongruities in human genius , for which perhaps philosophy will never be able fully to account. That he, who has so impartially stated the opposite pleas and principles of our political faetions, should yet have adopted the most illiberal prejudices against natural and revealed religion: that he, who on many occasions has displayed a profound erudition, should sometimes, when intoxicated with a favourite theory, have suffered affirmations to escape him, which men of no great learning might perceive to be ill-founded: and, finally, that a moral philosopher, who seems to have exerted his utmost ingenuity in searching after paradoxes, should yet happen to light on none but iuch as are on the fide of licentiousness and scepticism : there are inconsistencies equally inexplicable. And yet, that this author is chargeable with all these inconsistencies, will not, I think, be denied by any person of sense and candour, who has read his writings with attention. His philosophy has done great harm. Its admirers, I know, are numerous; but I have not as yet met with one person, who both admired and understood it. We are prone to believe what we wish to be true: and most of this author's philosophical tenets are so well adapted to what I fear I may call the fashionable notions of the times, that those who are ambitious to conform to the latter, will hardly be disposed to examine scrupulously the evidence dence of the former. having made this declaration, which I do in the spirit of an honest man, I mul. take the liberty to treat this author with that plainness, which the cause of truth , and the interests of society, seem to me to require. The same candour that prompts me to praise, will also oblige me to blame. The inconsistency is not in me, but in him. Had I done but half as much as he, in labouring to subvert principles which ought ever to be had sacred, I know not whether the friends of truth would have granted me any indulgence; I am sure they ought not. If it shall be acknowledged by the candid and intelligent reader, that I have in this book contributed something to the establishment of old truths , I thall not be much offended, though others should pretend to discover , that I have advanced nothing new. Indeed I would not wish to say anything on these fubjeets, that has not oftenoccurredto therational partofmankind. In Logic and Ethics, we may have new treatises, and new theories; but we are not now to expect new discoveries. The principles of moral duty have long been underitood in these enlightened parts of the world ; and mankind , in the time that is pals, have had more truth under their consideration, than they will probably have in the time to come. Yet he who makes these sciences the study of his life, may perhaps collec particulars concerning their evidence, which, though known to a few , are unknown to many; may set tome principles in a more striking light than that in which they have been formerly viewed ; may devise methods of confuting new errors, and exposing new paradoxes; and may hit upon a C more more popular way of displaying what has hitherto been exhibited in too dark and mysterious a form. It is commonly allowed, that the science of human nature is of all'human sciences the most curious and ifiportant. To know ourselves, is a precept which the wife in all ages have recommended, and which is enjoined by the authority of revelation itself. 'Can anything be of more consequence to man, than to know what is his duty, and how he may arrive at happines? It is 'from the examination of his own heart, that he receives the first intimations of the one, and the only sure criterion of the other. what can be more useful, more delightful, and more sublime , than to contemplate the Deity? It is in the works of nature , particularly in the constitution of the human soul, that we discern the first and