fortune and reputation of Arillotle's philosophy . To pass over the intermediate changes, J will just mention two, that make a full and ridiculous contrast. In tha abovementioned council held at Paris about the year 1209, the bishops there censured his writings, without discrimination, as the pestilent sources of error and heresy; condemned ttiem to the flames, and commanded all persons, on pain of excommunication, not to read , transcribe, or keep any copies of them. They went wvent farther, and delivered over to the secular arm no less than ten persons, who were burned alive for certain tenets , drawn, as those learned prelates had heard, from the pernicious books in question. Those very books , in the sixteenth century, were not only read with impunity, but everywhere taught with applause; and whoever disputed their orthodoxy, I had almost said their infallibility, was persecuted as an infidel and miscreant. Of this the sophister Ramus is a memorable inffance. Certain animadversions of his, on the peripatetic philosophy , occasioned a general commotion in the learned world . The university of Paris took the alarm hotly, and cried out against this attempt as deltructive of all good learning , and of fatal tendency to religion itself. The affair was brought before the parliament, and appeared of so much consequence to Francis the First, that he would needs take it under his own immediate cognizance. The edict is fill extant, which declares Ramus insolent, impudent, and a liar. His books are thereby for ever condemned and abolifned: and, what is a firain of unexampled severity, the miserable author is solemnly interdited from tra scribing, even from reading his own compositions.! We might from hence be led to imagine, that when the authority of an ancient philosopher was held so sacred, philosophy itself must have been thoroughly understood, and cultivated with uncommon success. But the attachment of those doctors doors was to, a name, not to, truth or valuable science: and they have been very justly compared to the Olympic wrestlers, who; abstained from necessary labours, that they might be fit for such as were not so. Under their management, it was a philosophy of words and notions , that seemed to exclude the study of nature ; that, instead of inquiring into the properties of bodies, into the laws of motion, by which all effects are produced, was conversant only in logical definitions, diltinc tions, and abftra&ions utterly barren and unpro dutive of any advantage to mankind . · The great aim of these solemn triflers was rather to perplex a dispute than to clear up any point of useful disquisition; to triumph over an enemy, than to enlarge the knowledge , or better the morals of their followers. So that this captious philosophy was a real obstacle to all advances in sound learning , human and divine. After it had been adopted into the Christian theology, far from being of use to explain and ascertain mysteries, it served only to darken and render doubtful the moll necessary truths , by the chicanery of argumentation: with which it supplied each fein defence of their peculiar and favourite illusions. To so extravagant a height did they carry their idolatry of Aristotle, that some of them discovered , or imagined they discovered , in his writings, the doctrine of the Trinity; that others publified formal dissertations to prove the certainty of his falvaticn, though though a heathen: and that a patriarch of Venlce is said to have called up the devil expressly; in order to learn from him the meaning of ahard word in Arifiotle's physics. But the crafty demon, who perhaps did not understand it himself, answered in a voice so low and intricate, that the good prelate knew not a word he said. This was the famous Hermalaus Barbaro. The Greek word , that occasioned his taking so extraordinary a step, is the Entelechia of the Peripatetics, from whence the schoolmen raised their substantial forms; and which Leibnitz, towards the end of the last century, attempted to revive in his Theory of Motion. The Reformation itself, that diffused a new light over Europe, that set men upon inquiring into errors and prepossessions of every kind, served only to confirm the dominion of this philosophy : Protestants as well as Papists entrenching themselves behind the authority of Aristotle, and defending their several tenets by the weapons with which he furnished them. This unnatural alliance, of theology with the peripatetic doarines, rendered his opinions not only venerable but Ta cred: they were reckoned as the landmarks of both faith and reason , which to pull or remove would be daring and impious. Innovations in philosophy , it was imagined, would gradually sap the very foundations of religion, and in the end lead to down right atheism. If that veil of awful obscurity, obflcurity, which then covered the face of nature , should be once drawn, the rash curiosity of man -- kind would lead them to account for all appearances in the visible world , by second causes, by the powers of matter and mechanim : and thus they might come insensibly to forget or neglect the great original Cause of all. This kind of reasoning convinced the multitude , over awed the wiser few ,, and effectually. put a stop to the progress of ufefu! knowledge . Such, in general , were the dispositions of mankind when Sir Francis Bacon came into the world ; whom we will now confider as the founder of aa new fe, but as the great afrerter of human liberty against them all; as one who rescued reason and truth from the slavery in which they had been held till then by each fest alike. A plausible hypothesis, a shining theory, are more amusing to. the imagination, and a (horter way to fame , than the patient and humble method of experimenting, of pursuing nature through all her labyrinths by fact and observation;. no wonder , therefore, that a philosophy , built on this principle , could not, at firfm, make any. sudden or gener : a revolution in the learned world . But its progress, like that of time;