of the evangelical scheme. Yet the last injuntion of the Decalogue was liable to be fettered by a partial interpretation, and made subservient to the contracted views of local prejudice. Thou shalt not covet the poffeions of thy neigbour, might literally be understood as a prohibition of such desires only, as were fixed upon the property of persons in the same vicinity. That the Jews were disposed to confider this duty as confined to so narrow a circle, seems probable, not only from the general aversion which which they discovered against all other nations; but likewise from the question proposed by the inquisitive scribe. Our Lord with his accustomed readiness to instruct, and his peculiar felicity to illustrate, represented the sensibility aud the benevolence of the good Samaritan. This interesting picture was admirably adapted to awaken the torpid feelings of a bigoted Jew, and to display to him that sublime scheme of universal affecion, in which he was to extend his views of charity beyond his native country, and to confider himself as the general friend of mankind . The superiority of the gospel over the Mo faical law , appears more fully by considering that the commandments of the latter, are, for the most part, negative; containing rather prohibitions of sin, than incitements to goodness. Whilst the disciple of Moses, adhering to his own principles , advances only the first flep in the path of morality; the disciple of Christ leaves him far behind, adds to his innocence much positive excellence, and adorns his character with every virtue. So far from merely not invading the possessions of another man, he reaches out his liberal hand to mi nifer to his necessities: so far from merely not retaliating injuries received, he stands ready ready to embrace his enemy in the arms of affection, and breathes a fervent supplication to heaven, for his temporal and eternal happiness. The philosophers of Greece and Rome present us with the most convincing proof, how far unenlightened reason carried her investigations towards the perfection of ethics. The powers of intellec which they displayed, and the obstacles which they surmounted, before they discovered many valuable truths , are not fairly estimated, when viewed through the medium of the christian revelation. Their attainments ought to be compared with the ignorance of the multitudes that surrounded, and that preceded them. Then will they appear mofi wonderful efforts of the human mind. Then will they become the bright dawn of the intellectual morning which shone more and more unto the perfect day. If moral wisdom descended from heaven to dwell with the most enlightened Sage of ATHENS, fie quickly caught the contagion of earthly depravity, and forgot her dignity so far as to bend at the flrine of superstition. Her dictates were not built upon any certain foundation , or digested in a confitent plan. They They were disgraced with false notions , intermixed with frivolous refinements , and scattered among discordant seats. The indissoluble union of consistency, the powerful attraction of example, and the strong and awakening voice of authority were wanted to give to precept the energy of law . But the most material obstacle to a ready compliance with their inflrutions was the want of such fantions as hold the mind in the most permanent sub jetion, by immediately addressing its hopes and fears. These defets were diftintly visible to the ancients themselves. Ariftodomus de. dared to Socrates that he would willingly worship the Gods, whenever their embaf fadours descended to inform him what to perform and what to avoid. The enlightened philosopher himself observed, on contemplating the insufficiency of natural reason to reform the world , that the labours of moralists must be vain and ineffectual, unless the Supreme Being would commission some teacher to inftrua mankind . The great Roman orator also, expressed an ardent wish for the discovery of a new demonitration to prove that virtue alone was sufficient for happiness. This general dissatisfaction clearly evinces the necessity necessity of a divine revelation, and may be considered as the voice of philosophy complaining of her own defecs, and imploring the Supreme Being to point out the path of duty to her impatient and bewildered followers. By the gospel, therefore, were supplied the deficiencies of all preceding institutions and systems . The Mofaical code was as far excelled by the religion of Chriit, as the tabernacle of the wilderness was surpassed by the magnificence of the temple of Solomon. The maxims of ancient wisdom were not only refined and enlarged, but established upon a true principle , and made conducive to an exalted end. The scattered and feeble stars of philosophy which were visible during the night of ignorance, were obscured by the diffusive effulgence of the evangelical fun. To complete the benevolent plan of revelation, the same volume which was filled with the most pure lessons of wisdom, contained likewise the most perfet exemplification of them. The adorable Son of God condescended to recommend his own inftrucion by his own practice, and to exhibit that lively image of I moral moral perfeaion which had, indeed, sublimed the imagination of Plato and of Cicero; but which, ancient experience in the widest circle of observation, had sought for in vain. The divine teacher not only spake, as man never spoke, but at once to combine the efficacy of example with the perfection of precept , became the unerring guide to all that was pious, all that was amiable, and all that was great. If the Pagans were dazzled with the lustre of his conduct, and saw him soar to an elevation which mere humanity cannot reach; they were convinced that it was practicable in some degree to follow his steps when they direted their attention to the early converts, who were no less zealous in their professions of fidelity to his commands, than instrumental to his glory by their actions. The basis of the primitive virtues was a steadfast and lively Faith, which consisted in a perfec conviction of the truth of christianity, preceded by a careful examination