be the natural dicates of the human understanding, or what it brings to light by the use of its own powers. Others, again, form a system in their own minds,. by by the united aid of natural and revealed religion; .and then setting themselves to determine, what they owe to the one, and what to the other, they impute everything which they can deduce, by probable arguments from first principles , to the teaching of nature ; and refer to revelation those truths alone, which do not easily admit of this deduction. This appears to be the cafe with some of those writers who have favoured the world with discourses on natural and revealed religion; and with some too, who have assumed the pompous title of demonstration. They have sat down with all the opinions in their minds, of which they intended to give the detail; and, instead of marking out the progress of their ideas , and directing to the true sources of their knowledge , they have represented those truths , as branches of natural religion, which most probably owe their original to divine revelation; or, at least, they have given no certain criterion, by which to separate the one from the other. If If we inquire into the slate of opinions on moral and religious fubjeas, in those countries which have not enjoyed the light of revealed truth , we (hall perceive that they flood in great need of farther infirution; and wanted more precise ideas of the rule of life, and more effectual motives to observe it, than their own reasonings afforded. Whether this was owing to the peculiar difficulty of the subject to persons in their situation, or to their not making a proper use of the lights which they had, I shall not take upon me to determine. I am far, however, from denying the reality of natural religion. It is, on the contrary, essential to the very being of religion, that certain docrines be established in our minds, previous to the study of divine revelation; and those who acknowledge no natural truths , if they are not the secret enemies of such as are revealed, cannot be allowed to be the wisest and most confidfent defenders of them. Who, for instance, can with any propriety propriety speak of a revelation from God, unless he have some previous knowledge of God? What notions can he have of a power to violate or control the laws of nature , and thereby to prove the extraordinary interposition of heaven, who does not acknowledge a regular orderly course, which falls under the direction of the Supreme Intelligence ? Or how can he confider the testimony of God, as giving undoubted certainty to any scheme of opinions , who is not first convinced of the divine knowledge and veracity? I will not scruple, therefore, to advise such as are training up for the office of preachers, to inquire into the truths of religion in the usual method; and to begin with taking a view of the principles of natural , and thence to proceed to those of revealed religion * those, who with to improve their notions on this subjea, one may recommend Priefley's Inffitutes of Natural Religion, the first part of his letters to a philosophical unbeliever, and above all, the first thirteen propositions in the second volume of Hartley on Man. J. H. § II The § II The works of God lie open to our inspection; and, by their grandeur and beauty, invite us to confider them. They contain such a variety of particulars, and so constantly present us with something new and surprising, that the most minute inquiries are only the more pleasing, the further they are pursued. No other study is so well adapted to elevate our minds, and to give us the most sublime conceptions. But its truest, best use, is to fur nifl to our view the most itriking proofs of the power, wisdom, and goodness of the Creator of all. This goodly frame should engage the attention of every man, as far as his leisure and abilities serve. Above all others he, whose business it is to impart religious inftrutions, should be careful to enrich his mind with the notions which such researches will give. It is a small portion only of the works or nature , which falls under the notice of man. man. There is not any part, of which he can have a full comprehension . But wherever he turns his eyes, he will see the plainest marks of a presiding intelligence , and of the most wise and benevolent purposes. Appearances of evil, it is true, as well as of good, will rise up before his sight, in the progress of his inquiries; but it will not, be difficult for him to determine which is the character of the workmanship. those things which, on the first view , appear to be marks of imperfetion, and prefuimptions against a prevailing, good design, a .more careful examination will discover to be real perfections, and instances of..the: good order , of which a general view of the whole will easily convince the candid inquirer. An acquaintance with the works of the ancients, will supply a long list of supposed faults in the constitution and government of the universe : but it is remarkable, that the more accurate inquiries, and the more enlarged knowledge of succeeding ages, have discovered the propriety of what had been before cony demned; demned; and found out very great advantages in the very things, which had been pitched upon as instances of a doubtful or evil design. This should teach us to be very cautious, how we censure Nature and Providence; and will afford a fair presumption, that all improvements in natural knowledge will strengthen the evidence for religion, and produce a growing conviction, that the general happiness isr the design and end of the whole, and of every part. The manner of studying this useful science will be different, as the situation and talents of those who are engaged in it