it was conducted, and the result which it produced. There is a strong probability that children would learn the most striking and important facts of nature , and the common and first principles of science, with more pleasure, readiness, and advantage, than they, in general , learn the grammars and words of Greece 29 and Rome. Secondly, the early study of philosophy would be productive of all the good effects, which can possibly proceed from the present plan of education; while it would be free from all the disadvantages. The memory would be strengthened: while, at the same time, the judgement would be rendered solid, and the apprehension quick. A child would not be able to walk abroad, without perceiving in the works of nature and art, the facts and principles illustrated, which he was learning at school. Whereas books alone can increase or confirm the knowledge of the classical scholar. Lastly, it may be observed, that few children make any great advances in the ancient languages; that even those who do, generally omit the study of them, when they are settled in life; and that the greatest additions to human knowledge and happiness have been made by proficients in natural or moral philosophy . If there be any reason for the present mode of education, it must be one of the following: that the most useful knowledge is gained by studying the classics in their original languages; this we have already proved to be weak and insufficient: that the languages of Greece and Rome afford much amusement and pleasure; allowing the truth of this assertion, studies , which merely supply amusement, ought not to occupy the time and place of important and useful science: that the years de vpted to the classics cannot be otherwise em 30 ployed; the contrary appears probable; children would remember facts with more ease and pleasure than dry words : or, lastly, that, even after several years have been spent in reading the Greek and Roman authors , sufficient time remains for the obtainment of every necessary branch of knowledge ; this is not the fact ; every person will be useful, independent, and happy, in proportion to the extent and accuracy of his knowledge : but might it not be retorted upon those, who urge this argument, that, aster the elements of the sciences have been taught, sufficient time would remain for the neces cay study of the classics? -- The bad effects which, generally , result from the present system of education are the following: an overgrown memory, and a weak and puny judgement: a blind and bigoted attachment to authorities , names, and antiquity: disputes merely verbal: and, consequently, the continuance of error and prejudice. If we farther consider what discoveries and improvements might have been made, if the time and talents of the principal classical scholars had been devoted to science, we shall, from strong conviction, and the ardent love of truth and happiness, endeavour to dispel the mist of prejudice, through which the utility of classical literature has, generally , been viewed . It would be deviating too far from the professed and immediate object of this essay, to give a regular and systematic plan of education, in which every branch of knowledge , grammatical, natural , 31 and moral, should have its appropriate and just rank. It would be no difficult task to fill up the years, which are now wasted in Greek and Latin. I shall mention some of the sciences, from which much useful knowledge may be gained: which, while they instruct, will also amuse: which present facts , that will afford an agreeable relaxation to the mind, after it has been examining into their principles , and discovering their laws . let the principles of mechanics be laid down and explained. Let them be applied to the formation and uses of instruments, generally necessary. Then we shall no longer implicitly trust to the skill or honesty of a workman, in their structure or repair. Chemistry presents her stores of knowledge : she offers assistance to every art: she harmonises and simplifies nature : she courts the admiration and the study of all, for whom novelty has any charms. in order that we may be able to mention, in the languages of antiquity, the several parts of our bodies, shall we employ that time, which might have rendered us familiar with the instructive and useful wonders of anatomy Shall the modern writers , and the modern improvements in medicine, be neglected or unknown, that we may read with critical skill the works of Hippocrates orcel sus Are the elements of geometry even yet so imperfectly understood, that, where any doubts arise, we must compare the manuscripts, and settle the original text of Euclid In addition to nat 32 ural philosophy in all its branches, and to anatomy and medicine, let natural history, not less instructive or pleasing, though less generally useful, be studied . Let children no longer gain their knowledge of morality from detached precepts , or from incidental and unconnected remarks. Let their duty no longer rest on the undermined and tottering basis of authority . Let their virtuous actions no longer proceed from the brute sympathy of unenlightening example. But let morality be taught regularly and systematically. Let their good habits be the result of firm conviction. Let the foresight and grasp of their minds enable them to hold in habitual contemplation the remote consequences of every principle of conduct. Let them be rendered capable of tracing to the axioms of the moral science every proposition to which they assent, and every maxim on which they act. to accelerate and ensure the attainment of these important ends, let the human mind be studied : let the progress of intellect be marked: let these grand truths be rooted in the memory, that man is the necessary creature of original formation and external circumstances; that the laws of the intellectual and moral world are as fixed and regular as those of the natural ; that, therefore, knowledge alone is necessary to render the actions of intelligent beings as certainly subservient to