have preceded any systematic account of morality. Each of the seven sages, as they were called, had his favourite maxims ", which he engraved in temples and other places of public resort; but at this distance of time it is impolfible, amidst the differences of authors , to discover what belongs to each; nor is the search important, since all their maxims or proverbs, whatever efforts of generalisation they might cost their inventors., now appear extremely simple and familiar. These refpecable fathers of Grecian philosophy , who silently diffused light through the gloom of a barbarous age, are said to have maintained a correspondence " with each other, as well as with Solon of Athens, Chilon of Sparta, and Periander of Corinth; men who, in imitation of their eastern brethren, chiefly cultivated such practical know. ledge as qualified them to be the legislators, magistrates, and generals of their respective countries. Thales the Milesian, alone, quitted the ordi The dirco. nary pursuits of civil and military renown; and veries of although he composed verses, promulgated moral Alilef' anh sentences , and, on some particular emergencies, gave seasonable advice to his countrymen, yet he established his fame on a basis more broad and ': See the Sentences of Theognis, which are evidently a collection, not the work fa one man. 'Ariltot. Rhet. II r. Stobh ss, Sertn. p. 44, etc. '" I'lut. Syrv p. S 4 C 1i A P. permanent than the fluctuating interests of perish xiil. ing communities. /ilany of the elementary propositions of geometry, afterwards collected bvy.u cid, were first discovered '` by Thales, who di. reeled the acuteness of his mind with equal fucccfs to afironomy. He divided the heavens into five zones; discovered the equinoxes and folflices; remarked the Urfa Ilinlor; observed, and nearly predicted, eclipses. The division of the ecar into three hundied and fixty five daivs was already known to the Egyptians; but althotigh Thales might borrow this, and perhaps other discoveries, from that ancient people, among whom he sometime resided, it appears, even from those authors who are ever prone to exaggerate the wisdom of Egypt, that he owed much less to that country, than to the native sagacity and penetration of his clear comprehensive mind '. Bis school Thales founded the Ionic school, in which he and ruc 'For, was ficceeded by Anaximander and Anaximenes, who were followed by Anaxagolas, the infirudor of Pericles, and Archclaus, who is called by ancient writers the master of Socrates. About fifty years after Thales, the same speculations which he had introduced were purfied by Xenophanes of Colophon, Leucippus and Paimenidics of llei, and Heraclitus of Ephefu,. 'These ingenious men discovered many useful truths ; ie all of them, not '"rocl.s in Eu, lid. i h!ercr.: m. arud Lacrt. 1. i. e. XXVII Plin. 1. XXXVIII C XVII excepting Thales himself, likewise bufred theme 11 A r. selves with subjects that will for ever excite and XIII elude human curiosity . T heir docrines were equally liable to objection, whichever of the elements they aniumed as the iirlt principle of nature ; they universally agreed in al'eltning the fallacy of tle senses, and the unworthiness of the vulgar fupeiftition; but their various opinions concerning the origin and (leftruction of worlds , the magnitudes and distances of heavenly bodies, the elfence of matter and spirit 4", deserve only to be conii dered as the dreams of inquisitive men, whose ambition of knowledge carried them beyond the sphere ol experience, and the clear deductions of reason , 'The system of Leucippus, the most famous of degenerate into athe them all, was improved by Democritus of Ab irm. dera ', and afterwards adopted by 1lpicurus, whose philosophy is sufficiently explained in the extraordinary work of Lucretius, the boldest monument which the world is ever likely.to behold, of learning , genius , and ilmpiety. But it is particularly worthy of observation, that The rsb at the same time Democritus allailed the celestial l""iphi ]orophy of m.miion;, and unveiled, witi a daring hand, the i\naxgo feeble maiefty of Grecian fuperiittion, Anaxagoras ras of Clamzomenl revealed a new and infnitelv more augull spectacle, by first announcing to the heathen world (, a felf exiflent, all perfet mind, as the great 47 See diiocn. l.aerr. 1. i. Arillot. lmetaph. pailim. et Plut. de pit. l'hilor.fti1. "Lamrt. 1. IX Arifot. Phyic. 1. vii. C H A P. cause and author of the material world . Thales XIIL and Pythagoras, with such of their disciples as faithfully adhered to their tenets , had indeed ad. mitted spirit as a constituent principle of the universe ; but they had so intimately blended mind and matter, that these dissimilar substances seemed to make an indissoluble compound, as the soul and body constitute but one man. According to Anaxagoras, on the other hand, the creating and sovereign intelligence was to be carefully distinguished from the soul of the world , which he seems to have regarded merely as a poetical expreflfon for the laws which the Deity had impressed on his works . The great Ruler of the universe did not animate, but impel matter; he could not be included within its limited and perifling terms; his nature was pure and spiritual, and totally incapable of pollution by any corporeal admixture". The difcoveryand diffusion of this luminous and sublime principle , which was naturally followed by an investigation of the moral attributes of the Deity, and the deducing from thence the great duties of morality, might have produced a general and happy revolution in Greece, under the zealous and persevering labours of Socrates 'and his followers, if the tendence of this divine philosophy had not been counteracted, not only by the gross prejudices of the vulgar, but by the more dangerous refinements of incredulous Sophists. 'Ariltot., Mlcty hyt. I. i. C III Plato in Cratylo, et Plut. in Pericle. The same spirit of inquiry, which leads to the C H A P. discovery of truth , will ever promote the propaga xnl. tion of error; and unfortunately for Greece, in the its tendency coun middle of the