to the investigation of Rules. For as their works were the effects of accurate and deep researches into Nature , and her apparent or concealed beauties; it was but to inquire, and investigate on what principles they proceeded, and how they completed their works , and then the Principles and Rules of the Art were discovered . Thus then it is inconteftibly proved, that NATURE is the great principle in all works whatever of ART. And that whatever in any work is unnatural, cannot be good or GREAT, EXCELLENT or FAIR. And this principle , when the nature , quality, and characters of the things to which it is applied, are perfectly understood, is the great comprehensive CANON of true CRITICISM. These principles apply equally to intellectual Science; and it is here that Genius chiefly exercises itself. The objects here are infinite , the profpecs boundlefs but let us desist, nor travel into Regions we are only to describe. It may not be improper just to observe, that when the principles above mentioned are applied to the Poetic Art, in describing the works of Nature , they constitute the beauty of DESCRIPTIVE poetry when to individual Charaters, and peculiar Manners, they constitute the chief beauty of smaller pieces [ 44] pieces of WIT, or that of the more enlarged sort, which from it's variety , not as is generally conceived,. peculiar nature , is justly called SATYR. When Manners in general are the subject , or the whole of any art or science is taught, this is properly ETHICAL or DIDACTIC POETRY. When the former are diversified, and represented by suitable persons, the DRAMA presents itself: And when drawn out into a continued series of Action, and a variety of Characters are introduced, the greatest work of human Genius appears, THE efic. As the Author has used in the following Poem the word FORMS in a peculiar as well as extensive sense, he hopes he shall be excused in making the following Observations. The Ancients used the words MATTER and FORM, in a much more extensive and exalted sense than we generally do. The former was not only applied to things material and corporeal, but also to things immaterial and incorporeal: And in this sense applied to the human Mind, and it's Operations; or rather to the effects of the exercise of it's powers, though they held the Mind itself incorporeal. According to this Philosophy of the Ancients, Objects of Nature , or of Art, are the external material FORMS. The ideas excited by these in the Mind, are the internal imma [ 45 ] immaterial FORMS. Now as all external material FORMS imply internal and immaterial FORMS, as they necessarily suppose some Agent or Artist, and Agent and Artist implying Mind, and Design; they held that all sensible external FORMS necessarily implied the actual existence of internal and imoma terial forms; which muff exist in order of time to the fenfime and external FORMS; though, in contemplation, the external are previous to the internal, as by the one we ascend to the other. thefe internaliimmaterial FORMS then are as numerous, beautiful, various , orderly, and sublime , as are the works both of Nature and Art. Nay more; they are capable, by mental operation, of combination, separation, and addition of infinite diverity. Now as these immaterial forms are necessary previous to corporeal ones, " the whole visible World " (as the learned Commentator here so often quoted justly observes) "exhibits nothing more than so many passing pictures of " these immutable Architypes. Nay, through these it attains " even a semblance of Immortality, and continues throughout ages to be fpeciically One, amid those infinite particular "changes that befall it every moment." In these permanent and comprehensive forims " the Deity "is represented as viewing at once, without looking abroad, "all possible produtions, past, present, and future. This "great and ftipendous view is but a view of HIMSELF, " where all things lie envoloped in their principles and "exem [ 46 ] ' exemplars as being essential to the fullness of his universal "intellevtion." By this Doctrine , or intelletual System , " everything is "referred to the primary mental Cause. And here are we to "look for the origin of intellekual ideas , even of those which "exist in human capacities." By this System "ALL MINDS that are were held SIMILAR "and congenial" fo too are their ideas , or intelligible " FORMS." Doctrines there, sublime , important, and ele vating! and when deeply considered, correspondent to the views which our most holy Religion gives us, not only as to our being formed in the divine image, but as to the divine intercourse established between the Deity and Mankind . "For this Dotrine not only accounts in the only rational "way how intercourse is eftablilhed between Man and Man; "but (what is of more importance) between Man and God." Thus it is by these noble Speculations we arise from corporeal, externalforms, to internal and incorporeal ones; and are led from contemplating the works of Nature to the contemplation of Nature's God. What noble and exalted views does this give us of those mental faculties, by the exercise of which, in the contemplation of the works of God in the material world , and the invef [- 47 1 investigation of the Laws by which it is governed and upheld, as well as the more sublime contemplation of our own powers, both moral and spiritual, we arrive at those ideas , the great exemplars of which exist unalterable and pure in the DIVINE MIND How superior should this make Us to all corporeal gratifications that depend only on our corporeal sensations, which We have in common with the Brutes, dependant only on Matter And how carefully liould we endeavour to exercise and exalt the nobler faculties of the Soul, by which we (hall grow like superior Intelligencies , and as we are allowed by our holy Religion to assert, like unto G D himjelf? ODE H O D E N G E N I U S GENIUS WHO shall ascend that sacred Hill