men upon inquiring into errors and prepossessions of every kind, tery ed only to confirm the dominion of this philoio. phy: protestants as well as papists entrenching themselves behind the authority of Aristotle, and defending their several tenets by the weapons with which he furnished them. This unnatural alliance, of theology with the peripatetic doclines, rendered his opinions not only venerable but sacred: they were reckoned as the land marks ot faith and reason both, which to pull up or remove, would be daring and impious. Innovations in philosophy , it was imagined, would gradually sap the very foundations of religion, and in the end lead to downright atheism. If that veil of awful obscurity, which then covered the face of nature , should be once drawn; the rah curiosity of mankind would lead them to account for all appearances in the visible world , by second causes, by the powers ot matter and mechanism: and thus they might come insensibly to forget or neglect the great original cause of all. This kind of reasoning convinced the multitude , over awed the wiser few , and effectually put a flop to the progress of useful knowledge . SUCH, in general , were the dispositions of mankind when Sir Francis Bacon came into the world : whom we will not confider as the founder of a new feet, but as the great assertor of human liberty againll them all; as one who rescued reason and truth from the slavery in which they had been held till then by each fed alike. A plausible hypothesis, a thining theory, are more amusing to the imagination, and a shorter way to fame , than the patient and humble method of experimenting, of pursuing nature through all her labyrinths by and observation; no wonder , therefore, that a philosophy , built on this principle , could not, at firif, make any sudden or general revolution in the learned world . But it's progress, like that of time, quiet, slow and sure, has in the end been mighty and universal . He was not however the first among the moderns who ventured to difient from Arifiotle. Ramus, Patricius, Bruno, Severinus, to name no more, had already attacked the authority of that tyrant in learning , who had long reigned as absolutely over the opinions , as his restless pupil had of old affected to do over the persons of men. But these writers invented little that was valuable themselves, however jufily they might reprehend many things in him. And as to the real improvements made in some parts of natural knowledge , before our Au. thor appeared, by Gilbert, Harvey, Copernicus, Father Paul, and some few others, they are well known, and have been deservedly celebrated. Yet there was still wanting one great and comprehensive plan, that might embrace the almost infinite varieties of science, and guide our inquiries aright in all. This Sir Francis Bacon at first conceived, in it's utmost extent; to his own lasing honour, and to the general utility of mankind . If we Sfand surprised at the happy imagination of such a system , our surprise redoubles upon us when we reflect, that he invented and methodiyed this system , perse&ed so much, and sketched out so much more of it, amidst the drudgery of business and the civil tumults of a court. Nature seems to have intended him peculiarly for this province, by bellowing on him with a liberal hand all the qualities requisite; a fancy voluble and prompt to discover the similitudes of things; a judgement steady and intent to note their fubtlefi differences, a love of meditation and inquiry; a patience in doubting; a slowness and diffidence in affirming; a facility of retracting; a judicious anxiety to plan and dispose. A mind of such a cast, that neither asseted novelty, nor idolised antiquity, that was an enemy to all imposture, mull have had a certain congeniality and natural relation to truth *. These characters, which, with a noble confidence, he has applied to himself, are obvious and eminent in his Inflauration of the Sciences: a work by him designed, not as a monument to his own fame , but a perpetual legacy for the common benefit of others. He has divided the whole of it into six capital parts: with a short account of which we (hall close this imper set relation of his life and writings. I. THE first part of this Inftaurat: on proposes a general survey of human knowledge : and this he executed in that admirable treatise entitled, The Advancement of Learning *. As he intended to raise a new and lasting firucture of philosophy , founded not in arbitrary opinions or specious conjecures, but in truth and experience; it was absolutely necessary to his design, firfi to review accurately the slate of learning as it then flood, through all its provinces and divisions. To do this effectually required, with an uncommon measure of knowledge , a discernment not only exquisite but universal : the whole intellectual world was fubjeted to it's examination and censure. That he might not lose himself on a subjet so vast and of such variety ; he has, ac' 'augmentis fcicntiarum. cording to the three faculties of the soul, memory, fancy, understanding, ranged the numerous train of arts under three great classes, history, poetry, philosophy . These may be considered as the principal trunks from which shoot forth, in prodigious diversity, the lesser parts and branches of science. Whatever is deficient, erroneous, or still wanting in each, he has pointed out at large; together with the properest means for amending the defecs, for rectifying the errors, and for supplying the omifions in all. Upon the whole, he was not only well acquainted with everything that had been discovered in books before his time, and able to pronounce critically on those discoveries: he saw till farther, and at the end of this treatise has marked out, in one general chart, the several tracts of science that lay still neglected or unknown. And to say truth , some of the most valuable improvements since made have grown out