upon the propo si: ion whence they are deduced, almost as soon a: propos d. Thus Euclid having demonstrated. that in e; C y righj i; ned triangle, all te three an £. r te k; i: s: .' r a: e' c.eal It two ti' rist angles; 299 adds by way of corollary, that all the three angles of any one triangle taken together, are equal to all the three angles of any other triangle taken together; which is evident at first sight, because in all cases they are equal to two right ones, and things equal to one and the same thing, arc equal to one another. The last thing I shall take notice of in this practice of the mathematicians, is what they call their Scholia, they are indifferently annexed to definit; ons, propositions, or corollaries; and answer the same pur. poses as annotations upon a classic author . For in them occasion is taken to explain whatever may appear intricate and obscure in a train of reasoning ; to answer objections; to teach the application and uses of propositions; to lay open the original and history of the several discoveries made in the science; and in a word , to acquaint us with all such particulars as deserve to be known, whether considered as points of curiosity or of profit. Thus I have taken a short viewof the celebrated method of mathematicians which, to those who consider it with proper attention, must appear universal and equally applicable in other sciences. They begin with definitions: from these tlhe dcduce their axioms and postulates, which p 300 serve as principles of reasoning ; and having thus laid a firm foundation , advance to theorems and problems, establishing all by the stritest rules of demonstration. 'Ihe corollaries flow naturally and of themselves. And if any particulars be still wanting, to illustrate a subject , or complete the reader's information; they are generally thrown into a scholia, that the series of reasoning may not be interrupted. In a system of knowledge so uniform and well connected, no wonder if we meet with certainty; and if those clouds that deface other parts of human science, and bring di credit even upon reason itself, are here scattered and disappear. If it be objected that it is too early for boys to commence the study of geometry, which may be thought too sublime and abstruse for their conceptions; I answer, that it is a science purely de; monstrative, and consequently, not beyond the reach of th: ir understandings. The strong habit of attention which it exacts, and to which it leads; the assistance wvhich it is uni versall? a k; : .o ledged to afford the reasoning powers, are tro)ots of its important intlucnce on the education of youth. Those gentli.mcn who have been frighrencd away from Cambridge to Oxford, at the sight of the old Carpenter's 301 book , will reject all that has been said as visionary metaphysical jargon; but that a science of such precision in its principles , and of such universality in its applications, should be neglct ed in a system of liberal education, appears to me, a prejudice of the most debasing nature , and worthy only of the minds of those, who would comprehend all human knowledge in the reading of a novel, a rewspaper, or a magazine. Some apology may, however, be made for them; had they been early instructed in the definition of terms, they would never have turned aside from the sublime and elegant demonstrations of geometry. No cause, perhaps, has more obstrufled a progress in mathematics, than the mistaken though modest notion , that such men as Newton, Gassendi, Euler, clave soared to the extremest verge of mathematical investigation, beyond which there is nothing new to be explored, and no scope ftr assiduous and penetrating genius . It should however be remembered, that had those great mcn thought after this disconsolate mode, tl.ose discoveries which have enriched the book of human krowledge, and imninrt., lied their names as the insti ud6ive benefactors of mankind , would never have 302 blessed the world . The same prejudice was entertained respecing the metaphysics of the illustrious Mr. Locke, when his pensive mind broke loose from the thraldom of scholastic subtleties, and explored by new lights, the regions of the human intellect. Yet, have we lived to behold the day, when not only many of his opinions , but even several of the doctrines of Newton, have teen corrected by the enlarged experience and inquisitive labours of a philosophical and en!ightened age. Wre are not justified in drawing an analogy from a solitary instance of juvenile proficiency; for such an astonishing genius for the mathematics, as Paschal, is rarely to be found. Nature is not lavish of such gifts to the world ; she is parsimonious of philosophers. They arise but once or twice in a long revolution of ages; like the divinities of Homer, they traverse in a few strides the whole circle of creation, and when they disappear, they leave an admiring posterity, to ascribe almost to supernatural caises, the e'icets of. carly habit, and of disciplined attention. As soon as the pupils have been prepared by preliminary definitions for the practical appli 503 cation to the science, they should enter upon Bonnycastle's Elements of Geometry, which has all the accustomed neatness and accuracy of the other writings of this ingenious and able mathematician. In this work the obstacles arising from the theory of parallel lines, the clocrinc of proportion, and many things in the eleventh and twelfth books of Euclid, relating to solids, which are extremely embarrassing, and greatly retard the progress of learners, are obviated; and the subject is rendered more familiar and perspicuous, without weakening its evidence, or destroying its elegance and simplicity. After they have perfeted themselves in the first six books of the Elements, they should apply to the same author's Intro ducion to Mensuration and Practical Geometry. When they have accomplished these various studies , their minds will be furnished with a considerable