our lot is cast in the connexions either of civil or domestic society. Hence when we offer the petition " Hallowed be thy " name!" we pray for the promotion of our own fafc'ty and happines. God manifests himself to man as to an intelligent and moral agent by the dictates of reason , and conscience, by his works of creation, and by the dispensations of his providence. Within us we have a principle of light and truth , which leads us up to the Supreme Being, : and without us a vait volume is opened to our view which all may perufc: there, in plain yet sublime characters, are traced the most ftriking.in ltances. of the omnipotence, the infiniite knowledge , wifldom and goodness of him, who made all things by his power and preserves all things by his providence. How itupid and.negligent must they. be who do not perceive the wonders of divine bounty! How ungrateful those who enjoy them I 3 without [ i18 3 without attending to them! How obstinately presumptuous those whom, when they are capable of perceiving them, they do not lead back to the grand First Cause, friom which all secondary causes derive their relation and efficacy! Contemplate the earth on which we dwell with the other worlds , which surround the fun (which is a million of times greater than our earth), and describe revolutions so constant and regular as to aflonill those the most, who have moll diligently studied them. Confider the fixed liars placed at various , yet to us inmcafitrable distances, some of them lurlpilting the fun in magnitude, and giving light and heat to planetary systems like ours.. Imagination is lost and bewildered in the contemplation of works so immense, that, when compared with the vail universe , our fni, with all the planets which roll around it, is but as a grain of sand on the shore in proportion to the earth. But the power, wisdom and goodnefls of the Creator are not less evident in the, most mi. Lute, than in the greatest of his works . The microscope discovers a new world of won 119 ] wonders . The structure of the smallest insect, which to the naked eye appears an indivisible point, is not less altonifhing than that of the largest animal. We there discern a variety , and connexion of bodily organs so adnirably adapted to the mode of life, and an apparatus so exquisitely suited to the manner of subsistence appointed for these diminutive beings, that nothing less than infinite wisdom and power could have contrived and created them. A celebrated naturalist of this country * asserts that he has observed living insects so small that a hundred million of them together scarcely equalled the magnitude of a grain of sand. Whence comes it then that the name of God is not hallowed by all his creatures? Is it possible that there can be real atheists, who coolly and deliberately deny the existence of a first intelligent Cause? Alas! it is but too true, that such have been found in nations highly civilised, and among the higher ranks in these. But what is more aftonifling, even among those who have .explored all the depths of science, and have adorned their minds with all the riches of 4 human ' Lcuucnhoek;. ' [ 120 ] human literature, some have been so blind CD by their pride as " tofay in, their hearts, "There is no God!" This would not be surprising in ignorant uncultivated savages; and yet even the mofl uncivilised nations feerm, amidst all the superstition and idolatry to which they are enslaved, to have some faint ideas of an intelligent Cause, which however absurd and erroneous are fill more rational than the gross felf delu lions of atheifin. But, alas! the name of God is far from being truly known and sanctified even among many who profess to believe in the revelation of his word , and to be the disciples of the Saviour. In how large a part of the chrillian world is the gospel debased by the vain traditions of men! and how many are there on whom, instead of the rational doctrines and simple duties of the New Teltament, are imposed the belief of unintelligible myleries, and the practice of vain and .oftln idolatrous ceremonies! But, perhaps,, .it will; be contended that filch fu *perlitlion is infinitely preferable to atheism; that,, except in extraordinary cafes.which', corn[ [ ] comparatively speaking, : seldom .occur, it neither dissolves : the obligations of morality, nor lodfens the ties of society; that by preserving order . and subordination, it, ' in a great measure, answers the ends of true religion, and that ..from the; change which; during this century has: taken place in the opinions of mankind , there is little danger of the overwhelming. tyranny of superstition, or of its propagating its tenets by fire and sword. We grant all this.' We allow that the errors of the head have not always an immediate influence on the affections of the heart; and that, leven among those who from ignorance are attached to the moult fu. perllitious tenets and practises, there are many pious and virtuous individuals, who to the belt of their knowledge serve God in the manner they sincerely believe to.be most acceptable to him; yet, as Protestants, we cannot but deplore the prevalence of.fuper flition, because, from the experience both of pall and present times, we are persuaded that it is fatal to true and vital religion, and that it tends to promote atheifrihand infidelity, In a church which prohibits, : L free inquiry, [ 122 ] quiry, and tolerates no departure from its dictates, they, whose minds are too much enlightened not to see the absurdity of many of its tenets , have no opportunity of better instruction; the doubts which are first fug gelled by those. things which, though of human invention, they have always been taught to confider as inseparably connected with the gospel, are easily extended to the