an imperfect knowledge of the ohjec.;, or we have an imperfect /.nowledge of the evidence of their existence. He could not mean tl: e last, consequently he meant the fu ft. 3. The apostles did no more in proposing incomprehensible objces to our belief, than the mailers of human science do. " We know but little, says one of the fineit modern writers , of the nature of bodies; we discover some of their Droper ties, as motion, 'figure, colours, chut of their essence we are ignorant: we know still much less of the foul: but of the essence or nature of God, we know nothing The great Locke sets out with requiring his readers not to " let loose their thoughts into the vast ocean of being, as if all the boundless Locke's Essay, b. II C XXIII 35. See that whole excellent chapter. t Stillingfleet's origines lacira: II 8. t Ars Crit. de notion . adaq; 11 i Cor. XIII 9. § Elements of universal erudition by Baron'bielteld, vol. i. C II ( 09) boundless extent were the natural and undoubted poffeflon of their underifanding, wherein there was nothing exempt from its decisions, or that escaped its comprehension Astronomers require their pupils to " take care always to approach the firmament, that divine book , as they do the other book of God, with reverence and humility, not having too high an opinion of their own abilities, as if they could with the line of human : ea; oin fathom all the depths of divine counfels."t What there great mailers discovered in the sublimer works of nature , the countryman discovers in a polvpe in his cottage ditch, and all mankind are forced to believe the existence of objects, the certainty of fads, combinations of qualities, of which they have no adequate ideas , and for which they can give no account. 4. No man ever yet prcpofed a system of religion free from mystery. Even thole gentlemen, who discard many received dotrines on account of their mysteriousness, are obliged to own, that " the moqf rational and important doctrines imply something beyond the narrow capacity of our comprehension 5. The belief of those fads, which we call doctrines of the gospel, is analogous in christianity to self-love in the law of nature . " God has infeperably interwoven the laws of eternal jullice with the happiness of each individual. In consequence of which mutual connecion of justice and human felicity, he has not perplexed the law of nature with a multitude of abflraded rules and precepts , referring merely to the fitness or unfitness of things: but has graciously reduced the rule of obedience to this one paternal precept , " that man should pursue his own happiness." This is the foundation of what we call ethics, or natural law ."|i Thus in revelation, God hath not perplexed christianity with disquisitions, the underitanding of which would require a long train of metaphysical investigations: but, he hath revealed a few fats, which he declares, he either hath brought to pass, or will bring to pass; and these faas have ever been found the most irresistible motives to constrain men to obey the law of nature . The unity of two natures constituting the dignity of the Author of christianity is one of these fats.' 6. To deprive christianity of its mysteries is to reduce it to a feeble human science; we get rid of mystery and motive together. The removal of, what are called by some, corruptions of christianity, is to be rewarded, it seems, with the P 2 con. Essay, Introducion. t Long's Afironomy, pres. p. 7. t Bourn's diltourfes, vol, II dise. VII 1 Blkftone's Commen talies, Introdution f. %. ( o10) convehfion of Jews and Mohammedans. But let us not too eagerly follow these illusory dreams. Let us confider four things. I. It is not certain, that Jews and Turks rejct christianity on account of our doctrine of Christ's divinity. They do not study cur polemical divinity; they study easier books , our lives, and in them they read objetions to christianity. 2. If it be true that Christ's divinity is a ftumbling block to the modern Jews, nothing is seen in it but the fulfilment of prophecy. The Lord of hafts is a stone of fjumbling, and a rock of ofence to them, as he was to their fathers, who slum -- led at Christ, that yumnbling flone.* 3. The doctrine of accommodation, which is the ground of these pretences, is the most dangerous doctrine in the world . A miser stumbles at the laws of liberality, a proud man futmbles at the gospel motives to'humility, a mere rationalist turables at the invisible realities of faith; and by endeavouring to accommodate the gospel to these dispositions we explain it all away. 4. Were we to divest religion of all these offensive credenda, and were we to reduce it to the gospel of Socrates, or to the more refined gospel of Professor Hutchefon, would it convert the Turks and Jews? A great authority assures us, " Science and philosophy always operate llowly; and it is long before their influence reaches the people, or can produce any sensible effect upon them. They may perhaps gradually, and in a long course of years, undermine and shake an established fyfteni of false religion, but there is no instance of their having overturned one."t A refletion well worth the attention of those, who would reduce the gospel to an enfeebled system of mere moral philosophy . God hath not been pleased to reveal the modeus of his exilence to us: but he hath been pleased to say, Let all bitterness and, wrath and evil fpeaking be put away from among )you I have not therefore thought rmyfelf at liberty to call names, and to denounce judgments . I have seen a writer on one fide prove that Jesus Christ thought not of the impious ro bbery of being elaal e'ith God, by repeatedly declaring that the doctrine of christianity is A MOST ABSURD