by proving them to be divinely revealed. In a word , he should fix the mind of the young hero by indisputable facts , which strike much more forcibly than abltract ideas . And it is for this reason that the author introduces in his last book two persons of very different characters, a philosopher and a prophet; the one employs the power of reason against incredulity, the other imposes silence on all reasonings by a supernatural authority . This is the only use which the author would make of the opinions of Origen; they answer the objections of the incredulous concerning the beginning and duration of evil; they siew, that since the weak reason of the philosophers can find aplaufible solution of those great difficulties, we may well conclude that the infinite Wisdom will be able one day to justify his ways, which are now impenetrable. So long as it is allowable to philosophise, the author exposes the most probable fyftems and hypotheses; but when the question is of faith, he reaobns only upon palpable fats in order to discover whether God has spoken to his creatures or not: the moment we are convinced ofthis, alldoubt full opinions are lost and absorbed in the depths of the divine incomprehensibility. VII Those who.thought the sketches of natural philosophy in this work misplaced, pretending that the ancients are represented more knowing than they really were, will be much more shocked to see those philosophical descriptions augmented in the present edition. It is not surprising to hear this objection made by empty, superficial minds, who laugh at the Mosaic history, while they adopt the Greek fables concerning the origin of mankind ; but it is atlonifhing to hear the same cavils from those who reverence revealed religion, who do not believe that man was created originally wild and savage, that he wandered in the woods and deserts without knowledge , religion or law , and who have philosophy enough to discern that the world could not come out of the hands of a wife, good and powerful Creator in its present ignorance, disorder and corruption. These persons might easily be persuaded that the first men had knowledge of God and nature , which are lost in these latter ages; that the sacred writers did not talk at random when they extolled the profound learning of the orientals and Egyptians, even in the time of .Iofecs; and latly, that * Josephus was not a visionary when he said that the Pagans of his time had an ancient * See Joseph Antiq lib. i. cap. 8. Beras tbid. ct Voss, de Phil. ict, cap. p. 3. tradition, that Abraham who was famous in Asia communicated many sublime discoveries in natural philosophy to the Chaldeans and Egyptians. The author however has no need of these pretexts to jitlify the philosophical descriptions in this work . His aim being to set before the eyes of a young prince those elements of science which miight help to form his untdrfianding and his heart, he thought those physical pitures more proper than poetical paintings to give his pupil a general idea of nature , inspire him with a taste of philefophy, and awaken his desire of knowledge . In pursuing this design he has taken the liberty to depart from ftrit truth , content himself with probability, and make anachronisms in natural as well as civil history. VIII Some pretend that the author has but lightly touched a great many subjects , without going to the bottom of any one; that this book is rather a summary than a work ; that he Rteps too quick from one subjea to another; and that his style is everywhere too laconic, sometimes too metaphysical and abstruse, and often too void of ornament. To this it may be answered, that profound reasoning does not confill in a multiplicity of words . It is perhaps eager to write a great volume than a little one; the labour is not the less real because it is concealed. It was intended that each intelligent reader should have the pleasure of drawing the consequences from the principles , unfolding those first seeds of truth , cultivating them and gathering thence a harvest ofknowledge, of which the author himself had perhaps no idea . We have a sufficient number of books which convey instruction by diffusive reasonings , ingenious aphorisms, and florid illustrations. The author's design was to habituate the mind of a young prince to judge by principles , discover the connexion ofeflential truths and unite them under one view . He says to him upon each subject what is necessary to show, that all nations had originally the same fundamental principles ; that the duties of religion, morality and good policy flow from the same source, conspire to the same end, and mutually support and fortify each other; and in a word , that all the civil and human virtues, the laws of nature and nations are, so to speak, but consequences of THE LOVE OF ORDER , which is the eternal and universal law of all intelligences . In a work of this nature , it isneceflary to unbend the mindof the reader, without carrying it off from its principal object; all the flowers should be thoughts, the graces noble and tender sentiments, the paintings characters, and the descriptions such pictures as make us acquainted with nature , and admire the Creator. The author is sensible that he is far from having executed this valt design, but in the attempt he hai made towards it he was obliged to avoid all so reign embellilhments, laboured connexions, and the ambitious ornaments of the Greek and Latin poesy. To speak more clearly: Poesy has had the same fate with philosophy . The 0- rientals, the Chaldeans, and above all the Hebrews painted nature withoutdifguifing it, and gave life to everything without deifying it. According to them everything proceeds from God, and ought to flow back to him again. All the visible wonders of nature are faint images of his greatness, and the innumerable orders of spirits emanations from his wisdom. miankind are all