i'.the a;; -'/ Philopher; A DIVINE ESSAY on the Principles of MAN's Universal REDEMPTION, IN (i, '0 : v6j%: ME S. VOL 0.! B OOK. I. '. " T A lin, N G... C The cofmogony'ofmofseor'divine Essay on the Principles , and Causes, employed by Almighty God in the Creation of the World , and Formation of our Earth; demonstrating all along the Necessity of a divine Hand, both to adjust the Principles , a&tuate the Causes, and accelerate the Motions, that gave Being, Order , and Harmony to the six Days Work . To which are added, Remarks upon diverse modern Philosophers, who, from their own unreasonable Notions , have laboured to undermine the Mofaick Plan of Creation. / By NICHOLAS ROBINSON, M.D.. sk A Member of the Royal College of Physicians, and Physician to Chrit's hofpital, London. Rs ardua etuftis Novitatem dare, Novis Autritaftem, obfoletis Nito. rem, obfcuris Lgcem, duijs Fidem, omnibus ero Naturam. Prefat. Nat. Hill. ad Vefp. Augut. LONDON: printei'in the YEAR i757. 0 TH E INTRODUCTORY DISCOURSE, CONTAINING The AUTHOR's general APOLOGY in Re. ference to the whole Work . Wist with all my Heart, that the Men of this Generation would be e ' A prevailed upon, for a Season, to suspend their passionate Pursuits after the Riches, Honours, and Pleasures of this World , and employ a little of their leisure Time, in' the Study and Contemplation of the mort sublime and elevated Subjects , it is possible for the Wit of Man to engage upon. For what Subject can be more grand, than the Creation of the World , and the Works of the supreme Archites? What more elevated than the Dignity of Man, and the Glory of the Creation? And what more extensive than the universal Redemption of the whole human Nature ? B - - God, thematician, have favoured the World ;; : Theory of Nature upon the Principles of Revelation; but both those Gentlemen, in prosecuting these great Subjecs, have so distorted the sacred Texts, to make them comply with the Principles of their respective Hypotheses; that they may rather be said to darken Knowledge , than give. any new Lights, whereon to ground a regular System of Nature : And therefore the two following Volumes are written with a Design to unfold these mysterious Subjecs, and to clear up the Circumstances that attend them from all Embarrass. But it is one great Misfortune, that most of the Philosophers, and those that have treated of the Creation of the World , and the original State of Things, since Christianity was established , have laboured to get Moses on. their Side; or.at least to countenance their Projects; and often have obliged this unerring Guide to speak a Language foreign to Truth , Reason , and the Doctrines of Nature : So that while arijiotle's Philosophy prevailed in the Christian World , Moses must then be a Peripatetic, and made to support the doarine of the four Elements: while Des Carts's Vortexes were in vogue, and the general Opinion prevailed in Favour of his Philosophy , then Moses must be a Cartesian, and the Elements of Scripture wrested to square with the Theory of Nature , as supported by that Philofo I ~ pher. And after the great Sir Isaac Newton, that Ornament of the English Nation, had made those surprising Discoveries, ".and almost' perfe&ted the Dotrines of nature , then: Moes must once more vere about, ' change his Principles , and be made to support the Newtonian Dotrines of Matter and Motion, and the Phenomena derived from thefo Principles . Now what is all this, but to charge the sacred Penman with Errors, Mistakes, and Contradidi ons; and consequently the eternal Reason that neither slumbers nor sleeps with the same Inconsistency and Nonsense; Things as abhorrent to the divine Nature , as they are inconsistent with the .revealed Will of God? For these several Philosophers and' their Advocates have made Moses vary with the, Times, and turn with every Change of Wind, as if the. inspired Prophet had been as. fallible as other Mortals, and subject to the same Failures and Prepoffeflions with themselves; for it is impossible to conceive, that the Laws of either God or Nature can ever change, or warp from the Standard of Truth , as our Assec tions are wont to warp towards the Things of this Earth; for God's Word is like himself, the same Yesterday, today, and for ever; so that the Bible contains but one Sense, and that Sense the true Sense, which perfectly corresponds with Truth , Reason , and the Nature of Things. B 3 Fronm From these Observations it clearly appears, that Revelation is a Digest of divine Laws , not designed for the Benefit of any one Kingdom, Nation; or People in Nature ,. but contains . a plain System of natural , as well as moral and divine Laws , suited to all Ages, fitted for every Country, and proportioned to the Capacities and Wants of all Mankind through the World : And whether there People be poor or rich, little or great, learned or illiterate, they are all equally dear to God, equally under his Protection; and equally redeemed by the precious Blood of God's only begotten Son. In short , the Scriptures of the Old and New Testament, contain a System of the human Nature the grandeft, the moult extensive, and complete, that ever was divulged to Mankind , since the Foundations of Nature ; and such a Scheme as the greatest Wits that ever were, never could discover , unafifted by the Spirit of God. And therefore most certainly we must grant this Almighty Sovereign of Nature , to have had a reach in his Counsels beyond the Depths of our shallow Wisdom to fathom; Measures to proceed upon, different from what naturally lie open to the Compass of our scanty Views ; and Principles and Causes to be discovered , which, without the Assit ance of divine Revelation, must for ever have continued in Darkness and Obscurity to such a benighted Creature as Man, For For who but God alone could regulate so many great Events, ' reconcile so many jarring intereas, rem ove