to explain the Objets and Laws of Nature ; nay, more Difficulties will necessarily arise from Revelation, as those Scriptures treat upon more complex Subjects ; and their chief Design is rather employed to discover Man's Rise, Fall, Restoration, and final Happiness, than to explain the Creation of the World , and the Principles whereon its various Objets and Phenomena are supported. So that all the Discoveries we make in the Works of God and Nature , are, in a Scripture Sense, only to be looked on, as obscure Hints, which require the most delicate Skill and Knowledge in those sacred Books to distinguish properly; to range the various Classes of Objects in a proper Order , and ascertain their Connetion with the Works of God and Nature . This I have attempted to do in the former Volume , on the Creation of the World , and the Afronomy of Moses, Moses, and shall endeavour to support the same Principles as they relate to Man and Adam in the two Books that are now to follow. And therefore he that denies the Scriptures to have been promulged by the Authority of God, because ofthefe Difficulties, may as well deny the Creation of the World to have been accomplified by the Power and Wisdom of the Almighty, because he judges some Flaws and Inconsistences in the Process, not accountable for, upon the Principles and Laws of our Philosophy . And if it be so difficult to conceive separately a just Idea of this massy World , constituted upon simple Principles , Elements, and naturalcaufes; then, by Parity of Reason , it must be much more dif fcult to discover a clear and diflin& Idea of the various Passages of Revelation, as they relate to both the natural and divine World , all combined into one System . And therefore, this Combination, constituted on Principles , Causes, and Effects, muil necessarily appear more complex, difficult and obscure, when viewed in the said Books of Revelation, than when we only survey it simply as a System of natural Objects, composing this terrestrial Globe, and the Animals that forourn upon it. Now Now to contemplate the Grandeur of Man's Creation; the Greatness of his Fall, and the astonishing Wonders of his Redemption, by God incarnate, are three Subjets so vaffly sublime , that they greatly transcend all the other Objelts of Nature ; for what can be more wonderful and aftonilhing, than that we vile Worms, by Christ's Incarnation, should be exalted to the Dignity of being Sons of God by Nature , who not long before were little above the Beasts that perish. And hence we discover , that this System of the. Natural , was first formed in Subserviency to the Moral, and both designed for the Improvement of the divine World : And this we see verified in Vegetables being formed for Animals, and organised Bodies for immaterial Spirits and Souls. And I question not but that there are wise Reasons in the whole Sum of Beings, why the Course of the World is usually carried on by general Laws , and most of the Ends of Government, accomplished by their Means: So that we, that live in this Age, are connected by Relation with those that went before us, even up to the firif Man; and the same Relation will be continued from us down to latest Posterity, and hold a steady Course to the Consummation of of all Things: And as the World is great, large, and immense; so it must contain many Truths as yet undiscovered, and more in the Abyss of Nature , which never will be discovered , till the Refurreaion of our Nature takes Place: For though Man has had the Use and Possession of those very Faculties he now enjoys, for near Six thousand Years, yet what are the mighty Boasts we can make of our Acquisitions of Knowledge in this long Trad of Time? From these Observations I hope that pious, good, and judicious Men, will be prevailed upon to examine a little more lirictly into the Principles of Revelation, before they presume lightly to esteem those sacred subje&s, which are of that high Importance, not only to themselves, but to Mankind in general . To conclude: I think proper here to advertise the Reader, that I have not always, in what relates to the Propositions, either in the Third or Fourth Book of this Volume , kept up to the Rules of Logical Inference: For, Sometimes the Proofs go before the Proposition, and then the Proposition itself is an Inference, and the subsequent Discourse a Scholium upon it: Sometimes the Proafs follow, and then the Proposition is a stated flated faet, and the Discourse following an Inference, that demonstrates the Truth of thatfat:. And thus I have placed Things in that Point of View , as I judged might best help to inform the unlearned Reader, in what relates to the various Events, as revealed under both the Jewish and Christian Dispensation: For, the Propositions themselves are only particular Heads of the Chapters contracted into a narrower Compass; that the Connexion of the preceding and subsequent Fads, may more easily be comprehended by a Person sincerely attached to Truth . HATTON garden, March 5, 1758s THE T H E Christian Philosopher; O R, A DIVINE essay on the Principles bs MAN's Universal REDEMPTION: In Four BOOKS . i +f"*^4++!+44+ x++4b*' '4"m+4 VOL. II BOOK III Containing the CREATION of MAN, c. CHAP. I. Of the Temper, Genius , and Difpoftion of Mind, necefdary toform a right Judgement of thecreation of Man in the Image of God; as this fjblime Dotrine is revealed in the Scriptures of the Old and New ltetament. * _ N the general Apology to the first Volume I observed, with whattern and Disposition of Mird we ought to write of God and his Attributes; and how difficult it is to reach the Sublime , and form olr Thoughts and Words aright, when the Almighty is the Object of our VOL. II B Con Contemplations. I am now come to speak of the Temper and Genius necessary to judge