abettors of that philosophy do not deny, that there is a perfec conformity between our desires and our wants, - between our senses and the bounties of nature : They do not deny, that from the lofty cedar to the humble hyssop, from man to the meanest inset, there is a beautiful symmetry, and ajuft proportion, equally observable in the general relation of objects one to another, and in the connexion of the several parts of each considered separately. But this admirable harmony, where the wife, the pious man, remarks with delight, the feal of an eternal intelligence , the followers of that most deplorable doctrine , itrive toreprefent, either as the fortuitous union, and the mere play of atoms, agitated by a blind movement, or as the nature of things, which has cx iited from eternity What pains have they taken to invent and to defend those systems , so destructive of our happiness, and our hopes I value the intimate feelings of my mind more than all this philosophy : But it might encourage its presumption, were we timidly to ihun its approach. Let us then examine, whether its exterior exterior pride, and its haughty pretensions, are founded on reason , and if it does not gain the refpet of weak minds merely by its insolence. I WILL attempt to treat this question, which is the most important one that can employ the thoughts of man, in the following manner: - I will first endeavour to show, that the different conjetures concerning the origin of the world , all terminate in one opinion , The eternal and necessary existence of everything in nature . I will afterwards compare the basis of that system , with the foundation of that happy and natural belief, which unites the idea of a Supreme Being with all we see and know, with the universe itself, the greatest and most unlimited of our conceptions. CHAP. CHAP. XIII The same subjeet continued. W T HEN we find that several authors , who have framed conjectural systems with regard to the formation of the world , reject the belief of a God, as an idea foreign to the nature of our perceptions, Have we not a rightto expec that they mhould, in its place, substitute something more probable, and better accommodated to our understanding?? far from fulfilling such an expetation, they give way to every vague fancy, every wild conceit. Indeed, whether they refer the origin of the universe to chance, and a fortuitous concourse of atoms, or assume other hypotheses deduced from the same principles , yet we must still necessarily suppose, the eternal exiitence of an infinity of small particles of matter, confusedly jumbledthrough the immentity of space, that these atoms, thus universally disseminated, should attract and fit each other by certain properties peculiar to their nature , that there thould result from their adhesion, not merely ly the faculties of sense, but even the intellecual powers, such as thought, memory, foresight, judgement and will; in short , we must suppose, that those incomprehensible molecules have been arranged in such wonderful order , by the effect of some random chance, that may have possibly occurred amongst the infinite number of accidental combinations. Indeed, after they have made so many suppositions, without the least foundation , and without the smallest resemblance to anything we know, it plainly appears, that the belief of an Intelligent Spirit, the soul and direcor of the universe , better corresponds with our nature , and has more analogy with such ob jees as are within the reach of our knowledge , than anything they can advance. But let us return to the examination of those hypothetical principles we have juit mentioned. We readily perceive that they have arisen from a contracted mode of thinking. The mind is accustomed to pass from simple to compound ideas , when employed in study or invention: And by an inverse method, the composers of such systems , have thought it only requisite, in order to trace the universe to its origin, that they should detach all its parts, and, in imagination, divide and subdivide them to infinity. But however great the tenuity of those atoms may be supposed, yet, being possessed of such intellectual and organic properties, as fancy must allow them, them, their existence would be a wonder in no refpea inferior to all the phenomena with which we are surrounded. When we see a plant spring up, and afterwards assume various beautiful colours, we only take into view the period in which its vegetation is obvious to our senses: But the seed of this plant, or, if it must be so called, the organised molecule, the first principle of this seed, would have as forded us an equal cause of admiration, were we endowed with faculties sufficient to penetrate into the occult mytferies of nature . But, by thus reducing the whole mass of matter which compotes the world into an impalpable powder, we represent to our fancy a mere fugitive vapour, which merits not our admiration; and those who unhappily wish to shun the sublime sentiment of admiration, are enabled, by this system of infinitely divisible atoms, to remove the period at which theymuft be lost in aftoniihment, to whatever distance they think proper. All there fantastic schemes only tend to impede us in our search for truth . I shall here offer a general observation on this subject : The study of the first elements of such sciences as are our own work , as geometry, language, civil le. giflation, and several others, appears, no doubt, to be the easiest part of our education. It is, however, very different, when we attempt to investigate the laws of the physical world : For the works works of nature never appear to us more iimple than when we view them under their ordinary forms and combinations. They are then, to the mind, what harmony is to the ear, and the just accord of all their parts, forms an unity perfectly accommodated to the degree of intelligence we possess. Thus, man, for example, that wonderful combination of so many