a recital of the wonders we discover in the great and magnificent works of nature : Many celebrated writers have attempted this mode of proof, but their imperfec iketches have always fallen far short of the grand original. We cannot think of infinity without acto nilhment, and a humble respect, which overpowers all our faculties. Thus, while we endeavour, successively, to represent the various wonders of nature , this conrfant change of objects tends. rather to suspend our admiration than to increase it: For every change cafes the mind, by affording it a station on which it may repose, and that relaxation its weakness requires; on the contrary, if we fix our attention on any particular phenomenon, and endeavour to investigate it singly, we soon arrive at the limits of .our: faculties, culties. We discover the narrowness of our understanding, as well by examinirig the organisation of the smallest inset, as by contemplating the faculties of our own soul; and the mystery of simple vegetation seems as far above the reach of our intelligence , as the secret power that gives motion to the universe . Then, as the natural effusion of my heart, and as a hymn of grateful praise to the Supreme Being, but not as necessary instruction, I will briefly enumerate some of the principal characters of wisdom and grandeur , with 'which all men mutl be equally struck when they contemplate the wonders of the universe . What a sight is the world ! What a magnificent fpeaacle for those who can. divest themselves for a moment of their : habitual indifference !i We know not where to: begin, -- we know not where to fix, while we attempt to call.to view lo many prodigies; but the moip noble.of all is the faculty which has been bellowed on us, of conceiving and admiring them. What an aftoniflhing and sublime relation do we find, between the innumerable beauties of nature , and our physical intelligence , which enables us to discover them, and to enjoy them with delight What a wondrous connexion do we also observe, between the order and harmony of the universe , with our moral intelligence , which enables us to aspire: at unbounded wisdom and p2 know knowledge ! Nature , though immense, and all that it contains , all that it displays with so much splendour, seems to be connected by some particular relation, either to our senses, or to our mental powers. These invisible and incomprehensible faculties all unite to form that wonder of wonders , which we call happineft. Let not those simple terms we must employ, turn our attention'from the ineffable ideas which they represent!. The great phenomena of our existence are the more wonderful , that they can neither be defined, nor expressed in different ways; and the common words we use, such as, soul, spirit, sensation, life, happiness, and many others which we pronounce so slightly, all equally confound our underfianding, when we endeavour to fix our attention on the essence of those properties of which they are the symbols. For this reason , among many others, the successive admiration of the various particulars in the works of nature , is never found to be fully satisfactory to minds possessed of sensibility; because such admiration is, founded on ideas dependent on human knowledge : But the principal charm of our relation with the wonders around us, arises from; our experiencing the.continual impression of infinite greatness, and from feeling the necessity of flying to that happy refuge for 'weakness and ignorance, the sublime idea of a. God. We are constantly carried back towards this this idea , by the vain efforts which we make to penetrate the secrets four own nature : And when I fix my attention on those astonishing mysteries, which in a manner terminate the powers of our mind, I confider, with emotion, that they may, perhaps, be the only barrier. that separates us from the Infinite Mind, the Source of all Intelligence . Men who possess the most extensive genius , soon perceive the limits of their faculties, when they attempt to dive too far into the depths of metaphysical subjects : But the most simple and untutored mind, can readily diftinguifl those traces of order and harmony which everywhere announce, with so much lufire, a purpose and design worthy of infinite wisdom. It appears, that all the knowledge necessary to inspire men with proper sentiments, has been constantly placed within their reach. The intelligent astronomer, from observing the course of our globe around the fun, perceives the cause of that regular succession of winter and summer, which secures the fecundity of the earth, and renews, each revolving season, its brilliant attire: But does not the simple husbandman, who only sees the faithful earth annually pour out its rich bounties, which correspond, with such admirable precision, to the various wants of every creature, perceive enough to excite his admiration and gratitude? Newton analysed light, and calcula P 3 ted ted the velocity with which it glances througlh the immensity of space: But is not the illiterate herdsman, who sees, when he wakes, his cottage enlightened by the same rays which animate all nature , a witness of a phenomenon that must equally excite his wonder and gratitude? The indefatigable 'anatomifl gains a just idea of the inimitable mechanism and wonderful structure of our various organs; But has not the unskilful man, who'reflecs a moment on the various sensations and pleasures of which we are susceptible, also sufficient ground for admiration and thankfulness? ...-. The degree 6f knowledge peculiar to men of enlightened minds, is a kind of superiority which disappears before the incommensurable grandeur , prefrited by the idea of the universe . Compared with infinity, the talents of all men are equal; and it 'is probably beyond the utmost firetch of human intelligence , 'that the greatest wonders of inature begin. The knowledge of all ages has been unable to explain the imperious authority of our will'over our ations. Neither has it been discovered , how our thoughts can reach the most remote ages i how our minds can comprehend such a