us confider how, in order to form this judgement, he can with such rapidity recapitulate the thoughts and figures of speech employed by others in former times, where he can place those registers which he muss consult, and how he can, in an instant, be certainly persuaded that he has, in a manner, surpassed all that has been thought or written in preceding ages. In short , let every one contemplate those mysterious beauties of the human underifanding, and, according to his ability, endeavour to account for them; let him then inquire what impression he receives from such reflecions. There is not, perhaps, so great a distance between the mofl perfect vegetable and the human mind, as between the human mind and the idea we form of the infinite intelligence of the Sup'eme Being. To be convinced of this, it may be sufficient to suppose, pose, that there exists in the immensity which surrounds us, a gradation similar to what we observe in the small space we are permitted to view . The author of a celebrated work blames mankind , because they have always had a reference to their own faculties, in the comparisons they make, while they endeavour to investigate the firif principle of the existence of the world . But at what other point can we commence, when we are to reason and judge? Is it not enough, that the idea of a Supreme Being is metaphysical? Shall we endeavour to abstract ourselves, and attempt to find an imaginary support to our . opinions and judgments , which may be exterior to us, and absolutely foreign to our nature ? This is altogether incomprehensible. We pretend not to have sufficient powers to know the essence and perfetions of God; but by pursuing such ab ftrations, we only deprive ourselves of the few means we possess. It is indeed very necessary, that we flould judge of things we do not know, by the assistance of those we are acquainted with. We are always led astray, when we leek to take any other course: Yet some philof6phers have striven to combat our internal feelings by abstract and arbitrary ideas , of which a capricious imagination is the only foundation . Thus it mufi be always furprifng, that amidst our contemplations and habits of thinking, while we we perceive the wisdom of design, the . general harmony, and all the traces of intelligence in nature , we should, all at once, renounce this mode of judging and thinking, that we may attribute the formation of the world to the effec of chance, or to the laws of blind necessity; and it is impossible that we can deduce from this the same consequences with regard to the admirable order of the universe : All must appear in confusion without plan or design. Fads so different, principles so contrary, cannot lead to the same conclusion. The magnificence which appears in the universe , ought to be taken into consideration, when we form conjecures on its origin; and we cannot be easily persuaded that, in the investigation of such important truths , we should hold of no account all the ideas we acquire by viewing the wonders of nature . It would be indeed going a great length, were men to rejec all arguments drawn from final causes; it would not be merely one prolific thought alone they would thus destroy, they would entirely cut off the source of all our knowledge . The various wonders of nature being all displayed to us, as it were, at one view , we insensibly cease to perceive their connexion with the existence of u God: But if the Great Ruler of the universe had thought fit to exhibit successively the numerous ads of. his power, our imagination, being animated by the frequent change of of objects, muff, of necessity, have risen to the idea of a Supreme Being. It is then because a multitude of miracles are accumulated to aggrandise the universe , because an inimitable harmony seems to unite the immense diversity of parts into an admirable whole, because profound wisdom maintains a general equilibrium, and, in short , because insensible gradations and delicate slades, render the wondrous works of nature more perfect, that men are not immediately struck with astonishment, and lost in admiration. Perhaps you may say, that new phenomena would be requisite to determine your belief. But have you then forgot, that all you at present behold, surpasses your underfianding? Alas! were the smallest miracle performed before your eyes, you would instantly be ready to bend your haughty reason ; and yet, because the greatest and most wonderful that can possibly be conceived, has preceded your existence, you assec to remain unconcerned, and pretend that all appears simple and necessary!! what influence has your momentary contemplations on the reality of the wonders in the universe ? Your passage through life, is an imperceptible point amidst the view of eternity: Admiration, surprise, and all the affections of the soul, do not alter the nature of the phenomena which are their objets; and the mind, like a mirror, can only only reflec a very small portion of the immense. profpet of the universe . Neither do we need any new revolution in the order of nature , to convince us of the power of its Author : The texture of a blade of grass far surpasses our intelligence : And when we have grown old in study and observation, we may still discover new objects, and new relations, which we have not investigated. We are, indeed, every where.furrounded with things unknown and incomprehensible. Let us, however, for a moment, suppose that there existed such miracles as might immediately convince us; yet it is plain, that they would not have so much influence on the opinions of men, as some people have imagined: For if they were frequently repeated, and occurred periodically at equal intervals, their first imprefion would be gradually weakened, and they would, at last, be considered merely as one of the successive movements of eternal matter. On the contrary, if these miracles appeared only at very