have fubflittited ir place of it, but by an actual comparison of these with each other, thathe who renounces the clear and explicit docrines of revelation, will search in vain: for consistence, or for uniformity of any kind in the writings of its adversaries *. For the opinions of these men, different and even opposite upon points of which they maintain that all mankind form the same judgement, and their estimates of an universal religion, of which they are scarcely agreed in any one principle , present F idefupra, fed. 4 P. I 14. t9 the end. to to an intelligent mind a just view of human imperfedtion, and exhibit, wheh taken together, decisive evidence of the expedience arnd heccflity of revelation. They exhibit a proof that: revelation wat ae.ceffary, A more. powerful evidence of this truth cannot indeed be adduced, than that which ariseth from the incongruois fchemies of the wife and the learned in : all : age, who have profefed to set it afde. To these genitle men, a reader of coinmon inrelligenee might address the .following expofttllatioii witt much. propriety upon ite present occasion. " You maintain that: a revelation of truths calculated to regulate praice, : otto extend knowledge , is uhneceffary, because: the priri ciples necessary to the firftl prpofe are im e pressed upon every; mind by the Author of nature , and reason can discover as muich rew fpedting the last as is fit, or necessary to be known. Now, if this is the cafe, no question' ought to be more easy of solution than the simple one suggested by this'. affirmation: .What' : are these uliverfal' principles By nwhat fatality then has it happucred, that you have never yet agreed in your .enumeration 3 a ' of of points, at the same time so obvious and S, essential? When I confider the Christian scheme, I do not discover any incongruity respecting the articles abovementioned, fimir ar to that of which your writings offer examples. The authors of the sacred volumes agree perfectly with each other in their account of the great objects of faith, and of the general rules and principles of duty. No dispute takes place amongst them with respect .to the existence of a moral sense, the propriety of a. moral precept , the intrinsic excellence and beauty of virtue, and the nature , extent, and, duration of its reward. The great doctrines of future existence, and retribution are clearly and particularly inculcated and enforced by all the authors of the New Teltament without exception. They form the basis of the Chifftian's faith, and are held up as objeets, by the contemplation of which he ought at all times to be supported: and animated. "When from these books I turn to the writings of ancient and of modern philosophers, I find parties established whose tenets refpecing the'moft important of all fubjeats; that that of morals, differ widely from each other. I remark particularly concerning the latter class who rejeac revelation, that they have laid down no fixed plan of any kind whatever, to be adopted by their followers, in place of its do6trines. On the contrary, the perfetions of the supreme Being, and even his existence, the principles of morals, and their utility, the nature of virtue, and its tendency to promote happiness, and, finally, the reality, the properties, and the state of invisible and incorporeal beings, are points upon each of which incongruous opinions are maintained by different authors , concerning whose hypotheses I can pronounce, no judgement, but that they cannot be reconciled. From my examination of these, therefore, and from a comparison of them with the former, I am led to conclude, that a revelation from the Deity was necessary, in order to render our ideas just and comprehensive of objets, to the knowledge of which the most enlightened understanding was utterly inadequate. And from the consistent representation which Christian authors exhibit of doctrines wherein they only maintain uniformity of sentiment, I form an argument favourable 3a 2 to to their pretensions of publiihing a revelation from God." The. proof adduced in the former part of this inquiry has, we hope, given abundant satisfaction respecting both, the capital points abovementioned. The consequence is obvious. He who adheres to the. Christian scheme, entertains: explicit ideas of tde nature of his dduty, and of the Being who prescribes it, conrfirmed by the uniform sentiments of all the authors , who profess to write from inspiration. He, on the other hand, who rejea this religion, renouncing a theory thus illustrated, and eftablifed by consent, must either wander in eternal uncertainty, amidst opinions and tenets infinitely multiplied; or must adhere to the notions of one leader, controverted and: reprobated byothers of the same party; or, finally, he must frame a new system to himself, of whose perfection, in opposition to so many others, he will find it difficult to obtain a conviction, Scepticism, therefore, in the last resort, will most probably be his refuge. For no system of principles , after having difinifed 'thfe of Christianity, anity, will come recommended by sufficient authority to establish his belief. We have now enumerated the general canues of te prevalence of Sceptical notions ; and we have endeavoured to place in a just point of view , the' effects refpeting the happiness of the individual, and his conduct in society, to which these notions will give occasion. In the present feaion, as in every other part of this work , the author has particularly kept in view the situation of young persons entering into life, and ready to be seduced from a plain pathby the united influence of prejudice, of passion, and of example. With the purpose of doing service to this class of readers in particular, he would address to them one other observation on the causes of fcepticifin, and on its effects. He makes it with greater fatisfac¢ion and confidence, because it may be comprehended without difficulty. It refpets the end or design which our modern Pyrrhonifts propose to accomplish by their