which the sacred writers agree unalterably in maintaining. And we may remark, as one of the strongest proofs of its divine original, that, at the time when polytheism was the established religion of more powerful and poliihed nations, this truth was inculcated only by the Lawgiver of the Jews. " Know, said he, O Israel, that " the Lord thy God is One GOD ." Re fletion will convince us, that the duties which we owe to the Supreme Being acquire force and propriety from the sublime idea of him that is here exhibited. We contemplate * Deut. VI 4. this this Being with peculiar reverence, when he is held forth as one simple and universal intelligence , to whom his creatures have recourse as to their common Father. The duties of filial love and gratitude flow naturally from this account of their author , to whom they are paid without hesitation or constraint. On the other hand, it is obvious that we cannot Subdivide this great idea , and dissipate there affections among inferior divinities, without diminishing their force in a great measure, if we do not render them terms without significance. For to deities of whom each claims a share of our homage and thankfulness, we will offer those oblations iefs cordially and sincerely, as we conceive limits to be consigned to their power or their beneficence: Whereas these concentrate without reserve, according to the first hypothesis, in one complete and undivided original. It is not my purpose to repeat in the present work the sentiments of authors whl have written formerly on this important ilb jedt. Concerning the second class of duties, therefore, I stall only observe, that the sacred writers arc more explicit and more more particular than those abovementioned, upon every branch of duty that is connected with suffering. This circumstance does honour to the doctrihes of our religion, and renders its moral system apparently more complete, and indeed useful, than any that is contained in the writings of philosophers. Sufferings, in the present state of things, fill up a large proportion even of the happiest life. Of this truth the authors of our religion were rendered sensible by experience. And foreseeing the state of the church in future ages, at the time when they were attentive to the general circumstances of mankind , they lay down rules that are accommodated equally to all situations. Hence ariseth the peculiar propriety wherewith they expatiate on the virtues which persecution calls into exercise. Hence is derived the precept of returning blefing for curses"' Hence the command enjoining Christians to pardon f, and even to love their enemies : I; to do good offices to their persecutors §; to * Matt. V 44. Luke VI 28. t Matt. VI i2. Luke XI 4. $ Luke VI 27. 35. § Ibid. Matt. VI 44. fly and in general to susser with meekness, patience, and submission, It is obvious, that, setting aside the sacred charaaer of Christ and of his Apostles, their injlinctions acquire force and energy from the ciicumftances in which they were placed. When both therefore are taken under consideration, we cease to wonder at the mild and benevolent spirit by which these rules appear to have been diaated, as well as at the particularity with which they are applied. Our obfertations on this fuibjec may be extended with propriety to the more private duties that respect the individual. The body of man, when it is considered as framed of movements that are infinitely complicated, and as animated by the breath of this Divine Essence, acquires importance from our conception of its Architet. As a faneuary therefore consecrated by this inhabitant, we are required to preserve it from pollution. But it is not merely in the comprehenrive nature of its morality, nor in the motives to Matt. X 03. 0o "\ ?'; rtuollg virtuous practice, that a fcientifical inquiry will display the excellence of our religion. It exhibits likewise, in the example of its authors , a pattern framed according to those maxims , and conformed to them in every circumstance. It is well known that this was by no means the cafe of ancient moralists. History offers Socrates indeed to our view as a singular instance of a man from whose mind the fudy of philosophy had eradicated propensities to vice. But among the Greeks, the licentious indulgence of the followers of Epicurus, among Roman philosophers, the lives of Sallust and of Seneca, not to mention others, debate this respectable designation. Of the latter particularly, acions that are discordant to every moral precept , will ever be considered as indications of the inadequate influence of his philosophy . We shall see immediately that this opposition of principle and practice, illustrated by so many examples, arose from the different opinions which those philosophers entertained concerning the chief good of man, or what ought principally to gain his attention. In the mean time a discerning reader will readily remark, that whatever ever virtues are recommended by the Author of the Christian law , are likewise exempli sied in their pratice'. The life of Jesus himself is a perfect pattern of all the excellencies that can adorn or exalt human nature , brought as it were into one view , and set before us as the model of our imitation. It was observed, that this religion, to the precepts of which the lives of its teachers are so happily conformed, has contributed to extend the bounds of knowledge by the importance and variety of its discoveries. The present subject leads us to examine the truth of this proposition, which may be confirmed by very satisfying evidence. The first Christian teachers have effectuated the purpose abovementioned, by the two following methods. I. They ascertain with precision, and with perfect uniformity, the nature of the chief good, concerning which philosophers wrangled to no purpose. 2. They reveal to mankind truths as being absolutely certain, of which some had formerly been unknown, and of others, a few only had framed some imperfect conception. $