the objections drawn from reason . Daniel could not at this part. it would not have become him to solve difficulties by. uncertain conjecures; the Philosopher might prepare the Prince, by bare.hy pothefes, .to submit. and to distrust his understanding: but it was necessary that the Prophet fiould disengage Cyrus from all bold speculations, how refined and bright soever they might might appear, and lead him to the belief of a supernatural religion, not by a philofopoical demonstration of its dotrines, but by proving them to be divinely revealed. In a word , he should fix the mind of the young Hero by indisputable facts , which strike much more forcibly than abftra& ideas . And it is for this reason that the Author introduces in his last book two persons of very different cha raters, a Philosopher and a Prophet; the one employs the powers of reason against incredulity, the other imposes silence on all reasonings by supernatural authority . This is the only use which the Author would make of the opinions of Origen; they answer the objections of the incredulous concerning the beginning and duration of evil; they show; that since the weak reason of the Philosophers can find a plausible solution of those great difficulties, we may well conclude that the infinite Wisdom will be able one day to justify his ways, which are now impenetrable. So long as it is allowable to philosophise, the Author exposes the most probable systems and hypotheses; but when the question is of faith, he reasons only upon palpable facts , in order to discover whether God has spoken to his creatures or not. The moment we were convinced of this, all doubtful opinions are lost and absorbed in the depths of the divine incomprehensibility. VII VII Those who thought the kietches of natural philosophy in this work misplaced, pretending that the ancients are represented more knowing than they really were, will be much more ihocked to see those philosophical descriptions augmented in the present edition. It is not surprising to hear this objection made by empty, superficial minds, who laugh at the Mofaick history, while they adopt the Greek fables concerning the origin of mankind ; but it is astonishing to hear the same cavils from those who reverence revealed religion, who do not believe that man was created originally wild and savage, that he wandered in the woods and deserts without knowledge , religion or law , and who have philosophy enough to discern that the world could not come out of the hands of a wife, good aud powerful Creator in its present ignorance, disorder and corruption. These persons might easily be persuaded that the first men' had a knowledge of God and nature , which are lost in these latter ages; that the sacred writers did not talk at random when they extolled the profound learning of the Orientals and Egyptians, even in the time of Moses and lastly, that (A) Josephus was not a VI fionary, when he said that the Pagans of his. (A) See Joseph. Antiq. lib. i. cap. 8. Beras, ibid. &vof. de Phil. set. cap. i. p. 3. tiune time had an .ancient .tradition, that Abraham who .was famousin' Asia communicated .mainy 'ublinie.difcoveries in natural philosophy to .the Cansnd Eg. he ans and egauthor, however has no'need, of these pretexts to justify the philosophical descriptions. in this, work . .His aim being to set: before the, eye's of a young Prince those elements of f'ciience which might help to form his underftanding"gnd his heart, he thought those physical pictures more proper than poetical paiintigs to give his pupil a general idea of nature , .infpirehil, wit a taste of philosophy , .and. a wakvien his, desire of knowledge . In pursuing this : design he has.. taken the liberty. to depart .rom: ftric truth , 'content himself wiith, proability, arnd make anachroniins.in natural as well' as civil history... ..i '.' ....' ...' i". ' -... ['. VIII Some .pretend, that hej'uthor' has but lightly' touched, ', a great,, fy subje's, without 'goin to the botton of' any : one; that his book is: rather a'fumimarry. t ap,; a work ; that he ftqps too quick.'frbomn0i e rul jest to another;. and that hl; i.fyle, is every where'too, lacofiick, foetimes too. metaphy 'fial and ab fri: re, an'ften .too.'voi'.óf ornament .... '' To this it'may be answered, that prodfound ..eafoning does not conlift, in a multiplicity of words : it is .perhapsweafier.to write a great ., ~,; : ?~ volume volume than a little one; the labour is: not the less real, ' because it is 'concealed. 'It was .intended that. each iitelligent reader hold .hava: the pleasure of drawing the confequehces .from the principles , unfoilding.thofe firflfe.es of truth , 'cultivating them and gathering.thence a harvest of knowledge , of which the Author himself had perhaps no idea . We have a sufficient number of books which convey irn ftruiobn by diffuse reasonings , ingenious aphorisms and florid. illustrations. The Author's design was to habituate the mind of a young Prince to judge by principles ,. discover the connexion of essential truths , and unite them under one view . He says to him upon. each subject what is necessary to show, that all nations had originally the same fundamental principles ,. that the duties of religion, mo -- rality and good policy flow from the same source, conspire to the same end,, and mutually support and fortify each other; and in a word , that all the civil and human virtues, the laws of., nature , .and. nations are,. so to speak, but. consequences: of. THE LOVE. OF ORDER , - which is the eternal and, universal law of all intelligences . In a work . of' this nature , it is'neceffary to unbend the mind of' the reader, without carrying it off from its, principal objec' 'allu The flowers. should be thoughts, the graces noble and tender sentiments, the paintings : cdiaracters, and the 'a descriptions descriptions such pi&tires as may make ris at quainted with nature , and admire the Creator. The Author is fenfibie that he : is far from