belief of mankind we meet with something erroneous? One part of the human species are without even the possibility of coming at any other knowledge , than that which is obtained by oral tradition, or by their own immediate experience. Ignorant of the arts of registering ideas , whole N 3 nations nations are without any written books , hieroglyphics, or other standing memorials whatever. Because they are not benefited in these respects as we are, the contracted and prejudiced among us are in some degree disposed, to degrade them from the rank of human nature . Many nations, 'tis true, are differently circumfianced; they have written observations. But of what nature are they Voluminous tracts whose contents are absurdities, that are greedily devoured by an undiscerning multitude ! As As to the inestimable few , endued with superior abilities, who write in a rational and consistent manner, and whose clear discernment and sound understandings raise them above the ordinary level of mankindi how are they requited? Ignorance discovers not the truth of their observations; and, because they differ from the ignorant, they too often expose themselves to the censure of the greatest part of the World . Have then the nations, thus circumstanced, profited essentially by ihe advantages they possess? Elaborate fabricators of what have been N 4 erro erroneoufy esteemed unquestionable landards of refinement , seem either to have mistaken the interests, or to have intentionally imposed upon the senses of mankind . Inifead of giving vigour to their judgments , do they not labour to render them incapable of judging, and spread a gloomy influence over the whole conduct of their lives? The dupes of the arti sices of false systems and of fnper ftition, what virtuous models of per section! what peaceable and spotless mortals! Should such qualifications, fuchdelufions, characerife the statesmen or the monarchs of the world , ought we to be surprised, if, blind to the the real interests of society, they prove the tyrants or gothic rulers of mankind ! Unhappy, truly, is the lot of men that chance to be directed by those, who, in the momentous circumstances of life, are incapable to direct themselves! What pains are there not taken, to stop the inlets of all knowledge , to blind, or to confuse mankind ! Es fe&ually deceived, do not the greatest part of them thank their imaginary benefacors? Do they not too frequently pay the greater deference to men, in proportion as they propagate absurdities? And is it seriously thought thought, that deceiving mankind is the real interest of society? Granting that a small portion of the human species be atually benefited by obscurity, do they think that the rest participate the advantage? Can men thus artfully blindfolded trace the windings of nature ? Can we, short lighted of ourselves, and hoodwinked by others, make any progress inphil lofophical researches? Can we, amid such confusion of ideas , though possessed of the disposition, accomplish the purpose of doing justice either to ourselves or to our fellow-creatures? Is it possible for us, under such wretched circumftancesy to diftin guifl guifh what is really right or wrong, to fix with precision the boundaries of morality? The inhabitants of a celebrated portion of the globe style themselves the rational, the civilised, the intelligent of mankind . Yet, with all their boasted knowledge , are they not absurd enough to confine the existence of the world , and its vati appendages, the unbounded scenes of nature , to the trifling limits of a few thousand years? They have gazed at the written monuments of the Eaff, at the hieroglyphics, and the pyramids of Egypt. They have adopted, as wonders ders of antiquity, the labours of men that existed but a few centuries before themselves. The records of immediate predecessors, they have made the bounds of antiquity. Children of a day, they have given but a day to the existence of nature ! Prejudices too, which they are discerning enough to censure in others, lord it over their finer understandings. They laugh at the errors and incoherent notions of the rest of the world ; yet, inexcusably, are they captivated with similar delusions. Enemies to liberal investigation, when the result of it seems to contradict their their favoured opinions , they prefer, with a blind and unlimited confidence, the barbarous tenets of their uncivilised ancestors. As if not capable of difinguifhing obvious and simple truths from the most glaring contradicions and absurdities, they eagerly embrace the gross and efa blifhed superstition! They insist upon it that the animals, the vegetables, the human species, the world itself, with all the magnificent scenes of nature , are but of some thousand years existence! Unwilling to depart from such degrading and unwarrantable conclusions, they are even disposed to censure those who vindicate the the cause of nature and of truth . Innumerable are the monuments of the extensive influence of folly, and of the weakness and limited reach of human understanding! In the circle of existence, in vain do we seek for the beginning of things. How absurd and fruitless every recourse to calculation on the subject of antiquity! The ftrtch of human conception necessarily fails us; a multiplied series of numbers , of which we cannot possibly have any adequate idea , unavoidably leaves the matter removed at an unlimited distance. In short , ourselves, our lives, and and calculations, are but points 'in time and in nature ! Is there not then some reason for us to suspect, what in these days rarely enters into the imagination of any man, That there has ever been a succession of events, something similar to what is continually observed. That nature muff, through endless periods of duration, have aced by laws fixed and immutable. That That the human species have had, and will have, an uniform and eternal existence! In a word , that as there never was any beginning, so will there never be a conclusion to the existence of vegetables, animals, the world , the universe . SECT ON The Twentieth. A V I N G thus endeavoured to give an infight into the nature of things; and having