._______^~ most are forgotten, because they never deserved to be remembered, and owed the honours which they once obtained, not to judgement or to genius , to labour or to art, but to the prejudice of faetion, the itratagem of intrigue, or the servility of adulation. Nothing is more common than to find men whose works are now totally neglected, mentioned with praises by their contemporaries, as the oracles of their age, and the legislators of science. Curiosity is naturally excited, their volumes after long inquiry are sounds but seldom reward the labour of the search. Every period oftime has produced these bubbles of artificial fame , which are kept up a whil& by the breath of faihion and then break at once, and are annihilated. The learned often bewail the loss of ancient writers whose characters have survived their works ; but perhaps, if we could now retrieve them, we should find them only the Granvilles, Montagues, Stepneys, and Shefields of their time, and wonder by what infatuation or caprice they could be raised to notice. It cannot, however, be denied that many have sunk into oblivion, whom it were unjuftto number with this despicable class. Various kinds of literary fame seem destined to various measures of duration. Some spread into exuberance with a very speedy growth, but soon wither and decay; some rise more slowly, but lafl long,. Parnarus has its flowers of transient fragrance, as well as its oaks of towering height, and its laurels of eternal verdure., Among those whose reputation is exhausted in a Short time by its own luxuriance, are the writers who take advantage of present incidents or chr. B 2 rafters raers which firongly iitereft the paffons, and engage universal attention. It is not difficult to obtain readers, when we discuss a question which every one is desirous to understand, which is debated in every affemblv, and has divided the nation into parties; or when we display the faults or virtues of him whose public conduc has made almopt every man his enemy or his friend. To the quick circulation of such preduetions all the motives of interest and vanity concur; the disputant enlarges his knowledge , the zealot animates his pafion, and every man is desirous to inform himself concerning affairs so vehemently agitated and variously repre fcntcd. It is scarcely to he imagined, through how many fishordinations of intereft the ardour of party is diffused; and what multitudes fancy themselves affce ed by every satire or panegyric on a man of eminence. Whoever has, at any time, taken occasion to mention him with praise or blame, whoever happens to love or.hate any of his adherents, as he wishes to confirm his opilion, and to strengthen his party, willdiligentlyperufe every paper from which he can hopeforfentiments like his own. Anobjec, however small in itself, if placed near to the eye, will engross all the rays of light; and a transaction, however trivial, swells into importance when it presses immediately on our attention. He that shall peruse the political pamphlets of any pals reign, will wonder why they were so eagerly read , or so loudly praised. Many of the performances which had power to inflame factions, and fill a kingdom with confusion, have now very little effea upon.a frigid critic.; and the time is coming, when the compositions of later hirelings shall be equally despised. In 3 In proportion as those who write on temporary sub jeas, are exalted above their merit at first, they are afterwards depressed below it; nor can the brightest elegance of diction, or most artful subtlety of reasoning , hope for much esteem from those whose regard is no longer quickened by curiosity or pride. It is, indeed, the fate of controvertifts, even when they contend for philosophical or theological truth , to be soon laid aside and flightead Either the question is decided, and there is no more place for doubt and opposition; or mankind defpairof understanding it, and grow weary of disturbance.. themselves with quiet ignorance, and refute to be harassed with labours which they have no hopes of recompensing with knowledge . The authors of new discoveries may surely expest to be reckoned among those, whose writings are secure of veneration: yet it often happens tint the general reception of a doctrine obscures the books . inl which it was delivered. When any tenet is generally received and adopted as an incontrovertible principle , we seldom look back to the arguments upon which it was first established , or can bear that tediousness of deduction, and multiplicity of ovidence, by which its author was forced to reconcile it to prejudice, and fortify it in the weakness of novelty against obitinacy and envy. It is well known how much of our philosophy is derived from Boyle's discovery of the qualities of the air, yet of those who now adopt or enlarge his theory, very few have read the detail of his experiments. His name is, indeed, reverenced; but his works are neglected; we are contented to know, that he conquered his opponents, without inquiring what cavils were produced against him, or by what proofs they were confuted. B 3 So; n Some writers apply themselves to studies boundless and inexhaustible, as experiments and natural philosophy . These are always lost in successive compilations as new advances are made, and former observations become more familiar. Others spend their lives in remarks on language, or explanations of antiquities, and only afford materials for lexicographers and commentators, who are themselves overwhelmed by fubtequent collecors, that equally defrroy the memory of their predecessors hy amplifications, transposition, or contracion. Every new fr fem of nature gives birth to a swarm of expositors, whole business is to explain and illustrate it, and who can hope to exif no longer than the founder of their at preserves his reputation. There are, indeed, few kinds of composition from which an author , hcwever learned or ingenicus, can hope a long continuance of same. He who has carefully cfudied human nature , and can well describe it,