and veries of Thales thd although he composed verses, promulgated moral Milesian. sentences , and, on some particular emergencies, gave seasonable advice to his countrymen, yet he established his fame on a basis more broad and. 4s See the Sentences of Theognis, which are evidently a collcflion, not the work of one man. 43 Ariflot. Rhct. II at. Stobaus, Serm, p. 44, c. 44 Plut. Symp. VOL. II K perma HAP. permanent than the fluctuating interests of ptrilh, -. j ing communities. Many of the elementary propositions of geometry, afterwards collected by Euclid, were first discovered 4s by Thales, who di reted the acuteness of his mind with equal success to astronomy. He divided the heavens into five zones; discovered the equinoxes and solstices; remarked the Urfa Minor; observed, and nearly predicted, eclipses. The division of the year into three hundred and fixty five days was already known to the Egyptians; but although Thales might borrow this, and perhaps other discoveries, from that ancient people, among whom he sometime resided, it appears, even from those authors who are ever prone to exaggerate the wisdom of Egypt, that he owed much less to that country, than to the native sagacity and penetration of his clear comprehensive mind'. His chool Thales founded the Ionic school, in which he nr.d' i d fibri, was succeeded by Anaximander and Anaximenes, who were followed by Anaxagoras, the inftrutor of Pericles, and Archelaus, who is called by ancient writers the master of Socrates. About fifty years after Thales, the same speculations which he had introduced were pursued by Xenophanes of Colophon, Leucippus and Parmenides of Elea, and Heraclitus of Ephesus. These ingenious men discovered many useful truths ; yet all of them, not 4' Proclus in Euclid. '6 Hieronym. apud Laert. 1. i. C XXVII Plin. 1. XXXVIII C XVII oxcept excepting Thales himself, likewise buffed theme HA P. XLII selves with fubjets that will for ever excite and - elude human curiosity . Their doctrines were equally liable to objection, whichever of the elements they assumed as the first principle of nature ; they universally agreed in aferting the fallacy of the senses, and the unworthiness of the vulgar superstition; but their various opinions concerning the origin and deitrufion of worlds , the magnitudes and distances of heavenly bodies, the essence of matter and spirit, deserve only to be considered as the dreams of inquisitive men, whole ambition of knowledge carried them beyond the sphere of experience, and the clear dedu&ions of reason . The system of Leucippus, the most fa degenerate mous of them all, was improved by Democritus of ito atlhe Abdera, and afterwards adopted by Epicurus, whose philosophy is sufficiently explained in the extraordinary work of Lucretius, the boldest monument which the world is ever likely to behold, of learning , genius , and impiety. But it is particularly worthy of observation, that The sub at the same time Democritus assailed the celeitial lime phi mansions, and unveiled, with a daring hand, the Anaxago feeble majesty of Grecian fuperfttiion, Anaxagoras of Clazomene revealed a new and infinitely more august spectacle, by first announcing to the heathen world , a felf exiftent, all perfe& mind, as the great 47 See Diogen. Laert. 1. i. Ariflot. Metaph. paltim. & Plut. de Placit. Philofoph. 48 Laert. 1. IX Ariftot. Physic. 1. VIII K 2 cause C H A P. cause and author of the material world . Thales XIII, and Pythagoras, with such of their disciples as faithfully adhered to their tenets , had indeed admitted spirit as a constituent principle of the universe ; but they had so intimately blended mind. and matter, that these dissimilar substances seemed to make an indissoluble compound, as the soul and body constitute but one man. According to Anaxagoras, on the other hand, the creating and sovereign intelligence was to be carefully diftinguifled from the soul of the world , which he seems to have regarded merely as a poetical expression for the laws which the Deity had impressed on his works . The great Ruler of the universe did not animate, but impel matteri hc could not be included within its limited and perishing terms; his nature was pure and spiritual, and totally incapable of pollution by any corporeal admixture 9. The discovery and diffusion of this luminous and sublime principle , which was naturally followed by an investigation of the moral attributes of the Deity, and the deducing from thence the great duties of morality, might have produced a general and happy revolution in Greece, under the zealous and perievering labours of Socrates and his followers, if the tendency of this divine philosophy had not been counteracted, not only by the gross prejudices of the vulgar, but by the more dangerous refinements of incredulous Sophists. 49 arl.ot. Metaphyf. 1. i. C III Plato in Cratylo, & Plut. in y .cle. The The same spirit of inquiry, which, leads to the C HA P. discovery of truth , will often promote the propaga * --. tion of error; and unfortunately for Greece, in the Itinoun middle of the fifth century before Christ, errors teraaed by were propagated, so congenial to the condition of phils. the times, that they could not fail to take deep root, and flourish in a soil which was peculiarly well prepared to receive them. The glorious victories over the Carthaginians and Persians had increased the wealth and security, called forth the invention and industry, but, at the same time, multiplied the wants, and inflamed the passions, of the Greeks. The more powerful cities, and particularly Athens and Syracuse, had attained a pitch of prosperity which exceeded their most sanguine hopes; elated by the bloom of health and the pride of riches, they continually sighed for new and unknown enjoyments, while both individuals and communities were ever ready to listen to such inftruetors as justified their vices, and taught them to abuse the gifts of fortune. In this situation of affairs appeared the So Hitoryo'f phifts ", whose name, still familiar in the lan th, So guages of Europe, pretty