in public, to be unacquainted with them. In all the Ancient Rhetorical Writers , there is, indeed, this defec, that they are too systematical, as I formerly ihowed; they aim at doing too much; at reducing Rhetoric to a complete and perfeac Art, which may even supply invention with materials on every sub jea; insomuch that one would imagine they expc&ed to form an Orator by rule, in as mechanical a manner as one would form a Carpenter. Whereas, all that can, in truth , be done, is to give openings for assisting and enlightening Taste, and for pointing out to Genius the course it ought to hold. aristotle ARISTOTLE laid the foundation for all that was afterwards written on the fubjca. That amazing and comprehensive Genius which does honour to human nature , and which gave light into so many different Sciences, has investigated the principles of Rhetoric with great penetration. Aristotle appears to have been the first who took Rhetoric out of the hands of td! Sophiits, and introduced reasoning and good sense into the Art. Some of the profound ecf things which have been written on the passions and manners of men, are to be found in Uis Treatise on Rhetoric; though in this, as in all his writings, his great brevity often rend, : rs him obscure, Succeeding Rhetoricians, most of whom are now lost, improved on the foundation which Aristotle had laid. Two of them still remain, Demetrius Phalereus, and Dionysius of Halicarnassus; both write on the Conftrufion of Sentences , and deserve to be peruled; especially Dionysius, who is a very accurate and judicious Critic. I NEED scarcely recommend the rhetorical writings of Cicero. Whatever, on the sub jc& of Eloquence, comes from so great an Orator, must be worthy of attention. His most considerable work on this subjea is that Dc Oratore, in three books . None of Cicero's writings are more highly finished than this Treatise. The dialogue is polite; the charafcers are well supported, and the condut of the whole is beautiful and agreeable. It is, indeed, full of digressions, and his rules and observations may be thought sometimes too vague and general . Useful things, however, may be learned from it; and it is no small benefit to be made.acquainted with Cicero's own idea of Eloquence. The " Orator ad M. Brutum," is also a considerable Treatise; and, in general , throughout all Cicero's rhetorical works there run rhofe high and sublime ideas of Eloquence, which are fitted both for forming a just taste, and for creating that enthusiasm for the Art, which is of the greatest consequence for excelling. in it. Burr, of all the Ancient Writers on the subjea of Oratory, the most inftrufive, and mod useful, is Quintilian. I know few books which abound more with good sense, and discover a greater degree of just and accurate taste, than qoincilian's Institutions. Almost all the principles of good Criticism are to be found in them. He has digested into excellent order all the ancient ideas concerning Rhetoric, and is, at the same time, himself an eloquent Writer . Though some parts of his work contain too much of the technical and artificial system then in vogue, and for that reason may be thought dry and tedious, yet I would not advise the omitting to read any part of his Institutions. To Pleaders at the Bar, even these technical parts may prove of some use. Seldom has any person, of more sound and diftina judgement than Qginailian, applied himself to the study of the Art of Oratory. T t 2 L E C T U R E XXXV COMPARATIVE MERIT OF THE ANCIENTS AND THE MODERNS historical WRITING. H AVE now finished that part of the Course which refpeaed Oratory, or Public Speaking, and which, as far as the subject allowed, I hare endeavoured to form into some sort of system . It remains, that I enter on the consideration of the moult distinguished kinds of Composition both in Prose and 'Verse, and point out the principles of Criticism relating to them. This part of the work might easily be drawn out to a great length; but I am sensible, that critical discussions, when they are pursued too far, become both trifling and tedious. I shall study , therefore, to avoid unnecessary prolixity; and hope, at the same time, to omit nothing that is very material under the several heads. I SHALL follow the same method here which I have all along pursued, and without which, these le&ures could not be entitled to any attention; that is, I shall freely deliver my own opinion on every subject ; regarding authority no farther, than as it appears to me founded on good sense and reason . In former Leaures, as I have often quoted several of the ancient classics for their beauties, so I have also, sometimes, pointed out their defets] Hereafter, I filall have occasion Co do the same, when treating of their writings under more general heads. It may be fit, therefore, that, before proceeding farther, I make some observations on the comparative merit of the Ancients and the Moderns; in order that we may be able to ascertain rationally, upon what foundation that deference rests, which has so generally been paid to the Ancients. These observations are the more necessary, as this sub jea has given rise to no small controversy in the Republic of Letters; and they may, with propriety, be made now, as they will serve to throw light on some things I have afterwards to deliver, concerning different kinds of Composition. IT is a remarkable phenomenon, and one which has often employed the speculations of curious men, that writers and artists, most diftinguifled for their parts and Genius , have generally appeared in considerable numbers at a time. Some ages have been remarkably barren in them; while, at other periods, nature seems to have exerted herself with a more than ordinary effort, and to have poured them forth with a profuse fertility. Various reasons have been afflgned