] keen sagacity, many demonstrable prascical propositions, and of thewing how such or such truths flow from a demonstration in so easy and clear a manner, as to discover its dependence upon the proposition, whence it is deduced, 'lmoft as loon as proposed and put into words . Thus the soul is an image of GOD, who has the universal system of truth in the grasp of his infinite understanding. These astonishing and noble perfections, with many others, are the properties of a human soul, which show it to be an intelligent and spiritual being, of a nature quite different from that of matter, however modified or put into motion. Could the blind shuffles of dead matter, however put into the mos violent and rapid motion, ever produce the glorious effects of intelligence and thought? Could a heap of sand in motion ever produce Euclid's problems and.theorems in geometry? Could a pile of aflles, put into rapid motion, ever produce Homer's Iliad, or Virgil's Pastorals and )Eneid? Could any refined animal spirits ever produce the copious and charming orations of Cicero, or the amazing energy and irresistible eloquence of Demosthenes? Could [ 59 3 Could a mountain of dust, in a violent whirl, compose Milton's Paradise lost? Could a prodigious whirlwind, or a vessel full of the most volatile and rectified spirits, ever compose Sir Isaac Newton's Mathematic Principles of Philosophy , or Mr. Locke's excellent Essay on the Human Underifanding? Who can believe there monstrous absurdities, unless he be a supid fool, a drivelling idiot, or downright raving madman? VII A distinct and extensive VIEW of the POWERS and AFPECTIONS of the soul, will farther evince its IMMORTALITY. I. UNDERSTANDING. This is called by different names, viz. Common-sense, or that power which perceives truth by a sudden impulse, independent of our will, according to an established law ; and therefore called sense: and acing, in the same manner, upon all men, in all ages and natiors of the world i and therefore called common-sense. Intelligence is a power of perceiving , in an instant, the felf evidence of any truth proposed to the soul. Intelligence relates chiefly to those axioms , or truths , which carry their own evidence with them, and admit of no doubt: they cannot be proved, H 2 because [ 60 ] because nothing is more clear and certain: they cannot be denied, because their own evidence is so bright and convincing, that as soon as the terms or words are understood, the mind assents, and is forced to own their truth . This intelligence , or common-sense, is the grand criterion of truth . For our own intuitive and felf evident perceptions, are the ultimate foundation on which all our reasoning rests. The understanding is only another name for common-sense, or intelligence . It is the power of perceiving objects, or it is that faculty whereby the soul has the knowledge of the existence and nature of things. The understanding, like the eye, gives information of all objects proposed to it. The understanding, or perceptive faculty of the soul, may be considered in two modes; passive and acive: passive, or a mere capacity of receiving ideas or images of things: acive, or a power of contemplating and working upon the ideas received: thus it approaches to the next power of the soul, called, II REASON Is the power of placing ideas together, and comparing them with each other, in order to see their agreement or difference, and to infer one thing [ 61 ] thing from another, and thus draw just conclusions from true and clear principles ,, that is, make fair deducions from solid axioms and self evident truths . DEMONSTRATION Is the regular and beautiful process of reason , or in other words , it is a chain of clear reasoning , beginning from some plain and undoubted axiom , and regularly descending, by a close connexion of ideas , till you come at your conclusion. III JUDGEMENT Is a power of perceiving the relation or refpe' that one thing be ars to another, and of distinguishing the propriety or impropriety of actions. It is that power of the soul which passes sentence on things proposed to its examination, and determines what is right or wrong; and thus it approves or disapproves of an action, or an ob iect, considered as true or false, sit or unfit, good or evil. IV MIND Is a power of receiving inftrution, and of ap. plication, by hard study , to attain knowledge . The mind can reflec on things past, and hath a foresight of things to come in the natural and moral world . The mind hath an admirable sagacity or acuteness [ 62 ] ness of discovery to see into future events, and to discern the happy or terrible consequences of tempers and a&tions, considered as morally good or evil. The mind can foresee and forecast, or provide for things to come, and guard against many ruinous consequences by the acuteness of its powers in the discovery of truth . V CONSCIENCE Is a power of discerning instantly moral good and evil in our tempers and ations. Conscience is the knowledge which a man hath of his own internal actions with regard to the divine law , and a consciousness that GOD gives an attention to, and passes judgement on, the same actions. A good conscience is soon alarmed, easily convinced, much concerned, hard to forgive itself. When conscience performs its office with accuracy and exactness, it will accuse a man when he does wrong, and commend and applaud him when he does right; hence will arise peace of mind or dread of punishment in a moment: in a word , conscience is instead of ten thousand witnesses to the existence and justice of GOD. VI MEMORY Is a power of retaining the sacs, images, and words , we learn ; and recollecing those facts , and [ 63 ] and recalling them to mind on every needful occasion When an idea , sat, image, expression, or word , arises in the mind, with a consciousness at the same instant of