unexampled severity, the miserable Author is folemnlyinterdieted from transcribing, even from reading , his own compositions! WE might from hence be led to imagine, that when the authority of an ancient philosopher was held so sacred, philosophy itself must have been thoroughly underfood, and cultivated with uncommon success. But the attachment of those Doctors was to a name, not to truth , or valuable science: and our Author 'Launoii, torn, IV p. zo, ij oth May, An. 1543. very very jutly compares them to the Olympic Wrestlers, who abflained from necessary labours, that they might be fit for such as were not so *. Under their management, it was a philosophy of words and notions , that seemed to exclude the study of nature ; that instead of inquiring into the properties of bodies, into the laws of motion by which all effecs are produced, was conversant only in logical definitions, diftinfcions, and abstractions, utterly barren and unproductive of any advantage to mankind . The great aim of those solemn triflers was rather to perplex a dispute than to clear up any point of useful disquisition; to triumph over an enemy, than to enlarge the knowledge , or better the morals of their followers. So that this captious philosophy was a real obstacle to all advances in sound learning , human and divine. After it had been adopted into the chrifian theology, far from being of use to explain and ascertain mysteries; it served only to darken and render doubtful the most necessary truths ; by the chicanery of argumentation with which it supplied each sea, in defence of their peculiar and favourite illusions. To To extravagant a height did they carry their idolatry of Aristotle, that some of i Bacon's Apothegprs, them them discovered , or imagined they discovered in his writings, the doctrine of the Trinity; that others published formal dissertations to prove the certainty of his salvation, though a heathen: and that a patriarch of Venice is said to have called up the Devil expressly, in order to learn from him the meaning of a hard wored in Aristotle's physics. But the crafty Demon, who' perhaps did not understand it himself, answered in a, voice so low and inarticulate, that the good prelate knew not a word he said. This was the famous Her molaus Barbaro. The Greek word , that occasioned his taking.fo extraordinary a step, is the Entelechia of the peripatetics, from whence the schoolmen raised their substantial forms: ard which Leibnitz, towards the end of the last century, attempted to revive in his Theory ofmotion. THE Reformation itself, that diffused a new light over Europe, that set men upon inquiring into errors and prepossessions of every kind, ferved.only to confirm the dominion of this philosophy : protestants as well as papists entrenching themselves behind the authority of Aristotle, and defending their several tenet ? Bail, art, Barbaro, VOL, III M by the weapons with which he furnished them. This unnatural alliance, of theology with the peripatetic doctrines , rendered his opinions not only venerable but sacred: they were reckoned as the landmarks of faith and reason both, which to pull up or remove, would be daring and impious. Innovations in philosophy , it was imagined, would gradually sap the very foundations of religion, and in the end lead to downright atheism. If that veil of awful obscurity, which then covered the face of nature , should be once drawn; .the rash curiosity of mankind would lead them to account for all appearances in the visible world , by second causes, by the powers of matter and mechanism: and thus they might come insensibly to forget or. neglect the great original cause of all. This kind of reasoning convinced the multitude , overawed the wiser few , and effeaually put a flop to the progress of useful knowledge . SUCH, .in general , were the dilpofitions of mankind .when Sir Francis Bacon came into the world : whom we will not confider.as the founder.of anew set, but as the great affertorof human liberty against them all; as One who rescued reason and truth from the slavery in which which they had been held till then by each fe alike. A plausible hypothesis, a thining theory, are more amusing to the imagination, and a ihorter way to fame , than the patient and humblemethod of experimenting, of pursuing nature through all her labyrinths by fa: and observation; no wonder , therefore, that a philosophy , built on this principle , could not, at first, make any sudden or general revolution in the learned world . But it's progress, like that of time, quiet, slow and sure, has in the end been mighty and universal . He was not however the first among the moderns who ventured to diffenz from Aristotle. Ramus, Patricius, Bruno, Southeast. verinus, to name no more, had already attacked the authority of that tyrant in learning , who had long reigned as absolutely over the opinions , a: his restless pupil had of old affeaed to do over the perfonsof men. But there writers invented little that was valuable themselves, however jufily they might reprehend many things in him. And as to the real improvements made in some parts of natural knowledge , before our author appeared, by Gilbert, Harvey,; Copernicus, Father Paul, and fsme few others, they are well known, and have been deservedly celebrated. Yec there was still want. ing one great and comprehensive plan, that might M 2 embrace embrace the almorf infinite varieties of science, and guide our inquiries aright in all. This Sir Francis Bacon at firs conceived, in it's utmofi extent; to his own Iaiting honour, and to the general utility of mankind . If we sland surprised at the happy imagination of such a system , our surprise redoubles upon us when we refiex, that he invented and methodized this system , pcrfeced so much, and fetched out so, much more of it, amidfi the drudgery of business and the civil tumults of a court. Nature seems to have intended him peculiarly for this province, by bellowing on him with a liberal hand all the qualities requisite; a fancy