in all its parts and movements, the mind itself in all its operations and passions, are the fields of perception and consciousness. In each, fads are successively admitted, in ad X dition PART I. dition to those which had been already observed; and, until old caap.iii. ECT. XI Qage begin to impair the powers of recollection and melnory, every - new incident becomes an accession to the sum of knowledge . In the terms, History and Science, as hath been already observed, we may include the different modifications of human apprehension, either as it relates to particular sacs, or to the general order in which they are connected together. History consists in the detail of particulars: Science consists in the knowledge of general principles and their applications. The world presents an indefinite number of individual beings, and of operations, sacs, and events. To perceive , and to remember a particular objec does not appear to be above the competence of mere animal life: But the talk of intelligence is greatly superior. This task is to observe, in the multitude of individuals, the specific character; in the multitude of species, to observe the generic description; in the multitude of genera, to observe the class or order of being, under which they may be separately ranged; and, in the multitude of operations and fats, to observe the law of nature , according to which they proceed. Such is the order of things resulting from the energy of Eternal Providence, or, in the language of Plato, Such are the ideas of Eternal Mind, which, when thus realised, furniflh an object of contemplation congenial to the apprehension even of created intelligence , though greatly extended beyond the limits of its actual comprehcnfion. Even to the human mind, a world of particulars is agreeable, so far only as the general form is understood; and the natural plrogrfc; progress of knowledge , to which men aspire with so much avi PART I. dity, is, from particular specimens, to the general combination secr. XII and system of the whole. Multiplicity without order diftraas Y and perplexes the mind; and the highest species of suffering, perhaps, that could be devised for a being merely intelligent , would be for him to look round on a world of numberless individuals, of which no two had any resemblance or connelion together. The present world were actually such a chaos to the human mind, if it were not qualified to single out what the Grecian philosopher abovementioned calls the One in many, and to wield the indefinite multitude of things, under general denominations expressive of the common description or form in which numbers agree. The knowing is diffinguifhed from tlc ignorant, no doubt, by the greater number of particulars he has perceived or observed; but still more by his proficiency in comprehending the many under the few denominations, in which they are or may be flated. And the superiority of science to ignorance cannot, perhaps, be better illustrated, than by comparing the cafe of a person who can read , to that of another to whom the use of letters is entirely unknown. To the mere illiterate savage, the multiplied pages of a book , with all its individual type marks or characters, form a mass of inextricable confusion and perplexity, from which he turns away with difguf and horror. I once turned up the pages of a book to Oilai, the native of Otaheite, who was lately in nglland; and he appeared to be so much diflreffed, that I repented I h.il done so. Such, also, to a mind which had no dif 4ernimcnt of meaning or order in the system of nature , would be VOL. I. M nl the parr I. the indefinite multitude of particulars, detached from one another, CHAP. III HECT. XI or in which no system could be perceived . But as to a person who has learned to read , the pages before him are diftinguithed into sentences and periods of description, narration, or argument, under general titles o f composition; as Sentences are resolvable into words , and these into letters, classed into vowels and consonants, with their refpeaive powers of articulation or found; no embarrassment or perplexity arises from the apparent multiplicity of type marks on every page, nor from the mere multiplicity of pages, in a work which is otherwise properly executed. Such we may conceive to be the universe of God to the mind that comprehends it; or rather, perhaps, to the almighty and intelligent power of its Creator alone. An author of much authority , * in his introduction to a translation of some Hindoo verses on the subj et of the Creation, observes, " That the difficulties attending the vulgar notion of " material fubitances, induced many of the wisest among the " ancients, and some of the most enlightened among the moderns, " as well as the Hindoo philosophers, to believe that the whole "creation was rather an energy than a work , by which the infinite Mind, who is present at all times and in all places, exhi " bits to his creatures a set of perceptions like a wonderful pic" " or piece of music, always varied yet always uniform. With less violence to the ordinary perceptions of men, we may indeed confider the material world as made, not for itself, but for the mutual communication of minds, and forming, a system of signs " Sir William Jones. signs and exprefflons, in which the infinite Author makes himself PART I. known to his intelligent creatures. It is a magnificent but regular CHAP. IL SECT. XI discourse, composed of parts and subdivisions, proceeding, in the wy original or creative mind, from generals to particulars; but, in the mere observer, to be traced by .a laborious induction from the indefinite variety of particulars, to some notion of the general mould or forms in which they are cast. To the comprehending mind, as the variety offubjeds in nature is reduceable to a few genera, species, and classes of being; so the operations