who are agitated in the busy walk of life, by the common pursuits ofintereit and pleasure. The metaphysician thinks his labours of great importance to the happiness of mankind , and would be not a little mortified to find, that in the great numbers who compose the community to which he belongs, and for whole more immediate edification he consumes the midnight oil, a very small Fart knows that there ever existed such men as Berkley or Hume; and that, if they knew, and could underfand their works , they would prefer the opportunity of earning a penny, or enjoying a good dinner, to all the advantage that ever could be derived from a conviction that matter exified not, or that the old principles of morals were erroneous. But though this may be true of those docrinal opinions , which are too abftraaed for vulgar apprehension, yet it will be found, that there are speculative notions , which, as they require no great improvement of understanding to be comprehended, are adopted as axioms as loon as proposed, and permitted to influence the conduct of life. He who is a convert to materialism, a doctrine of late unhappily recommended by virtuous and well-meaning writers , will certainly lose some refiraints which operated favourably on his morals. It is true, the writer who thus gives it all the recommendation his subtlety can supply, though he speaks the dictates of conviction, is perhaps not apparently corrupted. But a reasonable cause may be assigned for his escaping the effelt of the poison which he he bears about him. He is probably a man of letters; leads a life remote from violeat temptations; has acquired habits of virtue.; and, perhaps, from the rac tice of reasoning and disputation, can maintain or explode opinions , which concern the most important in *terefs of his fellow-creatures, with all the indifference of a bystander;; his opinions are plausibly supported; they are pleasing to the lover of novelty; they afford a fancied consolation to the vicious, and they are read by those who want a fanaion for flagitious con duc, who wish to be furnished with arguments to make proselytes to vice, and who are desirous of silencing the, voice of conscience by the fallacies of sophistry. They .are read by the young and the gay, as a system of philosophy newly discovered , which far surpasses the antiquated doctrines of the received moralifl, and as favourable to those ideas , which they gladly embrace, onr the expediency of unlimited indulgence. That ridicule is an infallible criterion of truth , is an opinion , from its peculiar correspondency to the taste of the greater part of mankind , much more prevalent, and therefore more detrimental in the common intercourse of life. Men destitute of delicacy, and that solid merit which is usually accompanied with diffidence, often rise to the highest eminence, acquire the largelr fortunes, fill the moult important offices, and give law to the sentiments as well as pracice of others. These, judging from themselves, have no adequate idea of the dignity of human nature , and the comparative perfecion of which it is capable. They perhaps have been uniformly. vicious, yet have had the temporal reward of virtue; they have been ignorant, yet have 'been admired for their wisdom; they have despised all the precepts of moral philosophy , and by dint of that es frontery which natural want of feeling inspires, have railed themselves to fame and fortune. Bold through the natural presumption of ignorance, and still farther elated by success, by the flattery, by the attentions which are paid to the most undeserving prosperity, they learn to laugh at all the serious part of the world , who 'who are defrauding their genius , as it is called, in the rigid servitude of a fanciful virtue. No wonder then that ridicule prevails in the lower orders ; for rank, fortune, and spirit, without the leaks portion of learning and philosophy , are at any time able to raise a multitude of admirers, and to efiablifl a fafhicn. When men, with very few other recommendations than the absence of modeity, become the leaders of a nation, a taste for RIDICULE, or, in other words , a malicious desire of levelling the exaltation of indigent virtue to the standard of worthless grandeur , will become general among all ranks. This taste, which tends to vilify all that can adorn and ennoble a human creature, has been too common in every long established and corrupted community. He mull have remarked but little, who has not seen its baneful influence in our own times and country. All the cardinal virtues, if the efforts of certain gross spirits could prevail, would be laughed out of countenance, and no semblance of them be left anonglft us but the unfubilantial and imitating phan tc.i, ..iopern HONOUP. Let us trace the progress of some ingenuous youth, emerging from an uncorrupted seminary to his itation in the active world . In the retirements of study , he has formed advantageous ideas of that life, on which he is now to enter. His heart glows with virtuous and benevolent purposes. He has been reading of those legislators, heroes, philosophers, patriots, who Shine with lutlre in the page of history, and who derived all their fpiendour from their virtue. He longs to emulate them. He values himself little on his birth or fortune, if he has them, but owns he feels a conscious dignity arising from his acquirements, his learning , his comprehensive views , his liberal and disinterested intentions. He loves fame , and hopes to obtain by deserving it. Thus principled , suppose him introduced, where his fortune leads him, among some of the ancient nobles of the land; the hereditary or the elected lawgivers of his country, assembled at their usual places of resort, a cockpit, a horfe race, a chocolate houfe, or a water ing place. He is struck dumb with astonishment. He finds finds he has hitherto dwelled on fairy ground, where all was enchantment. The fancied scene is vanished. He feels himfelfawkward. His accomplishments are