VL.C THE R U LE OF L I F E: ". A, C O L L E C T ION OF SELECT MORAL SENTENCES , EXTRACTED TROI THE GREATEST AUTHORS , ANCIENT AND MODERN, AND DIGESTED UNDER PROPER HEADS. Kinow tahyfelf. D E L O R A C L 0 N D 0 N. Printed for R.CRIWDER, C WARE, andt. PAIN. MDCCLXXVI. I .... 'T H E R E F A C E. ft rhe great ornament of the accom I plifted gentleman, is his perffet know: : of things, and deep infpetioro to .th. principle characters of men. He that aims at this knowledge , says the learned Gracia must make a collecion of all ood thoughti boksj of apothegms, or heroical xpreffi! wife mens axioms and obfervations.&c. No the laying together these necessary' mateji as afoundation, is the work of the follow4i sheets: but the superstructure must be the rea er's part, and can only be perfeeted by himself.' that is, by application and practice. Precepts , when contrasted into Sentences ' firike the affetions, and are more easily 'r. tained: and a few useful ones at hand, accordi ing to Seneca, do more towards a Hap H [ Life, than whdle volumes of cautions thatw .know not whereto. find. : Of the variety of books , of this nature tb'a are. publifled, few anfwor the design; atid a.ofk ^ of them are filled with low and. trivial matter, : that affords little inftrufion or improvementc ' Yet as 'some good things are interfpcrfied,, ': mong them, these I have here trand)aantc4'.: and acknowledge these papers to be so far s '-. riched by them. But the major part i cxsi ti ted from the writings of the most e'"b. - Philosophers, Divines, and Mosaliftas, there approved Authors , that have written in the Sententious way. My endeavour has been, to follow Nature , and keep close to Truth . What fetmed to be abstruse, is made clear; and what prolix, con traeted in as few words as possible; not to lore their strength and beauty. It cannot be expet ed, that every sentence should have the authority of a Maxim . Stars differ in brightness: yet those that rhine the least, may have their influences. It was neither pracicable, nor did I think it .Dcciary, to clog every line or sentence with Citation; for what is good, will stand so, without any great name to support it. But as Come are curious of knowing who speaks, as well as what is said, I have to several passages mentioned from whence they were taken. The whole is a picture of Human Life, wherein the Passions, Follies, and foibles of mankind are delineated, and expressed in their proper colours: Virtue is set forth in the most amiable light; and Vice exposed in its natural deformiity. A Compendium of Moral Institutes and and Counsels, drawn from the best Writers , will be always entertaining to ingenious minds. And to make the reading the more agreeable, the greatest part is digefied under proper heads; the rest are miscellaneous: every page containing such variety of useful refletions, as to yield at once both profit and pleasure. /'' THE C O N T E N T S. Page. Of Educaton, Genius , Precept , and Example r Of Custom, Novelty, and Opinion 7 Of Law , yjflice, Injury, andoppreflin io Of Temperance, Prudence, and Fortitude 6 ' Of Anger and Revenge - Of Ambition, Avarice, Pride, and Prodigality $5 Of Envy and detraclion 35 Of Hope, Fear, Anxietj, and Difrufit 40. Of the Government of the Paions 45 Of Vanity, Folly, and Afetation. 50 Of Human Learning , its Use and Insufficiency 54. Of Prosperity and Adverfty, Contentment and Hu wmility. ^ C 7t' Of friend/hip (ó& o' 78 Of Company, Convtrfation, and Deportment 89 Of the Generous Mind 109 Of Benefits, Gratitude, and Ingratitude i18 Of Honours, and of the Great 120 Of Merit and Reputation, Praie and Flattery 131 Of Wealth, Luxury, and the Pursuit of Pleasures 140 Of Women, Love, and Marriage 155 Of Trufh, Lying, and Difimulation 163 1ifcellanies 169 coawn/els 193 Of Time, Butfnefs, and Recreation 202 Of Retirement, and the Private Life 209 Of Scepticifmi and Infidelity 213 Refletions, Moral and Divine 229 Of Death and Eternity 242 Of Religion. 255 e3 T H E EL R U L E OF L I F E. Of Education, Genius , Frecept, and Example. H E great bufimefs of man is, to improve his mind, and govern his manners. M. urdl. The educator's care, above all things, should be, first to lay in his charge the foundation of religion and virtue. Walker. What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to a human soul. The philosopher, the saint, and the hero; the wife, the good, or the great man very often lie hid and concealed in a plebeian; which a proper education might have disinterred, and have brought to light. speciator. If we inquire after the cause that men grow every day more loose in their principles , and vicious in their practises, it seems to be, that in the places of education of persons of all ranks, there is no book taught that has any relation to the sacred writings. Be; san Parents are commonly more careful to bestow wit on their children thanvirtue; the art of peak ig wellrather than doing well: but their manners ught to be the great concern. Dr Fuller. That man mutt have a strange value for words , how ad ig!'· -- il VJ ia '*^^^ ^^^/^ts^iivsr l L when he can think it worth while to hazard the innocence and virtue of his son, for a little Greek and Latin; whilfi he should be laying the solid foundations of knowledge in his mind, and furnishing itwith jus rules to direa his future progress in life. Mr Locke. The subject of duties is the mol useful part of philosophy . Cicero. EX To be prudent. hone and good, are infinitely higher accomplillhments, than the being nice, florid, learned , or