happy, in any degree to promote, by having fitted and prepared them for the ready and commodious perusal of every reader. a4 XVII A Preliminary DISC O U R S E, extracted from Particular Pieces of Mr. B 0 rl E; And Serving as a GENERAL PREFACE to his PHILOSOPHICAL WRITINGS. y/"~is, in my opinion , one of the principal impediments to the advancement of natural philosophy , that men have been so forward to write systems of it. When an author , after having cultivated only a particular branch ofphyfics, sets himself down to give a complete body of them, he finds himself, by the nature of his undertaking, and the laws of method, engaged to write of many things wherewith he is unacquainted; whence he is reduced , either idly to repeat what, perhaps, has already been impertinently delivered on the subject ; or to say anything of it, to avoid saying nothing. But the specious and promising titles of these fyftem writers are apt to persuade the unwary, that all the parts of natural philosophy have already been sufficiently explained; and, consequently, that it were needless for them to be at any farther expense and trouble in making inquiries into nature ; the business being done to their hands. And no less prejudicial is the way of writing to the reputation of the author himself. For it frequently happens, that when a writer , to vent a few particular notions , or discoveries of his own, presumes to give a body of philosophy , that part which is truly his, though' excellent in its kind, seems either lost in the crowd of things he has borrowed from others, and so comes to be overlooked by the reader; or else the tedious and ungrateful repetitions of things, several times read in other authors , occasions the whole book to be thrown aside, as a rhapsody of trite and vulgar notions , unworthy the perusal : whence, what would vol. 1. C have 1 _ · have made an excellent and fubfantial essay, pafres but for a dull and empty book . The worst inconvenience is still behind; for whilst this vanity of writing, either systems , or nothing, is indulged, many useful notions or experiments, are by sober and modest men suppressed; because their judgement and integrity forbid them to teach more than they under sand, or to assert more than they can prove: whence, of consequence, this pernicious custom prevents them from publishing their thoughts and observations, till they are numerous enough to swell a system . So that I am afraid the fyftem writers have hindered the world from much more useful composures than their own. For there are very few men, if any, enriched with a sufficient stock of experiments and observations to make out clearly and solidly, I will not say all the phenomena of nature , but of any Subordinate branch of physics. And those who are diligent and judicious enough, thoroughly to study any part of philosophy , will, from the difficulties and uncertainties they find therein, be the most backward of all men to write systems . And what we have thus said of universal fyftem writers , is proportionably applicable to those who pretend to give us complete accounts of chemistry, or any other considerable and comprehensive part of natural philosophy . Though' I must own, that from these attemps, which are much less difficult than the former, mankind has received considerable advantages; how short soever the authors may have fallen of their pompous titles. Nor would I discourage the publication of a. system of philosophy , or any part of it, from time to time, by some very intelligent writer , taken from the best authors and observations then extant; for such a work may be serviceable in many respects, if it contain any considerable improvements in knowledge , more than the last work of the same nature . But, for my own part; I am very sensible of the want of a sufficient stock of experiments and observations, to write systematically. And, indeed, I cannot but impute many of the deficiencies in the reasonings of Aristotle, and other celebrated philosophers to their having too hastily, and without due observation, or a sufficient number of experiments, presume to deliver axioms , and establish principles . For the theories that are built but upon a few obvious experiments, are very liable to be overthrown by a fuller inquiry into nature . And, truly, if men were willing to regard the advancement of philosophy , more than their own reputations, it were easy to make them sensible, that one of the most considerable services they could do the world is, to set themselves diligently to make experiments, and collect observations, without attempting to establish theories upon them, before they have taken notice of all the phenomena that are to be solved. I would not, however, debar men from reasoning upon experiments, and endeavouring to discern , as early as possible, the agreements, differences, and tendencies of things; such an absolute suspension of the rational faculty is, perhaps, impossible at leas, 'twould be Preliminary Difoourfe. ibe exceeding irksome. It Sometimes conduces to the discovery of truth , 'to frame an hypothesis to solve a difficulty; for the understanding may II be instructed, even by its own errors. What I wilh for, with regard to ifyftems, is, that men would always procure a number of experiments proportionable to the extensiveness of the theory to be built upon .them and, in the next place, that such kind of fuperftrucures should be looked upon only as temporary, and preferable, indeed, to others, as being the least imperfect; yet not entirely to be acquiesced in, as incapable of farther improvements and useful alterations. Thus much for the inconveniences of the systematical way of writing; whereto that which we, in imitation of the French, call essay, seems : direcly opposite. 'Tis, certainly, a great convenience to this latter manner of writing, that the reader need not be tired with tedious repetitions of what others have said; and that the author , being at liberty to break off