'THE '-1 1) RULE of LIFE:. IN S E L EC T SENTENCES , COLLECTED FROM - The greatest A U T H 0: R Ancient and Modern. -«. KNOW THYSELF. Del. Orac. The SIXTH EDITION, Improved., LONDON, Printed for J. H N TO N, at the King' Arms, in ne.zgate frect. M.DCC.LVIII. .·".. : -' -~~~;; 3 PREFACE. THE greatest Ornament of the Accomplished Gentleman, is his per sea Knowledge of Things, and deep In fpesion into the principal Charalters of Men. He that aims at this Knowledge , says the Learned Gracian, must make a collesion of ell good Thoizugts in Books ; of Apophthegms, or Heroical Ex pri /ions, tife Mens Axioms , and Observations, enough, the laying .together these nece//ry Materials as a Foundation , is the Wtork oath following Sheets; but the Supeiflructure mufj be the Reader's Part, and can only be perfected by Hinfelf; that is, by Application and Practice. A 2 Precepts , Precepts , when contracted into Sentences , strike the a.fetions, and are more easily retained: And a few useful ones at hand (according to Seneca) do more towards a Happy Life, than whole Volumes of Cautions, that we know not where to fid. Of the Variety of Books of this Nature , that are publijhed, few anjwer the Design; and mopi of them. are filled with low and trivial Matter, that ajfords little Inftrugtion or Improve nent; yet as Jfme good Things are interspersed among them, those I have here transplanted, and iicknowlege these Papers to be so far enriched by them: But the major Part is extracded from the Writings of the moji Eminent Philosophers, Divines, and Moralists, and other Approved Authors , that have written in the Sententious Way. Mly Endeavour has been to follow Nature , and keep. close to Truth . Wthat seemed to be Abstruse, is made clear; clear; and what Prolix, contrabted in as few Words as pofible, not to lose their Strength and Beauty.. It cannot be expected, that every Sentence Should have the Authority of a Maxim : Stars differ in brightnejs; yet those that Shine the leajf, may have their Influences. It was neither prabticable, nor did I think it nece.fry, to clog every Line or Sentence with Citation; for what is good, will Jfand Jo, without any great Name to support it: But as some are curious of knowing who speaks, as well as what is said, I have to several pafj sages mentioned from whence they were taken. The Whole is a pie ure of Human Life, wherein the Passions, Follies, and Foibles of Mankind , are delineated and expre/ed in their proper Colours: Virtue is set forth in' the mojl amiable Light; and Vice exposed in its natural Deformity. A 3 A Coma Compendium of Moral Inflitutes and Counsels, drawn from the begs Writers , will be always Entertaining to ingenious Minds. And to make Reading the more agreeable, the greatest Part is digested under proper Heads; the rest are Miscellaneous: Every Page containing such Variety of useful Re ftelions, as to yield at once both Profit and Pleasure. a? THE il.. p -. L I, HE i T H E CO N TENTS. O F Education, Genius , Precept , and. Example. Page i .Of Cufiom, Novelty, and Opinion . 9 Of Law , yutice, Injury, and Oppression. 13 Of Temperance, Prudence, and Fortitude. 20 Of Anger, and Revenge. 25 Of Ambition, Avarice, Pride, and Prodigality. 33 Of Envy, and Detrabion. .45 Of Of Hope, Fear, Anxiefy, and Dif true. * 51 Of the Govuerment of the Paions. 57 Of Vanity, Folly, and Affeiation. 62 Of Human Learning ; its Use, and In Sfficiency. 67 Of Prosperity, and Adversity; Contentment, and Humility. 86 Of friend/fip. 93 Of Company, Conversation, and Deportment. o06 Of the Generous Mind. 128 Of Benefits, Gratitude, and Ingratitude. 139 Of Honours, and of the Great. 142 Of Merit, and Reputation; Praise, and Flattery. 154 Of Wealth, Luxury, and' the Pursuit of Pleasures. 164 Of Women, Love, and Marriage. 182 Of Of Truth , Lying, and Diimulation. 190 Miscellanies. 198 Counsels. 224 Of Time, bujinefs, and Recreation. 235 Of Retirement, and the Private Life. 244 Of Scepticism, and Infidelity. .250 reflecions, Moral, and Divine. 267 Of Death, and Eternity. 283 THE ·- ~tii 'T H E : RULE of LIFE. 2 i, i i i m i i Of EDUCATION, GENIUS , PRECEPT , and EXAMPLE. - H E great Business of Man is, to improve his Mind, and govern his Manners. M. Aurel. The Educator's Care, above all things, should be, first to lay in his Charge the Foundation of Religion and Virtue. What Sculpture is to a Block of Marble, ^ Education is to a human Soul. I The Philosopher, the Saint, and the Hero, the wife, the good, or the great Man, very often lie hid and concealed in a Plebeian, which h a proper Education might have disinterred, and have brought to Light. Sped. If we inquire after the Cause, that Men grow every Day more loose in their Principles , Principles , and vicious in their Practises, it seems to be, that in the Places of Education of Persons of all Ranks, there is no Book taught, that has any Relation to the Sacred Writings. Parents are commonly more careful to bestow Wit on their Children, than Virtue; the Art of Speaking well, rather than Doing well: .But their Manners ought to be the great Concern. That Man must have a itrange Value for Words , when he can think it worth while to hazard the Innocence and Virtue of his Son, for a little Greek and Latin; whilft.he thould be laying the solid Foundations of Knowledge in his Mind, and furnithing it with just Rules to direct his future Progress in Life. Mr. Locke. The Subject of Duties is the most useful Part of all Philosophy . Cicero. To be Prudent, Honefc, and Good, are infinitely higher Accomplishments, than the being Nice, Florid, Learned , or all that which the World calls great Scholars, and i fine Gentlemen. Charron. An Industrious andvirtuous Education of Children, is