T H E - : RULE oflife: IN SELECT SENTENCES , COLLECTED FROM The greatest AUTHORS , Ancient and Modern. KNOW THYSELF. Del. Orac. The FOURTH EDITION, Improved. LONDON : Printed: And Sold by S. A u s T E N, at the Angel and Bible in Newgate street; and J. Hi N T ON, at the -, King' Arms, in St. Paul's churchyard. M, DECL. .. .~~~~~~~~"7! ... -, .., 'i -. P R E F ACE. T H E greatefj Ornament of the Accomplished. Gentleman, is his. perfet Knowledge of 'Things, and deep Infpesion into the principal Charaters of Men. He that a at ms t this Knowledge , says the Learned Gracian, mufi make a Collection of aló good Thoughts in Books ; of Apophthegms, or Heroical Exprejons, Wife Mens Axioms , and objfrvations, enough, the I'ying together these necefry Materials as a Foundation , is the Work of the followitng Sheets; but ihe super/irusure mufz be the Reader's Part, and can, only be perfesaed by Hinfelf; that is, by Application and Practice. A Precepts ,, Precepts , when contraled into Sentences , strike the Aftections, and are more easily retained: And a few ujeful ones at hand (according to Seneca) do more towards a Happy Life, than whole Volumes of Cautions, that we know not where tofind. Of the Variety of Books of this Nature , that are publijhed, few answer the Design; and most of them are filled with low and trivial Matter, that afords little Infirugion or Improvement; yet as some good Things are interspersed among them, those I have here transplanted, and acknowledge these Papers to be so far enriched by them: But the major Part is extratled from the Writings of the mofi Eminent Philosophers, Divines, and Moralifis, and other Approved Authors , that have written in the Sententious Way. My Endeavour has been to follow Nature , and keep close to Truth . f'hat seemed to be Abstruse, is made clear; clear; and what Prolix, contrated in as Jew Words as po/ible, not to lofi their Strength and Beauty. It cannot be expected, that every Sentence Jiould have the Authority of a Maxim : Stars differ in brightnejs; yet tboje that Shine the least, may have their Influences. It was neither practicable, nor did I think it necel/ary, to clog every Line or Sentence with Citation; for what is good, rill jiand so, without any great Name to /ipport it: But as Ibme are curious of knowing who ipeaks, as well as what is Jaid, I have tofeveral Pafages mentioned from whence they were taken. The Whole is a Picure of Human Life, wherein the Passions, Follies, and Foibles of Mankind , are delineated and exprefed in their proper Colours: Virtue is set forth in the most amiable Light; and Vice exposed in its natural Defo rmity. a2 A A Compendium of Moral Institutes and Counsels, drawn from the befi Writers , will be always Entertaining .to ingenious Minds. And to make Reading the more Agreeable, the greatest Part is digested under proper Heads; the rest are miscellaneous: Every Page containing such Variety of usesid Refletions, as to yield at once both Profit and Pleasure. THE VII THE CONTENT S 0 F Education, Genius , Precept , and Example. Page i Of cujion, Novelty, and Opinion . 9 Of Law , yjtiice, Injury, and Opprefj. J; on. 13 Of Temperance, Prudence, and Fortitude. 20 Of Anger, and Revenge. 2 Of Ambitioni, Avarice, Pride, and Prodigality. 33 Of Envy, and Detracion. 5 Of Of Hope, Fear, Anxiety, and Dif ti/z#.. I Of the Government of the Paions. s7 Of Sanity, Folly, andaffedation. 62 Of Human Learning ; its Use, and Infuzsiciency. 67 Of Proiperity, and Adversity; Contentment, and Humility. 86 Of Friendship. 93 - Of Company, Conveifation, and Deportment. o6 Of the Generous Mind. 128 Of Benefits, Gratitude, and Ingratitude. 139 Of Honours, and of the Great. 142 Of amerit, and Reputation; Praie, and Flattery. I 54 Of Wealth, Luxury, and the Purfiit of pleajilres. 16 Of Women, Love, and Marriage. 182 Of Of Truth , Lying, and Digimulation. i90 Miscellanies. 198 Counsels. 224 Of Time, Business, and Recreation. 235 Of Retirement, and the Private Life. 244+ Of Scepticism, and Infidelity. So refesions, Moral, and Divine. 267 Of Death, and Eternity. 283 THE THE RULE of LIFE. Of EDUCATION, GENIUS , PRECEPT , and EXAMPLE. T i H E great Business of Man is, to t1 improve his Mind, and govern his Manners. M. Aurel. The Educator's Care, above all things; should be, first to lay in his Charge the Foundation of Religion and Virtue. 'What Sculpture is to a Block of Marble, Education is to a human Soul. The Philosopher, the Saint, and the Hero, the wife, the good, or the great Man, very often lie hid and concealed in a Plebeian, which a proper Education might have disinterred, and have brought to Light. spe7t. If we inquire' after the Cause, that Men grow every Day more loose in their B Principle Principles , and vicious in their Pracices, it seems to be, that in the Places of Education of Persons of all Ranks, there is no Book taught, that has any, Relation to the Sacred Writings. Parents are commonly more 'careful to bestow Wit on their Children, than Virtue; the Art of Speaking well, rather than Doing well: But their Manners ought to bethe great Concern. That Man muss have a strange Value for Words , when he can think it worth while to hazard the Innocence and Virtue of his Son, for a little Greek and Latin; whilst he should be laying the solid Foundations of Knowledge in his Mind, and furnishing it with just Rules to direct his future Progress in Life. Mr. Locke. The Subject of Duties is the most useful Part of all Philosophy . Cicero. To be Prudent, Honest, and Good, are infinitely higher Accomplihrnents, than the being Nice, Florid, Learned , or all that which the World calls great Scholars, and fine Gentlemen. Charron. An Industrious and Virtuous Education of Children, is a better Inheritance for them, than a great Estate. To