convicion of the vanity of human hopes, than a public library; for who can see the wall crowded on every fide by mighty volumes , the works of laborious meditation, and accurate inquiry, now scarcely known but by the catalogue, and preserved only to increase the pomp of learning , without considering how many hours have been wafted in vain endeavours, how often imagination has anticipated the praises of futurity, how many statues have risen to the eye of vanity, how many ideal converts have elevated zeal, how often wit has exulted in the eternal infamy of his antagonists, and dogmatism has delighted in the gradual advances of his authority , the immutability of his decrees, and the perpetuity of his power? -- - .sn unquam dedit Dciumiinta frs majira, quam fragili l2c9 S: a: 'e; t fiperbi. Insulting chance never called with louder voice, On swelling mortals to be proud no more. Of the innumerable authors whole performances are thus treasured up in magninfcent obscurity, most are forgotten, because they never deserved to be remembered, and owed the honours which they once obtained, not to judgement or to genius , to labour or to art, but to the prejudice of faction, the stratagem of intrigue, or the servility of adulation. Nothing Nothing is more common than to find men whose works are now totally neglected, mentioned with praises by their contemporaries, as the oracles of their age, and the legislators of science. Curiosity is naturally excited, their volumes after long inquiry are found, but seldom reward the labour of the search. Every period of time has produced these bubbles of artificial fame , which are kept up a while by the breath of fashion, and then break at once, and are annihilated. The learned often bewail the loss of ancient writers whose characters have survived their works ; but, perhaps, if we could now retrieve them, we should find them only the Granvilles, Maintagues, Stepneys, and Sheffields of their time, and wonder by what infatuation or caprice they could be raised to notice. It cannot, however, be denied, that many have sunk into oblivion, whom it were unjust to number with this despicable class. Various kinds of literary fame seem deffined to various measures of duration. Some spread into exuberance with a very speedy growth, but soon wither and decay; some rise more slowly, but last long. Parnaqus has its flowers of transient fragrance, as well as its oaks of towering height, and its laurels of eternal verdure. Among those whose reputation is exhauffted in a short time by its own luxuriance, are the writers who take advantage of present incidents or characters which strongly interest the passions, and engage universal attention. It is not difficult to obtain readers, when we discuss a question which every one is desirous to underfiand, which is debated in every assembly, and has divided the nation into parties; or when I we we display the faults or virtues of him whose public conduct has made almost every man his enemy of his friend. To the quick circulation of such pro. dutions all the motives of interest and vanity concur; the disputant enlarges his knowledge , the zealot animates his passion, and every man is desirous to inform himself concerning affairs so vehemently agitated and variously represented; It is scarcely to be imagined, through how many subordinations of interest the ardour of party is diffused; and what multitudes fancy themselves affeced by every satire or panegyric on a man of eminence. Whoever has, at any time, taken occasion to mention him with praise or blame, whoever happens to love or hate any of his adherents, as he wishes to confirm his opinion , and to strengthen his party, will diligently peruse every paper from which he can hope for sentiments like his own. An object, however small in itself, if placed near to the eye, will engross all the rays of light; and a tranfation, however trivial, swells into importance when it presses immediately on our attention. He that ihail peruse the political pamphlets of any past reign, will wonder why they were so eagerly read , or so loudly praised. Many of the performances which had power to inflame facions, and fill a kingdom with confusion, have now very little effet upon a frigid critic; and the time is coming, when the compositions of later hirelings fall lie equally despised. In proportion as those who write on temporary subjects , are exalted above their merit at first, they are afterwards depressed below it; nor can the brigheft elegance of diction, or most artful subtlety of reasoning , hope for for much esteem fron those whose regard is no longer quickened by curiosity or pride. It is, indeed, the fate of controvertifts, even when they contend for philosophical or theological truth , to be soon laid' aside and slighted. Either the question is decided, and there is no more place for doubt arid opposition, or mankind despair of understanding it, and grow weary : of disturbance, content themselves: with quiet ignorance, and refute to be harassed with labours which they have no hopes of recompensing with knowledge ; The authors of new discoveries may surely expecf to be reckoned among those, whose writings are secure of veneration: yet it often happens that the general reception of a doctrine obscures the books in which it was delivered. When any tenet is generally received and adopted as an incontrovertible principle , we seldom look back to the arguments upon which it was first established , or can bear that tediousness of deduction, and multiplicity of evidence, by which its author was forced to 'reconcile it to prejudice, and fortify it in the weakness of novelty against obstinacy and envy. It is well known how much of our philosophy is derived from Boyle's discovery of the qualities of the air; yet of those who now adopt or enlarge his theory, very few have read the detail of his experiments. His name is, indeed, reverenced; but his works are neglected; we are contented