the scope of which Dr Reid professes his inability to discover . One sentence , in particular, on which he has animadvertedc philosophy ; in particular, of the obvious tendency which it has to withdraw the attention from that unity of design which with some severity, is, in my opinion , distinctly pointed at the letter to Mr Oldenburg, quoted in the beginning of this note. "Mr Locke farther says (I borrow Dr Reid's own statement) that maxims are not Ct of use to help men forward in the advancement of the sciences, or new discoveries of " yet unknown truths : that Newton, in the discoveries he has made in his never enough "to be admired book , has not been assisted by the general maxim , whatever is, is; or " tie whole is greater than a part, or the like." As the letter to Oldenburg is dated in 1676, (twelve years before the publication of the Essay on Human Understanding) and as Leibnitz expresses a desire that it may be communicated to Mr Newton, there can scarcely be a doubt that Locke had read it; and it reflects infinite honour on his sagacity, that he seems, at that early period, to have foreseen the extensive influence which the errors of this illustrious man were so long to maintain over the opinions of the learned world . The truth is, that even then he prepared a reply to some reasonings which, at the distance of a century, were to mislead, both in physics and in logic, the first philosophers in Europe. If these conjectures be well founded, it must be acknowledged that Dr Reid has not only failed in his defence of maxims against Locke's attack.; but that he has totally misapprehended the aim of Locke's argument. "I answer (says he, in the paragraph immediately following that which was "quoted above), the first of these maxims (whatever is, is) is an identical proposition, " of no use in mathematics, or in any other science. The second (that the whole is " greater than a part) is often used by Newton, and by all mathematicians, and many " demonstrations rest upon it. In general , Newton, as well as all other mathematicians, " grounds his demonstrations of mathematical propositions upon the axioms laid down "by Euclid, or upon propositions which have been before demonstrated by help of "these axioms . "But it deserves to be particularly observed, that Newton, intending in the third C book of his Principia to give a more scientific form to the physical part of astro" " which he had at first composed in a popular form, thought proper to follow "the example of Euclid, and to lay down first, in what he calls Regulwe Philosophandi, "and in his Phienomena, the first principles which he assumes in his reasoning . "Nothing, therefore, could have been more unluckily adduced by Mr Locke to it is the noblest employment of philosophy to illustrate, by disguising it under the semblance of an eternal and necessary order , similar to what the mathematician delights to trace among the mutual relations of quantities and figures. The consequence has been, (in too many physical systems ,) to level the study of nature , in point of moral interest, with the investigations of the algebraist; an effect too which has taken place most remarkably, where, from the sublimity of the subject , it was least to be expected, in the application of the mechanical philosophy to the phenomena of the heavens. But on this very extensive and important topic I must not enter at present. In the opposite extreme to the error which I have now been endeavouring to correct, is a paradox which was broached, about twenty years ago, .by the late ingenious Dr Beddoes; and which has since been adopted by some writers whose names are better entitled, on a question of this sort, to give weight to their opinions . By the partisans of this new doctrine it seems to be imagined, that so far from physics being a branch of mathematics, mathematics, and more particularly geometry, is, in reality, only a branch of physics. " The ma" " his aversion to first principles , than the example of Sir Isaac Newton." Es sasys on hae Int. Powers, pp. 647, 648, 4to edit.) * I allude here more particularly to my learned friend, imr Leslie, whose high and justly merited reputation, both as a mathematician and an experimentalist, renders it indispensably necessary for me to take notice of some fundamental logical mistakes which lie appears to me to have committed in the course of those ingenious excursions, "thematical sciences (says Dr Beddoes) are sciences of experiment and observation, founded solely on the induction of "particular facts ; as much so as mechanics, astronomy, optics, or chemistry. In the kind of evidence there is no difference; for it originates fi-om perception in all these cases "alike; but mathematical experiments are more simple , and " more perfectly within the grasp of our senses, and our perceptions of mathematical objects are clearer "." A doctrine essentially the same, though expressed in terms not quite so revolting, has been lately sanctioned by Mr Leslie; and it is to his view of the argument that I mean to confine my attention at present. " The whole structure of geometry " (he remarks) is grounded on the simple comparison of tri' ' and all the fundamental theorems which relate to "this comparison, derive their evidence from the mere superposition of the triangles themselves; a mode of proof which, in in which he occasionally indulges himself, beyond the strict limits of his favourite studies . * Into this train of thinking, Dr Beddoes informs us, he was first led by Mr Home Took's speculations concerning language. " In whatever study you are engaged, to " leave difficulties behind is distressing: and when these difficulties occur at your "very entrance upon a science, professing to be so clear and certain as geometry, your "feelings become still more uncomfortable; and you are dissatisfied with your own "powers