with what particular combinations of them the effect is conjoined. If there be no possibility of making this separation, and if; ' at the same time, wve wislh to obtain the same result, the only method of insuring success is to com bine together all the various circumstances which were united in our former.trials. It is on this principle , that I have attempted, - in a former chapter of this work , to account for the superstitious observances which always accompany the practice of medicine. among rude nations. These are commonly ascribed to the influence of imagi : nation, and. the low state of reason in the earlier periods of society; but the truth is, that they are the necessary and unavoidable consequences of a limited experience, and are to be corrected, not by mere force of intellect, but by a more enlarged acquaintance with the established order of nature .' Elements of the Philosophy of the Human Mind, Vol. I. Chap. V Part II sect. i. 6 Observations perfectly similar to those which I made with respect to medicine are applicable to all the other branches of philosophy . Wherever an interesting change is preceded by a combination of different circumstances, it.is of importance to vary our experiments in such a manner as to distinguish what is essential from what is accessory; and when we have carried the decomposition as far as we can, we are entitled to consider this simplest combination of indispensable conditions, as the physical cause of the event. When by thus comparing a number of cases, agreeing in some circumstances, but differing in others, and all attended with the same result, a philosopher connects, as a general law of nature , the event with its physical cause, he is said to proceed according to the method of induction. This, at least, appears to me to be the idea which, in general , Bacon himself annexes to the phrase; although I will not venture to affirm, that he has always employed it with uniform precision. I acknowledge, also, that it is often used by very accurate writers , to denote the whole of that system of rules, of which the process just mentioned forms the most essential and characteristical part. The same word induction is employed by mathematicians in a sense not altogether different. In that general fbrmula (for * Inductio, quae ad inventionem et demonstrationem scientiarum et artium erit utilis, naturam separare debet, per rejectiones et exclusiones debitas, c. &c. nov. Org. Lib. i. Aph. CV Tt instance) known by the name of the Binomial Theorem , having found that it corresponds with the table of powers raised froom a Binomial root, as fhr as it is carried by actual multiplication, we have no scruple to conclude, that it holds universally . Such a proof of a mathematical theorem is called a proof by induction; a mode of speaking obviously suggested by the previous application of this term to our inferences concerning the laws of nature . There is, at the same time, notwithstanding the obvious analogy between the two cases, one very essential circumstance by which they are discriminated; that, in mathematical induction, we are led to our conclusion (as I shall afterwards endeavour to show) by a process of thought, which, although not conformable to the rules of legitimate demonstration, involves, nevertheless, a logical inference of the understanding with respect to an universal truth or theorem ; whereas, in drawing a general physical conclusion from particular facts , we are guided merely by our instinctive expectation of the continuance of the laws of nature ; an expectation which, implying little, if any, exercise of the reasoning powers, operates alike on the philosopher and on the savage. To this belief in the permanent uniformity of physical laws , Dr Reid long ago gave the name of the inductive priciple. "It "is from the force of this principle (he observed) that we imnae "diately assent to that axiom upon which all our knowledge of " nature is built, That effects of the same kind must have the "samne cause. For effects and causes, in the operations of nature , "mean nothing but signs, and the things signified by themn " We perceive no proper causality or efficiency in any natural "cause; but only a connexion established by the course of " nature between it and what is called its effects ~." A late celebrated writer , more distinguished by the singular variety and versatility of his talents than by the depth or soundness of his understanding, was pleased to consider Reid's in dutctive principle as a fit subject of ridicule; asserting that the phenomenon in question was easily explicable by the common principles of experience, and the association of ideas . " Though "no man (says he) has had any experience of what is fu" " every man has had experience of what was future -." Of the shallowness of this solution philosophers are, I believe, now very generally convinced; but even if the case were otherwise, the fact remarked by Reid would be equally entitled to the attention of logicians as the basis of all physical science, nor would it be easy to distinguish it by a name less liable to objection than that which he has selected In all Bacon's logical rules, the authority of this law of belief is virtually recognised, although it is nowhere formally stated in his writings; and although the doctrines connected with it do not seem to be easily reconcilable with some of his occasional expressions. It is indeed only of late that natural philosophers have been fully aware of its importance as the groundwork of the inductive logic; the earlier writers under whose re * into the Human Mind, Chap. VI Sect. 24.. t Priestley's Examination of Reid, Beattie and Oswald, p. 85. Some very judicious and decisive strictures on this theory of Priestley may be found in Dr Campbell's Philosophy of Rhetoric. See note at the end of the sixth Chapter of Book i. view it fell having been led to consider it