bulk of the people, it is easy to see what wild work they would make in society. In effect, the recent opportunities we have had in this iflandi of observing the ridiculous extravagances resulting from those principles , and the infinite .absurdities .of a practice formed on the too prevailing system of modern ethics, are abundantly sufficient to convince us of their utter unfitness for the uses and the duties of common life, as well as for the purposes of the life to come. It behoves us, therefore, to guard our young disciples with the utmost care against this visionary fantastic philosophy , which owes its birth to the concurrence of much vanity and little judgement. with, a warm and ungoverned imagination, .and is tfudious to recomb mend mend itself by the united charms of novelty and eloquence. These are indeed to young minds attractions almost irresistible i but yet a right culture of the understanding will be an effectual security against them; and, with some few improvements, there cannot perhaps be a better for that purpose, than the cpurfe of study . marked, out by the wisdom of the university to the youth of this'place; and which, to their praise be it spoken, is pursued by'them with aftonifl ing application and. success. THAT judicious mixture of polite letters and philosophic sciences, which is the necessary preparative for their first degree, is admirably calculated at once to refine their taste, enlarge their notions , and exalt their minds. By improving, in the first place, the acquaintance they have already made with the precious remains of antiquity, they will insensibly acquire a relish for true simplicity and chastity of composition. They will learn strength and sublimity of conception, accuracy of order , correctness, copioufilefs and elegance of exprefion. They will find that the most justly approved writers of our own times have formed themselves on those great models; and (as one, who well underitood what originality was, expresses himself) they will perceive that, " a true genius is not any bold writer , who breaks through " the rules of decency to distinguish himself by the fingu " larity of his opinions , but one who, on a deserving "subjet, "subjec, is able to open new scenes, and discover a vein of " true and noble thinking, which never entered into any imagination before; every stroke of whose pen is worth "all the paper blotted by hundreds of others in the whole "course of their lives The cultivation of logic, at the same time, and the most useful and pracical branches of the mathematics (which are excellent examples of severe reasoning and sagacious investigation) will also be of singular use in preserving our youth from error, in every subsequent part of knowledge . It will teach them to arrange, and methodise, and connea their thoughts; to examine the arguments of others with a nice and critical penetration.; to pursue them through a long concatenation of dependant propositions, and discover whether any link in the chain of proofs be wanting; to distinguish sense from sound, ideas from words ,. hasty and peremptory decisions from just and legitimate conclusions. It will put them upon their guard against bold and novel opinions , especially ifaddreffed to the imagination by firokes of wit, or to the heart by affecing descriptions, rather than to the understanding by sound and conclusive reasoning . By keeping their judgement in constant exercise, it will improve and.ftrengthen that excellent and useful, but too little regarded, faculty. It will instruct them in the several Proposal forcorreeing, improving, and ascertaining theenglih. tongue.; in a Letter to Lord Oxford, degrees t I 4 degrees of certainty, and the various kinds of proof, of which different fubjets are capable; the just grounds of doubt, assent, or disbelief; the true limits and extent of the human understanding; that precise point, in short , at which our curiosity ought to flop, and beyond which, all is uncertainty, corjeaure, and darkness. THE fira suitable employment of our minds, thus imn. proved, is to turn their new acquired sagacity inward upon themselves, and with the help of the belt ethical writers , ancient and modern, to make a careful inspection into their own wonderful frame and constitution. Hence we shall perceive more diflintly, the nature and true value of the rational, the moral, the social, the selfish, principles of action within us, and what teriour of life they point out to us as best accommodated to our circunmftaces, and likely to produce the most happiness; By leading young people early into such inquiries as these, many things may be taught them of unspeakable use to therifelves and others; and many admirable rules fuggefied to them for the regulation of their future condut; AFTER this survey of the moral, it is time to contemplate the wonders of the material world . The great volume of nature is therefore now thrown open to theftudent. He is led by the hand of science through all the useful and sublime [ '5 7 sublime difeoveries of the Newtonian philosophy . He is made acquainted with the several properties of matter, in all its various forms and modifications, on this globe of earth;. and furninhed with principles for increasing and improving the conveniences of common life. He is then transported. to distant planets and other worlds . He investigates the laws that govern their revolutions, and the forces that retain them in their orbits. He cofiders the fin' when it Jhinetb, and the moon walking in brightness, * and all the host of heaven standing in array before him.: and sometimes extends his thoughts even beyond these, beyond the reach of sense, to new firmaments and new lights, rising up to his imagination, in endless succession, through the regions of unbounded space. But so far is he from.being fecrety enticed, t as some have formerly been, 'to convert his admiration of these glorious luminaries, into an impious adoration of them, that they serve only, as they naturally should do, to carry him up to their, great Author , even the