the experienced artist to determine whether the Poet's account of this matter is supported by fact . "Her pencil drew whatever her soul delig; .ed, And oft the happy draught surpassed the image in her "mind." DRYDEN on Mrs, Killigrew, Stanz, 6, [ 38 ] of moderate sense and education shall think very accurately, upon points which he has laboured to comprehend, and been much accustomed to confider. The way therefore to have clear con. ceptions on any subjea is to be generally con. versant in the Science to which it appertains; and to have read and thought much upon that particular branch of it. You perceive how the Monitor of early and continued diligence meets you in every walk of your profession. Having laid this foundation of perspicuous writing, Clearness of Conception"( fcribendi " recte, saperet" permit me to offer you two initiatory rules, which appear to me to be just. First : .accustom yourself to the use of Proper $ terms, and of a clear, orderly, syntax or con itrution. This will not only best represent your thoughts to the minds of others, but will even assist you also in arranging and deducing them in your own: as the diagram which aids the Mathematician in demonstrating his theorem to another, had been previously useful to him in investigating it for himself. This simple form is the element or seminal principle of all good style; and will, in due time, with proper attention and culture, unfold itself in figurative terms and all the variety of conftrucion, according to the genius of the writer , the kind of compofi * i. e. not figurative. [ 59 1 tion, the nature of the subject , and the supposed comprehension of the reader or hearer. Secondly: let the statement of the point before you, and the proof or illuitration of it, proceed in orderly progression, and by short ifeps; in such manner that each preceding sentence may be intelligible without the aid of the following; although the sentence following may afterwards, ex abundanti, reflec a light on the preceding. This rule is advantageous, I believe, to all composition; but is especially suited to an oral discourse; and still more particularly to one delivered in a Mixed Assembly; wherein the mind not having time to look back, nor perhaps always capacity to anticipate, should be put in clear and full possession of One proposition, before it is carried on to another: and may thus obtain a complete view and comprehension of the subject in an orderly succession of it's parts, although it could not have seen it distinctly in a Less Regular distribution, or have embraced it in the Whole Together. You may perhaps conceive that this exaatnefs of method will favour too much of Logical or Mathematical formality. Be assured, it will lead you into no such disgrace. The more Intelligent part of your Audience may perhaps discern , that you have imbibed some of the Spirit of these wholesome disciplines, though you have left the Body in the Schools. They may possibly ob[ [ ] serve, in the happy arrangement of your thoughts and expressions, a resemblance of some Good Author , whose native genius and discern . ment, spying at a glance the berf forms of corn. position, may have led him directly to the practice without the theory; as Poets and Orators existed before Critics and Philologers. But there rare phenomena afford no reason , why Later Writers in every kind may not improve their sense and taste by the Precepts , as well as the Examples, of those who have successfully gone before them. And indeed it is most probable that the belt Preachers of the last and present age, having by much previous reading acquired a fund of knowledge and command of language, formed their style and manner upon well digested rules and approved models; as well for the attainment of general excellence, as for the adapting of the character of their composition to the particular purposes which they had in view . It cannot be supposed that the copious vein of Biflop Taylor was not enriched and purified, by that abundance of classical and critical learning with which his mind was stored: that habits of close thought and meditation did not enable Dr. Barrow to exhaust every subject which he touched, to arrange his abundant matter in the best order , and to comprise it within the finalleft dimensions: or, that the accurate, invetigating, manner of Mr. Nor[ [ ] ris proceeded more from the clearness of his natural understanding, than from his early application to the instrumental art of Logic, and the preparatory discipline of Metaphysics. METHOD will instruct and please every hearer: the Educated may refer his information and fatisfation to some such principles as I have attempted to delineate: the Uneducated will derive His from the unobserved operation of the same causes; his plain understanding will be assisted in the reception of truth by that " LUCID OR( ( which is as congenial to the human mind, and as necessary to it's diftinet vision, as the element alluded to is to the Eye and the Sight; which we find and admire in every production of nature , aud which we endeavour to imitate in every work of art; which we hence presume to be agreeable to Every created understanding, and therefore to the Supreme Creative Intelligence Himself. I have advised you to begin with Proper terms, because they are more single and definite in their sense, and consequently less liable to misapprehension, than Figurative. For a similar and stronger reason , I wish you generally to prefer a pure Englifl word to any one synonymous of foreign extration. Our language has certainly been much enriched, strengthened, and ornamented, by the nunmberlefs words which it has incorporated from the Greek, and from the [ 62 Latin and it's offsprings, particularly the French. Many of these are so naturalised, and so interwoven with our common phraseology, that it is not easy,. without some consideration, to distinguish them