Whoever has read this with the attention it requires and deserves, will most earnefcly wish that nothing may prevent the learned author from gratis'ing the public with that lamger va', of which the treatise we are speaking of is only a small specimen, fophits fophiits sometimes weave out of those delicate materials; will teach him to abstract, and generalise, and simplify his ideas ; will qualify him to drag out falsehood and scepticism from the midst of those obscure, and intricate, and crooked mazes, in which they love to wander; to detect the endless errors, into which excessive subtlety and false refinement must necessarily lead us; to perceive that a quick understanding may as easily miss the middle point where truth resides, by going beyond it, as a dull one, by falling short of it; and that there are in religion, as in all sciences, certain primary and fundamental truths , which are only obscured by much reasoning , and which, after having been once firmly established , should be laid up as first principles in the mind, where no subtle objeeions or acute distinctions should be allowed to weaken or destroy their force. Thus do each of the several branches of learning , which compote the plan of education in this place, contribute something towards the SOBER mindedness recommended by St. Paul. And, what is of still greater importance, the fund of knowledge which our youth youth will probably acquire in the prosecution of these studies , nay, even the very difficulties which may sometimes obftrut their progress, will gradually prepare their understandings for the admission of still nobler ideas , and sublimer contemplations. In their pursuit, more especially, of moral and religious truth , they will find, as I before remarked, so much wanting to give complete fatisfatcion to the mind, that they cannot but Ice the absolute necefiity of some more per sect system of doctrines and of duties, to supply the many defects of natural religion, to strengthen its obligations, to enforce it with proper sanctions, and to give it a vital and ffeetual influence upon the heart. Under the impreiflon of fucll reflections as these, it is obvious that Ahere cannot be a properer time for carrying the young academic fill one ilep further, and giving him tome infight into the nature , the design, the evidences, and the precepts of the CHRISTIAN REVELATION. But here unfortunately we are obliged to stop. For this mol important part of education no adeguate, no public provision is yet made made in this university . Revealed religion has not yet a proper rank assigned it here among the other initiatory sciences; is not made an indispensable qualification for academical honours and rewards; has not, in short , all that regard paid to it, which its own intrinsic worth, and the peculiar circumstances at present attending it, seem to demand. It is well known, that an unbounded freedom is now indulged to the publication of the most licentious opinions ; and that these are not, as formerly, confined to bulky volumes of infidelity, or to dull and phlegmatic reasoners ; but are dispersed throughout the nation in the moil commodious and pleafinm vehicles, in works of fancy and amusement, and even ufefil information, which dilffii irreligion almost imperceptibly tlrough the kingdom, and on which men of real genius do not scruple to wail their time and miiap ply their talents. These are the books most likely to fall into the hands, and to captivate the hearts, of young men of rank and fortune, at that very dangerous period of life, when they first leave their colleges to mingle in the great world ; and on these, if they have not 9 helre here been taught sounder principles and better things, they will most probably form their notions of religion, and regulate their future conduct. Add to this, that a very great part of those who are bred up among us to the church, and from whose pious labours we must chiefly hope for a remedy to these evils, are frequently obliged, by the straitness of their circumstances, to enter on the ministerial office within a very short time after they have taken their first degree, and are, many of them, immediately engaged in large and laborious cures. If, therefore, they have not before this time acquired some tolerable knowledge of their profession, how can they undertake to explain the Gospel to others, and defend it against so many formidable opposers? In the two other learned professions, LAW and phrsic, a regular course of study in the theory of each is generally deemed requisite, before thole who engage in either, think it safe or creditable to venture on the practical part of their business. And it will be difficult, I conceive, to assign a satisfactory reason , why a competent fund of pro sessional knowledge is not equally necessary to to the divine, previous to his embarking in the various and laborious funcions of his sacred calling; unless it be maintained, that the future salvation of mankind is a matter of less importance than their temporal property or their bodily health. Does it not then seem highly advisable for us to turn our thoughts a little more towards this great object than has been hitherto deemed requisite? It is true, indeed, that some acquaintance with the abtlrufer sciences may be a very proper foundation even for theological learning . But it cannot surely be necessary to lay this foundation so exceed. ingly deep as is here generally done. It cannot be necessary to consume the flower and vigour of the youthful mind, in the very first stage as it were of its literary progress; to occupy it wholly for three entire years in these preparatory studies , when it should be going on to the " principles " and elements at least "of the doctrine of Christ h; " should be advancing gradually from the foundation to the superstructure; flould be learning , under wise and experienced " mafter builders," to erec that sacred edifice of divine knowledge Heb.