a house at Florence, and, after paying a tribute of gratitude to the French monarch, ereted a magnificent monument to his beloved master Galileo. H 4 LET LETTER VII OF THE NEWTONIAN SYSTEM , AND DISCOVERIES. IN all ages of the world , mankind in general have been nearly the fame : the powers of the mind are various ; but there are certain pre fclibed bounds which it is the lot of but few to pass. The multitude were certainly designed for manual labour and industry, and their minds are, by custom, made conformable to their employments. Intent upon the common concerns and business of life, they have but little leisure, and less inclination, for mental im 1 rovement. This is the wife designation of Providence. The earth must be cultivated to support its inhabita ts; a general refinement would be as prejudicial as a general barbarity. Humanity , however, has higher privileges. Arts and sciences, legislation and morals, are absolutely necessary to the due regulation and order of civil society. And that a knowledge of them may be properly distributed, the Author of Nature has, at different times, raised up some great great and illustrious genius to enlighten and instruct us. In religion, our most momentous concern, he has condescended to give us a diving guide; and in every art and science, we have had preceptors of eminence proportionate to the importance of the fubject. every thing bears the marks of omniscience: wherever we turn our eyes, we perceive a presiding intelligence , that informs and regulates the whole. To enumerate the most ihining characers of ancient and modern times, and to show the discriminating excellence and utility of the several pursuits in which they were engaged, would be a matter of much difficulty, and foreign to our purpose. The subject upon which we are, at present, to employ our attention, is phyiical astronomy; and we are now to confider the genius and doctrines of a man, who, in his philo. fophical character, appears to have been endowed with superior faculties, in order to dissipate the mills of ignorance and error, and to lead us to a knowledge of those truths , which the wisdom of ages had been unable to discover . The person to whom we owe there obligations, is Sir Isaac Newton, who was born at Wolftropin Lincolnlhire, on chrifitmas day 1642. His father was the reduced descendant of a noble family; but the genius of his son eclipsed. all the splendour of hereditary titles and honours. Of Of his juvenile studies we have but little knowledge , none of his first attempts, or essays, having ever appeared. He seems to have been an inventor rather than a student; and to have entered at once into the depths of science, without attending to the usual gradations. It was on this account that Mr. 'Fontenelle applied to him the following idea of the ancients, concerning the unknown source of the majestical river that fertiles .Egypt: Il n'a pas Cte permis aux hommes de voir le Nil foible et naissant. Every science upon which this great man em. ployed his attention, received a new form from his hands, and was carried to a degree of per fe&tion unlooked-for by the ancients. In the courre of a few years he had destroyed the works of ages, and erected an edifice of his own, which will be as durable as the fabric of nature itself. Algebra, geometry, mechanics, optics, chronology, philosophy , and astronomy, began now to assume an unusual splendour and dignity; and by his improvements and discoveries, were rendered prodigiously more extensive and important. The method of Fluxions, in particular, was entirely his own invention; which alone was sufficient to have rendered his name immortal. The exquisite subtlety of this docrine is such, that the powers of the human mind mind seem inadequate to a higher pursuit. Anything beyond it, must be the science of pure intelligence . From a genius like this, what had we not to expec? His account of the universe , and the laws by which it is regulated, is founded upon the moult indubitable principles of reason , science, and observation. We are no longer compelled to wander through, the intricate mazes of hypothesis and conjecture. Nature appears again in all her primitive simplicity. Newton has dissolved the chaos, and separated the light from the darkness. His inimitable work , The Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy , contains the true aflronomical faith; and those who reject its doctrines are the worst of heretics, as they shut their eyes against the clearest of all light, Demonstration. To give a perspicuous and methodical account of all his investigations and discoveries, would be a work of great difficulty, and what, from the incompetency of your present acquirements, could afford you but little instruction. Confining myself, therefore, to those which are the most familiar and interesting, I Shall begin with his speculations upon gravity and attraction, and relate from the authority of his commentator and friend, Dr. Pemberton, the simple incident which is said to have given birth to them. About About the year 1666, or the twenty-fourth year of his age, he retired from Cambridge into the country, in order to avoid the plague, which, at that time, raged with great violence; and sitting one dayin an orchard, under a tree, an apple, by chance, falling upon his head, caused him to enter into a number of reflecions. The phenomena of falling bodies particularly engaged his attention; and pursuing the ideas which presented themselves to his mind, he carried his researches from the earth to the heavens, and began to investigate the nature of motion in general . Because there is motion, said he, there must be a force which produces it; but what is this force? That a body, when left to itself, will fall to the ground, is known to the most illiterate; but if you ask them the reason of its doing so, they will think you either a fool or a madman: the circumstance is too common