V OF THE svstem OF DES CARTS. H E active mind of man is naturally fond of investigation; and from contemplating effects, we are insensibly led to inquire into the causes which produced them. After having discovered the vast extent of the creation, and the order , regularity, and harmony of the celestial motions, our next reflctions will be, how such a frame began at first to cxift, and by what force those prodigious bodies are constantly driven round the fun, and detained in their orbits. But to prosecute these researches with proper advantage, requires a free and unbiassed mind, invigoratcd with all the powers of genius and judgement. From the workmanlip to trace the Workman; and from viewing the grand machine of the universe , to discover the hidden springs of its motion, and the secret laws of its mechanism and connivance, is, of all pursuits, the most sublime and interesting, and, perhaps, the highest pitch of knowledge which the human faculties are capable of attaining. It must not, therefore, be considered as a matte. of surprise, that, in the more early ages of the the world , when science was yet in its infancy, and the mind of man enslaved and debased by ignorance and a barbarous fuperltition, a knowledge so exalted and refined should be but imperfectly understood, and but little cultivated.. The priests and magi of the east, who are supposed to have been the first masters of the sciences, involved all their notions in enigmatical and allegorical representations; so that what was plain and simple , was rendered mysterious and doubtful; and mankind , instead of being made acquainted with nature , and the manner in which mfe conducts her operations, were amused only with absurd fables and chimerical conceits, which were so far from answering the purposes of instruction, that they served only to impede and retard it. To some of their most favoured disciples and followers they unveiled their mysteries, but the people in general were kept in darkness and the grossest ignorance. From Egypt and Phoenicia philosophy 'travelled into Greece, and was there more generally cultivated and diffused; but in a manner equally unfavourable to instruction and improvement. The philof!phers of those times, disputatious and obstinate, were more fond of victory than truth ; and whilst they contended only tb fhcw their abilities, and to display a vain ostentation of learning , men were diverted from pursuing after real knowledge , and a talkative philosophy F 3 wa was instituted, which was principally upheld by logical quibbles and sophistical subtleties, that had no relation to fact or experiment, the only sure foundations upon which any system of physics can possibly be supported. Instead of searching into nature , men retired to contemplate their own notions ; and, instead of tracing her operations, gave their imaginations full play; where they ought to have hesitated they decided; and where there was no difficulty they doubted. What was simple they divided, and defined what was plain; but in what was more intricate, the subterfuges of art were set up in opposition to nature , and captious science against common reason . A considerable party of old, adopted that monstrous system , which, excluding the influence of a Deity, attempted to explain the formation of the universe ihrom the fortuitous concourse of atoms.; nd derived the ineffable beauty of things, and even life and thought itself, from a lucky hit in the blind uproar. One sect retained the passive and fluggilh matter only, -., hilh..i ct; rs, more refined , admitted active as well as paltive principles , life as well as thought, and taught that everything was governed by a fiprcne Mind. Some maintained, that there was no fiability of essence or knowledge anywhere to be found, but that man was the measure of truth to hin'felf in all things, and that every every opinion or fancy of every man was true. Whilst others, again, ran into the opposite extreme, and were so sceptical as to doubt even whether they doubted or not. But to leave these, and a thousand other crude notions , which deserve no remembrance, we will now proceed to confider the more plausible hypothesis of a philosopher of modern times, who has attempted to explain the phenomena of nature by principles less exceptionable than those of the ancients; and has acquired such a reputation amongst his followers, as makes it necessary to examine his doctrine with more particular attention. Renes des Carts, a French philosopher, who was born in the year 1596, was the author of this new system , which has been so highly extolled, and considered by many, as the most extensive, and exquisite in its contrivance, of any that had yet been imagined. Endowed with a bold and elevated genius , he scorned to subject himself to the servile drudgery of observation and experiment, but attempted to unveil all the mysteries of nature at once; and thought it beneath him to offer anything to the world , less than a complete and finished system . In order to attain this grand purpose, he begins his Principia, by endeavouring to establish a clear and perfect idea of the existence and attributes of the Supreme Being; which he makes F 4 to to depend upon our inward conviction that such a being actually is; and from this absolute and certain knowledge of the Deity, he attempts to deduce an explication of his works , that by this ileans, we may acquire the mofe perfect kind of science, which is that of deducing efecds from their causes. From the veracity of the Deity, he infers the reality of material objects, which are represented to us, as exifing without us; and, by placing the essence of matter in extension, concludes, that there can be no such thing as a vacuum, or space void of body or material substances; but that ail nature is absolutely replenished, and that there must be an universal plenum. All felf evident propositions and axioms , are made to depend upon the mere will and arbitrary choice of the Supreme Being;