it, were under a necessity of flliling; and to smile, if not to laugh, was allowed to be graceful by the great Iciflator of decorum. 7 The The speculative opinions of Ptudious men, however erroneous, often afford them innocent amusement in their closets, without diffusing any malignant influence on the manners or happiness of others. However interesting to the philolbpher may be the disputes concerning liberty and necefflity, or the nature of good and evil, they attrac not the regard of those who are agitated in the busy walk of life, by the common pursuits of interest and pleasure. The metaphysician thinks his labours of great importance to the happiness of mankind , and would be not a little mortified to find, that in the great numbers who compose the community to which he belongs, and for whose more immediate edification he consumes the midnight oil, a very finall part knows that there ever existed such men as Berkeley or Hume; and that, if they knew, and could understand their works , they would prefer the opportunity of earning a penny, or enjoying a good dinner, to all the advantage that ever could be derived from a conviction that matter existed not, or that the old principles of morals were erroneous. But though this may be true of those doctrinal opinions , which are too abllracted for Vo,. I. B b vulgar vulgar apprehension, yet. it will be found, that there are speculative notions , which, as they require no great improvement of understanding to be comprehended, are adopted as axioms as soon as proposed, and permitted to influence the conduct of life. He who is a convert to materialism, a doctrine of late unhappily recommended by virtuous and well meaning writers , will certainly lose some re firaints which operated favourably on his morals. It is true, the writer who thus gives it all the recommendation his subtlety can supply, though he speaks the diaates of con vition, is perhaps not apparently corrupted. But a reasonable cause may be assigned for his escaping the effect of the poison which he bears about him. He is probably a man of letters; leads a life remote from violent temptations; has acquired. habits of virtue; and, perhaps, from the pracice of reasoning and disputation, can maintain or explode opinions , which concern the most important interests of his fellow-creatures, with all the indifference of a bystander. But his opinions are plausibly supported; they are pleating to the lover of novelty; they afford a fancied consolation to the vicious, and they are read by by those who want a sanction for flagitious conduct, who wish to be furnished with arguments to make proselytes to vice, and who are desirous of silencing the voice of conscience by the fallacies of sophistry. They are read by the young and the gay, as a system of philosophy newly discovered , which far surpasses the antiquated doctrines of the received moralist, and as favourable to those ideas , which they gladly embrace, on the expediency or lawfulness of unlimited indulgence. That ridicule is an infallible criterion of truth , is an opinion , from its peculiar correspondence with the taste of the greater part of mankind , much more prevalent, and therefore more detrimental in the common intercourse of life. Men destitute of delicacy, and that solid merit which is usually accompanied with diffidence, often rise to the highest eminence, acquire the largest fortunes, fill the most important offices, and give law to the sentiments as well as pracice of others. These, judging from themselves, have no adequate idea of the dignity of human nature , and the comparative perfeaion of which it is capable. They perhaps have been uniformly vicious, B b 2 yet yet have had the temporal reward of virtue; they have been ignorant, yet have been admired for their wisdom; they have despised all the precepts of moral philosophy , and by dint of that effrontery which natural want of feeling inspires, have raised themselves to fame and fortune. Bold through the natural presumption of ignorance, and still farther elated by success, by the flattery, by the attentions which are paid to the most undeserving prosperity, they learn to laugh at all the serious part of the world , who are defrauding their genius , as it is .called, in the rigid servitude of a fanciful virtue. No wonder then that ridicule prevails in the lower orders ; for rank, fortune, and spirit, without the least portion of learning and philosophy , are at any time able to raise a multitude of admirers, and to establish a faihion. When men, with very few other recommendations than the absence of mo deity, become the leaders of a nation, a tate for RIDICULE, or, in other words , a malicious desire of levelling the exaltation of indigent virtue to the standard of worthless grandeur , will become general among all ranks. This taste, which tends to vilify al that that can adorn and ennoble a human creature, has been too common in every long established and corrupted community. He must have remarked but little, who has not seen its baneful influence in our own times and country. All the cardinal virtues, if the efforts of certain gross spirits could prevail, would be laughed out of countenance, and no semblance of them be left amongst us but the unsubstantial phantom, MODERN IIONOUR. Let us trace the progress of some ingenuous youth, emerging from an uncorrupted seminary to his Ration in the active world . In the retirements of study ; he has formed advantageous ideas of that life, on which he is now to enter. His heart glows with virtuous and benevolent purposes. He has been reading of those legislators, heroes, philosophers, patriots, who shine with lustre in the page of history, and who derived all their splendour from their virtue. He longs to emulate them. He values himself little on his birth or fortune, if he has them, but owns he feels a conscious dignity arising from his acquirements, his learning , his comprehensive views , his liberal