their long stay in iegypt, received no small tincture of the manners of their instructors. The Greek philosophy is : at present divided into two prinlcipal sleds, the Ionic, which was founded by Ti AI.: ES the Milelian, and the Italic, which owes its rise to IPYTHA\GORAS. TIIALES was born in the 35th olympiad, anii is remarkable for being the first Grecian who taught a regular ffltclm of philosophy , and left a fiicceflion of disciples behind him to) eltabliih and maintain it. In the earlier part of his life he travelled into A; gypt, and during a rceidence of several years there, applied hiimfelf with such genius and industry to the sciences, under the direcdion of the priests, that he became able at last even to instruct his mnaftcrs; and, it is said, showed them how to measure the height of the pyramids. He was afterwards employed in the service of CROESUS king of Lydia; and contrived to make the river Halys fordable for the army of that prince, by drawing off the water into trenches. On his return to Greece, he lived in a learned retirement, dividing his time between the culture of his favourite studies , geometry and astronomy, and the initrudion of his followers, who held him in the utmost veneration. He has left several moral precepts on record; but is most celebrated for his knowledge of nature . He taught, that water was the principle out of which the Supreme Being created all things; that the universe is filled with invisible spirits, who, infpec the actions of men; that the earth is situated in the middle of the world , and moves round its own centre. He was the first among the Greeks who calculated eclipses of the fun and and moon, and made observations on the motions of the celestial L EX T ER bodies. It is owing to him, that those wonderful phenomena, which -- .- by the ignorant and superstitious are looked upon as omens of approaching calamity, and tokens of the Divine wrath, appear to the philosophic eye as the simple and regular operations of beneficent and various nature ; a discovery which alone ought to recommend his name to the effteem of posterity. He died in the ninety fecond year of his age, whilst he was present at the Olympic games, and AXNAXIMANDER succeeded him in the Ionic school. There is little known of this philosopher, except that in some points he did not adhere to the doctrine of his master; particularly he held, that there was nothing in the universe but an immense matter endowed with an infinite motion; and that in the fruitful bosom of the immense matter, everything was produced by an eternal revolution of forms. By establishing this system , he excluded, at least tacitly, the existence of a fipreme intelligent first cause. ANAXIMENES, his fuc ccfor, afcril, CD the origin of all things to the air, and exerted his mechanical skill in the invention of a sundial, which was first set up at Lacedaemon, to the no small admiration of that warlike but unpolihed people. The school of THALES was transported by ANAXAGORAS from Miletus, where till his time it had flourished, to Athens, as a more conspicuous theatre for his talents to display themselves in. This philosopher was of a noble family in Ionia; but renounced all pretensions to a share in the government of his country, and the inheritance of a considerable estate, in order to apply himself with less interruption to the study of wisdom and the search of truth . Whilst he resided at Athens, he had the honour of reckoning PERICLES amongst his disciples; and it is generally believed, that the statesman owes no small part of his political as well as natural knowledge to the lectures of the speculative sage. The enemies of the former, unable to ruin his credit with the people, resolved I. ETTER resolved to attack him in the persons of his friends, and acculd XXVII -- - ANAXAGORAS of degrading the fun from the number of the gods, by defining it to be a mass of fiery matter. The Athenians, who, by an odd contradiction, express frequently a warm zeal for the honour of their deities, when injured, as they imagine, by the philosophers, though they susser them to be exposed with the low bus foonery of the comic poets, condemned him to death; but he avoided the sentence , by retiring to Lampfacus, where he died soon after. His disciples ercted two altars to his memory, and dedicated the one to the eternal mind, and the other to truth . ANAXAGORAS always declared himself against the notion of the world's being formed by chance, and attributed the order and life which are observable in it to the direction of an infinitely wise and powerful mind. He held that there is no vacuum in nature ; that everybody is divisible in infinitum, and composed of little particles of a similar nature , as blood, for instance, of particles of blood, water of particles of water, chut I need not tyre thy patience, with enlarging further on the lives and tenets of the philosophers of this fed: what I have already said is sufficient to give thee a tolerable idea of them; and thou hast judgement enough to perceive , that many of their opinions , being only founded on the probable assertions of system , instead of proofs drawn from nature herself, must be left for confirmation, or rejection, to the more accurate inquiries of future ages. I shall only add, that the Ionic school under ARCHIELAUS, its present chief, has produced a disciple who seems likely to eclipse the same, not only of his master, but of every philosopher who has yet arisen in Greece. His name is SOCRATES, and lie applies himself wholly to the moral part of philosophy , northeast gle&ing the natural , as a science too fanciful and uncertain. I muss refer thee to another letter for an account of the Italic fed, and of PYTHAGORAS