what numerous discoveries have been already made! what may we not expect? The other ORATION relating to the Pralice of Physic before mentioned, is en P. 31. titled, Oratio, qua repurgata Medicinae facilis aferitur fimplicitas. A vindication of the plain jimplicity of Medicine, when divelted of what is foreign to it. This is learnedly prosecuted by the following steps. That great is the simplicity of naked truth , not only mathematicians, but all who have treated things scientifically in any branch of human knowledge abundantly testify. .esop, SOCRATES, DE MOCR1TUS, Lord VERULAM, DES CARTS, who devoted themselves to the search of truth , excel in point of simplicity. Indeed in every research simplicity is both the road to truth and the charactrific of it; nor is it less so in the cafe of physic, when cultivated with firie purity, than of other sciences, notwithstanding so many by pretending it to be a study of immense labour labour, have sometimes drove even the diligent to despondence. It must be granted, those things only relate to medicine, which have a tendency to preserve life and health, or to remove diseases; 'tis commonly believed, their number is infinite , and concluded there. fore that our science must be the most extensive, and difficult of any: But whoever discriminates fallacies, and doubts from certain truths , and rejecs the former, will find the rules of the art thus recifyed, to be not very numerous. Discretion for. bids the presumption of anything in physic, the truth of which .a skilful practitioner has reason to suspect; this is not more effectually guarded against, than by avoiding what is peculiar to fels; nor is truth more readily discovered , than by admitting only what all proper judges allow; a maxim which reduces what properly belongs to medicine into a narrow compass; for upon examination we thall find, that most medical writers are plagiaries in what they have delivered conformable to this maxim ; that most of the indisputable putable truths , they contain , have been copied from hippocrates; and that if all errors and idle jargon, were expunged from the works under HIPPOCRATES's name, few certain tenets would be left, and those very simple : Discard what re latesto elements, sympathy, antipathy, innate heat, celestial influences, anatomical errors, with all that depends thereupon, which swell those works to so great a bulk; what remains? But a small collection of observations not very remote from our senses, nor superior to our comprehension . With what a multitude of books has PLATO and his sea loaded the science? But besides learned harangues on triangles, numbers , ideas , elements, humours, genii, appetites, harmonies with mysterious allegories, and as many false corollaries subjoined, what is there dotrinal except the little divulged by HIPPOCRATES before him? The same may be alleged against his disciple ARISTOTLE and his fedt, who tyrannised in medicine, as well as philosophy , down to the time of PARACELSUS, and yet delivered nothing useful in in the former, but what was borrowed from the Coan monuments; all the rest is too general , obscure, or false, to be of any service; nay, even GALEN, if you except his anatomy, is only valuable for his genuine representation of the Coan records. What are the voluminous medical treasures of the Arabians, but the doctrine of ARISTOTLE and GALEN in another language? Thus it appears from the first ages down to the chemists, all the valuable writings, which relate to physic, are few and simple ; to distinguish therefore the few original authors from innumerable copyifis, is a difficulty with iludents best obviated by an early acquaintance with a judiciously selected number of the ancients. The additions to the science since HARVEY, besides what respects anatomy and mechanics, are owing entirely to the Cartesians or chemists. The former have done little more than encumbered it with ulelefs fictions, by fleeing so hastily from generals to particulars; the latter indeed have been serviceable both to philosophy and physic, by discovering the peculiar operations virtues of particular bodies, and their operations upon one another; but are miserably mistaken in the general laws , to which from their particular experiments they conclude all bodies to be subject ;; jedt these, with their cant of elements, fititious ferments, effervescences, antagonist salts the only engines of nature , their pretensions to what is not feasible, and conceit that all chemical productions must be medicinal, with their practice consequent upon such chimxeras; carefully exclude all tlefe from the works of PARACELSUS, HELMONT, TACIENIUS, and the an. chint chemists, what have you more, than the few plain discoveries collected by the worthy Mr BOYLE with great labour, prudence, fidelity and perfpicuitv. See now the face of physic cleared flo; n vhatonly disguised or incommoded it! he bulk of all, that really appertains, to the cience, seems not so discouraging, and what appears to have augmented it, re ates no more to medicine than to other : : iences. If any contend, this holds; 1, because but finall advances are a1 LI ready ready made in the art, and that this simplicity cannot subsist, when it is arrived towards perfection; reason rather dictates the contrary: For there is but one nature peculiar to each thing, which, once discovered , remains always so; whereas hasty coniedures about matters not properly fibje6ted to their cognizance, the more they deviate from truth , the more apt they are to enlarge. How complicated was the fabric feigned of the human body, before dissections manifested the contrary? When HARVEY and MAL. PIG T destroyed the offspring of a luxuriant fancy, exploded the intricate machinery, the cells of ARCH^US with the vad variety of ferments, strainers, and efficacious faculties; and later anatomists have with astonishment perceived , that the nicer their scrutiny by the help of microscopes and injections, the more simple andfimilar the organical parts appeared. Nor are the fluids so compound as is imagined from the variety of their effecs; for the same acion of the same liquid applied to different vessels produces very different effects; the the diversity therefore in these