and under food some Things that got great Credit to others who came after him, although they had little or no Share in the Discoveries. In the seventeenth Century the famous Descartes set up his new Philosophy , which proved rather a curious Amusement, than a System of any great Service to Natural Knowledge : For though' it took with some People, and that of Arifotie was absolutely decried, yet Learning continued much in the same State, nor did the World receive any great Advantages by the Change. This Philofo sher fancied he could solve all Appearances mechanically by Matter and Motion, but was so unfortunate as to make his suppose Discoveries, his favourite Vortices, contradia the mofl certain and fundamental Laws of Motion. The Learned Lord Bacon, who lived much about the same Time with Des carts, had a fine Genius for Natural Philosophy , and has left us some very useful Hints for studying it with Advantage. He has not only pointed out those Particulars that had been the main Obftru'tions to the Progress of the Science, and hewn the Absurdity and Inconveniences of the ancient Method, but prescribe such a Course of Philosophical Inquiries, as are most likely to be attended with Success. Instead of making an hasty Tranfitioa from slight Observations on Things to general Axioms , infread of going on upon those Axioms as certain and uncontestable Principles , without further Examination. The only Method, says this judicious Writer , "is to proceed cautiously, to advance Step by Step, reserving the most general Principles for ' the last Result of our Inquiries The surprising Advancements that have been made in the Knowledge of Nature , by pursuing the Hints of this noble Writer , will be belt seen in the Pbilofo phical Tranfacions, and in the incomparable Sir Isaac Newton's Works . It nmur be owned in general , that in refpe* to Phyfies, the Moderns have very much improved the Learning of the Ancients, and have added many new Discoveries to them ofgrcat Importance. And it could not have happened otherwise. Could it be possible, for so many fine Geniuses, as successively applied themselves to the Observation of Nature during the Course of so many Ages, not to have cnriched P., cf, epecially since they have discovered extraordinary Aids which the Antienii had not? Nature is an mexhauftible Fund, and Curiosity has scarce any Bounds. Hence it was no I1 lusion, when Seneca foresaw, that Pofierity would discover abundance of Secrets in Nature unknown in his Time. " Nature , said that great Man, " does not ditclofe all her Myfiries at once "the Time will come, when much that is now " hid will appear in full Light. Posterity wilt " wonder how such evident Things escaped us - and even the Vulgar know, what we are igno " rant of." This Opinionis entirely reasonable , and rich in Sense. Many Things have conduced to the considerable Progrefa of Phys: amongst the Moderns. They may be said to have entirely changed Face, and soared to new Heights, fnce the Learned have made it a Law to themselves to fiudy Nature in Nature itself, to make use of their own Eyes and Reason for discovering its Mysteries, and no longer subjet themselves blindly and without Examination to the Judgement of others: In a Word since they have thrown off the Yoke of Authority , which in Physical Matters ought not to enslave our Minds, and is only proper to keep them, through weak Refpe*, in a slate of idle and presumptuous Ignorance. What Progress did the Physics make during the Course of the fourteen or fifteen Ages, in which the Authorities of larfotle and Plato were alternately the Law ? That Method served only to excite vain Disputes, to prevent generous Efforts, and to extinguish all Curiosity and Emulation; whilst the Lives of Philosophers, mofi capable of improving the Physics, paseid in knowing what had already been thought, rather than what one ought to think. Everybody knows how much Nature seems to affect concealing her Secrets from us. To discover her Mysteries, it is necessary to follow her Step by Step; we must, to use the Expression, surprise her in her Operations we muss make Observations and Experiments; we muss have a due Number of Phanomena, in order to eflhbliih a just Principle for explaining them; and Experiments must verify Conjectures. The Ancients pratifed all that we have now said to a certain Degree, and not without Success. But the Sagacity of the Moderns, aflired by the Invention of many new Instruments, has rose exceedingly upon their Knowledge . The principal of these new Inventions, are the Telescope, the Microscope, the Torricellian Tube, or the Barometer, and the Air pump. It is easy to conceive how much there Machines, and others of a like Nature , invented by the Moderns, and much improved by Ule itself, and Length of Time, muff have conduced to the Progress of phy/ili Observations. But what has contributed noft to it, is the Elh blilhmnent of Academies. The las Age gave birth to four of the mos famous almof at the same Time. northeast Academy dl Cinwrnt, at falorntt; rth Royal Soirty, at London; the R), yal Academ of 'Scrnest, at Paris; and the Academy of the Curios in the Secrets of Nature , in Germany. The sublime Reflections into which the Pay' fie lead us upon the Author of thq Unlverle, are not to be ranked among ftits simple Curiosities . That great Work , always the more wonderful the more it is known, gives us f high an Idea of the Artiicer, that we find our (elvce P H Y edlves lost in Admiration and Reverence of him, as often as we look into it. True Physics rise so high as to become a kind of Theology. To be able to account for the surprising Phenomena of Nature , and discern the Beauty and Order , the Symmetry and Magnificence of thc 7'rrjdrial and cele/lialworldsis a Pleasure of fuel a refined Nature , as none but Thinking Men en