justice. His acute research discriminates, with unerring exactness, the different merits, too often confounded in the ethical balance; his resistless reasoning , in the inculcation of the various duties of life, though sometimes apparently too abstracted and refined , is drawn from the simplest and purest sources; and comes home, in Lord Bacon's phrase, " To the business and bosoms of men." But above all, in his sublime discussions of the most sacred truths , as no style can be too lofty, nor conceptions too too grand, for such a subject ; so has the great master never exerted the powers of his great genius with more signal success. Impiety shrinks beneath his rebuke; the atheist trembles and repents; the dying sinner catches a gleam of revealed hope; and all acknowledge the just dispensations of eternal wisdom, If, in retrospect to these great examplars, the writer has been induced into more detail than he foresaw, or his reader desired, it is a proof of the danger of attempting to tread in their footsteps; a path so brilliant as to have made him lose sight of the object he had in view . But this, he hopes, will have been in some measure anticipated by the good nature of the reader, from what has been already submitted, as to the difficulty of so new an attempt. The usual resource of the trembling author , is the candour of the public: that is, in other words , if it must be confessed, the favour, or at least the mercy, of the critic; for every reader is a critic; and every writer , if he has the smallest grain of instinct of authorship about him, anticipates, with no little anxiety, the various judgement that may await him; flattered sometimes by self approval, fortunately, as perhaps he may have nothing else to reward him, with the hope of a friendly nod; more alarmed, probably, on the other hand, as fear is a more active principle than hope, with the terrors of the contemptuous shrug. If, however, this species of publication in periodical essay, on the various topics of morals, manners, manners and literature, has gained eminent and continued approbation from a European public, may not even the novelty of the attempt to introduce it on the Indian scene, claim some favour, and deprecate severity? To deserve the former, he is aware how much he will stand in need, not only of the critical indulgence, but the active kindness of his friends. He will be doubly encouraged by their assistance, and their example. And as it is his determined principle to avoid either giving or taking offence, he hopes that the nature of their favours, and his reception of them, will be equally satisfactory to both parties and the public. P. NUMBER II. sept. 16, 1793. Quicqlid aglut bonlines, voluni, limr; ira, volplits, Gaudi,, discursus, nosiri farrago libelli. JUVENAL. All human action, wishes, fears or rage, Pleasures, or joys, or reasonings of tile sage, Compose the motley matter of our page. THE sphere of human life is studied with so many motives, and the lines of conduct are so diversely directed, as to present an inexhaustible find to the philosophical observer. Reasons infinitely various arise, as to the sources whence actions spring, the principles on which they proceed, and the the objects to which they tend. While some spe culatists confine their origin and their scope to selfish parallels, others admitting a more liberal variety , acknowledge the existence at least, if not the general prevalence, of disinterested principle . Another class, dazzled by the glare of metaphysical ingenuity, and lost in the mazes of free will and northeast nessity, resort to scepticism as their only clue; resolving all their research after knowledge into learned doubt and ostentatious ignorance. The true philosophy will probably be found in a mixed system of these three opinions ; in a moral constitution, where the despotism of self is qualified by the honourable corrective of generous sentiment; and where the low and levelling ideas of promiscuous predestination, yield to the dignity of free agency and the order of reason . When the parliamentary mover announces that a string of motions is to follow his first proposition, he is called on by the prudent caution of the hearers, for an exposition of those which he threatens are to follow. Without the privilege of parliament, though honoured with the sanction of the higher powers, and favoured with the indulgence of the public, the Observer feels himself more called upon to expound the intended series of his disquisitions. As " the proper study of mankind is man," his intention is to pursue the subject in its several parts; to investigate the sources of human conduct j to discover cover the springs that continue to actuate; and to display the objects that allure or deter. For the division of a subject so various and important, it is not easy to find a more comprehensive model, than the distribution marked out in the plan of the great Roman satirist, which appears at the head of this paper. His observation had the richest and most extensive variety for its object. Triumphant in arms, and eminent in arts, the mistress of the European world presented an universal scene for the investigation of the philosopher and the strictures of the censor. With power to command the means, and wealth to purchase the objects; of every gratification, Imperial Rome exhibited at once the advantages of the arts and refinement which polish life, and the mischiefs that result from their abuse and excess. While we contemplate the immortal monuments of learning and genius , of philosophy , oratory and poetry, which she has bequeathed to the admiration of posterity; we are condemned at the same time to view , with a sigh for the imper section of our nature , the follies that disgraced her wisdom, and the vices that sullied her glories. More fatal than the most hostile arms, according to the satirist, luxury undermined the greatness invincible to every other foe; and the