T HE lady's ENCYCLOPAEDIA: 0 R, A. C ONCI s E ANALYSIS OF THE BE LLE S LETTERS, THE FINE ARTS, AND THE SCIENCES, IN THREE VOLUMES . ILLUSTRATED WITH FIFTY ENGRAVED HEADS, AND THIRTY-FOUR MAPS, c. BY THE REV. J. SEALLY, LL.D.. MEMBER OF THE ROMAN ACADEMY; AUTHOR OF THE HISTOIRE CHRONOLOGIQUE SACREE ET PROFANE; THE GEOGRAPHICAL DICTIONARY; ELEMENTS OF ASTRONOMY, GEOGRAPHY, CC. V O L I. LES LONCS OUVRAGES ME FONT PEUR, LOIN D'BPUISER UNE MATIERE, ON N'EN DOIT PENDRE QUE LA FLEUR. LA FONTAIN' LONDON: IP.NTED FOR J. MURRAY, n9 32, FLEET STREET AND W. CREECH, eidinb1urgih I, DCC, I XXXVIII. /', ', ' -,, - -, t. ' - - (-^/'^, // 7!2' P R E F A C E. T H E learned and indulgent critic needs not to be informed, that a work of this nature necessarily exhibits a series of matter, partly composed, partly translated, and partly drawn from such writers , ancient and modern, living and dead, natives and foreigners, who have a distinguished rank among the literati, for their genius , taste, or erudition. In this .enlightened age, there is scarce a being so wretchedly ignorant,. but knows, that a proper education is of the utmost importance to the welfare of society, and the happiness of individuals; yet in our modern refinements , when both sexes are ambitious of appearing to the greatest advantage, when external and ostentatious accomplishments are the supreme objeets of attention, : .it is really astonishing that the education of YOUNG LADIES in particular, should in a manner be almost univer verfally neglected, and that little or no care should be employed in acquiring a graceful enunciation, a knowledge of grammar, and polite literature in general . * The Critical Review, on the subject of reading , hath the following apposite passage: The generality of A 2 The Author's endeavours to render these volumes as ENTERTAINING as they are USEFUL, will, he hopes, meet with indulgence from a discerning Public, and impartial censor, to whom the Lady and Gentleman's Encyclopaedia is with the utmost diffidence and respect implicitly submitted. Vol. I. exhibits a series of the Greek, Latin, and Italian POETS and ORATORS, chronologically arranged, with the most beautiful passages translated. The First Age of the Grecian Poets contains ketches of the charaser and writings of Linus, Amphion, Orpheus, Pamphos, Olen, Olympus, miufeus, Melampus, and Phemius, The Second Age includes Homer, Hesiod, Callinus, Alcman, Archilocus, and Tyrtaus. The Third Age has Stefichorus, Alcaus, Sappho, Epimenides, : Mimnermus, Sufaron, our teaux and belles learn to speak and read ; 'but, in fread of endeavouring to acquire an easy, natural , and graceful elocution, they mumble, they gabble, they iuealk; they lisp, they whine, they cant; they falter, they fiammer, they flutter; in short , they fall into the rmo't unnatural and disagreeable tones, and throw their features into a variety of awkward grimaces. Thespis, Thespis, Anacreon, Choerilus, Phrynicus, La sus, and Pratinas. The Fourth Age charaaerifes Pindar, Corinna, Sophron, Efchylus, Empedocles, Sophocles, Cratinus, Telefilla, Euripides, Hegemon, and Aristophanes. In the Fifth and last Age are Menander, Theocritus, and Callimachus. The First Age' of the Latin Poets livius Andronicus, Ennius, Cacilius, Pacuvius, Ac cuis, Plautus, Terence, Turpilius, Lucilius, Afranius, and Novius. The Second Age lucretius, Decimus La berius, Catullus, C Helvius Cinna, M. T. Varro, Pub. Ter. Varro, and Rabirius. i The Third Age pollio, Gallus, Virgil, Tibullus, Propertius, Horace, Montanus, Ovid, and Phedrus. The Fourth Age lucan, Juvenal, Martial, Statius, Sulpitia, Marulus, Calpurnius, Ausonius, and Claudian. The Portuguese Poet Camoens. Italian Poets dante, Fetrarch, Ariosto, and Ttffo, A 3 The The Grecian Orators are Demosthenes, .Efchines, Hyperides, Lycurgus, Isocrates, Demades, Dinarchus, Lysias, and Pericles. The Roman Orators are Cicero, Pollio, Corvinus, Cato, Caesar, Brutus, Marc Antony, Marcellus, and Pliny the Younger. Vol. II comprizes Grammar, Rhetoric, Logic, and Mythology. With refpet to Grammar, the bishop of London's excellent introduction contains every requisite to a critical knowledge of the English language; but, as may sensible writers have already observed, the analytical and logical exactness of investigation may, in general , surpass the comprehension of those to whom the province of teaching Grammar is commonly allotted, and is.perhaps the only reason why it is not universally received. This form however will ever merit the high regard and attention of the learned : I have therefore been induced to to adapt it to the use of the young Ladies in particular, and have made an abridgement in the author's own terms and language, as far as my plan would admit, of giving a short but perspicuous explication of the principles , and an obvious arrangement of the syntax, could be rendered easy and intelligible . The cry tical tical notes have been omitted, that those who are interested in the sale of the 1ntroduetion, may not suppose this attempt could injure their copy right; on the contrary, it must tend to render it more generally known and studied . In the Rhetorical part, 1 am indebted to Messrs. Mason and Sheridan for many valuable observations; nor have I been wanting in my attention to the best writers in the French and Italian languages. Logic may be justly Rfiled the history of the human mind; or more technically, the art of using our own reason aright, not only with regard to simple ideas , but also judgments and discourses. In methodizing this part of my work , I have closely adhered to that valuable treatise published by Dr. Watts; since I know of no modern who has written with more judgement, clearness, and precision. Mythology is one of the most considerable branches of the Belles letters, notwithstanding, it consists of the wildefr reveries and inconsistencies: Sometimes, indeed, deduced from facts , without date, order , or connexion; and in certain instances, these very fads are variously represented, and frequently repeated. This promiscuous assemblage of tuith ruth andfluoiz would long since have been universally exploded, had it not been for the absolute necessity of making it a preparatory study for the elucidation of the ancient writers . to point out the beauties