of his antagonists, and dogmatism has delighted in the gradual advances of his authority , the immutability of his decrees, and the perpetuity of his power. -- Non ol itlnna dedit Doctumentafors majora, Iqutnfragili kco Starent fiierb i. Insulting chance never called with louder voice, On swelling mortals to be proud no more. Of the innumerable authors whose performances are thus treasured up in magnificent obscurity, obscurity, most are forgotten, because they never deserved to be remembered, and owed the honours which they once obtained, not to judgement or to genius , to labour or to art, but to the prejudice of facion, the ftratagen of intrigue, or the servility of adulation. Nothing is more common than to find men whose works are now totally negleced, mentioned with praises by their contemporaries, as the oracles of their age, and the legislators of science. Curiosity is naturally excited, their volumes after long inquiry are found, but seldom reward the labour of the search. Every period of time has produced these bubbles of artificial fame , which are kept up a while by the breath of fashion, and then break at once, and are annihilated. The learned often bewail the loss of ancient writers whose characers have survived their works ; but perhaps, if we could now retrieve them, we hold find them only the Granvilles, Montagues, Stepneys, and Shefields of their time, and wonder by what infatuation or caprice they could be raised to notice. It cannot, however, be denied, that many have sunk into oblivion, whom it were unjust to number with this despicable class. Various kinds of literary fame seem destined to various measures of duration. Some spread into exuberance with a very speedy growth, but soon wither and decay; some rise more slowly, but last long. Parnassus has its flowers of transient fragrance, as well as its oaks of towering height, and its laurels of eternal verdure. Among Among those whose reputation is exhausted in a flort time by its own luxuriance, are the writers who take advantage of present incidents or charaaers which strongly interest the passions, and engage universal attention. It is not difficult to obtain readers, when we discuss a question which every one is desirous to understand, which is debated in every assembly, and has divided the nation into parties; or when we display the faults or virtues of him whose public conduc has made almost every man his enemy or his friend. To the quick circulation of such produaions all the motives of interest and vanity concur; the disputant enlarges his knowledge , the zealot animates his passion, and every man is desirous to inform himself concerning affairs so vehemently agitated and variously represented. It is scarcely to be imagined, through how many subordinations of interest the ardour of party is diffused; and what multitudes fancy themselves affeced by every satire or panegyric on a man of eminence. Whoever has, at any. time, taken occasion to mention him with praise or blame, whoever happens to love or hate any of his adherents, as he wishes to confirm his opinion , and to strengthen his party, will diligently peruse every paper from which he can hope for sentiments like his own. An objeet, however small in itself, if placed near to the eye, will engross all the rays of light; and a tranfaaion, however trivial, swells into importance when it presses immediately on our attention. He that shall peruse the political pamphlets pamphlets of any past reign, will wonder why they were so eagerly read , or so loudly praised. Many of the performances which had power to inflame fations, and fill a kingdom with confusion, have now very little effect upon a frigid critic; and the time is coming, when the compositions of later hirelings hall lie equally despised. In proportion as those who write on temporary subjects , are exalted above their merit at first, they are afterwards depressed below it; nor can the brightest elegance of dition, or most artful subtlety of reasoning , hope for much esteem from those whose regard is no longer quickened by curiosity or pride. It is indeed the fate of controvertifts, even when they contend for philosophical or theological truth , to be soon laid aside and slighted. Either the question is decided, and there is no more place for doubt and opposition; or mankind despair of understanding it, and grow weary of disturbance, content themselves with quiet ignorance, and refuse to be harassed with labours which they have no hopes of recompensing with knowledge . The authors of new discoveries may surely expecto be reckoned among those, whose writings are secure of veneration: yet it often happens that the general reception of a docrine obscures the books in which it was delivered. When any tenet is generally received and adopted as an incontrovertible principle , we seldom look back to the arguments upon which it was first established , or can bear that tediousness ness of deduction, and multiplicity of evidence, by which its author was forced to reconcile it to prejudice, and fortify it in the weakness of novelty against obstinacy and envy. It is well known how much of our philosophy is derived from Boyle's discovery of the qualities of the air; yet of those who now adopt or enlarge his theory, very few have read the detail of his experiments. His name is, indeed, reverenced; but his works are negleced; we arc contented to know, that he conquered his opponents, without inquiring what cavils were produced against him, or by what proofs they were confilted. Some writers apply themfevhes to studies boundless and inexhaustible, as experiments. and natural philosophy . These are always lost in successive compilations as new advances are made, and former observations become more familiar. Others spend their lives in remarks on language, or explanations of antiquities, and only afford materials for lexicographers and commentators, who are themselves overwhelmed by fubteque; t collectors, that equally destroy the memory of their predecefrors by amplification, transposition, or contracion. Every new system of nature gives