this criticism, he copies from Dr. JOHNSON the articles BUT and HUMOUR, and opposes to them the same articles digested agreeably to his own idea . The various significations of the word BUT are very nicely and happily discriminated. The other article does not seem to have been executed with equal care. The observations on the state of learning in Europe are written with ingenuity and elegance; but are chiefly intererfing, as they show the attention which the Author had given to the philosophy and literature of the Continent, at a period when they were not much studied in this island. In the same volume with the Theory of Moral Sentiments,, Mr. SMITH published a Dissertation " on the Origin of Languages,. and on the different Genius of those which are original and compounded." The remarks I have to offer on these two discourses, I shall, for the sake of diftinanefs, make the subjef of a separate section * - < ] * -- vv : '. ''.. : SECTION II ': ibhe Theory of Moral Sentiments, and the Dissertation on the Origin: of Languages. T HE science of Ethics has been divided'by modern writers into two parts;. the one comprehending the theory of Morals,. and the other its practical doctrines . The questions about which the former is employed, are chieffy the two following, firj/, By what principle of our constitution are we led to form the notion of moral diftintions; whether by that faculty which perceives the distinction between truth and falsehood; or by a peculiar power of perception, which is pleased with one set of qualities,. and dfpleafed with another? Secondly, What is the proper object of moral appro -- bation; or, in other words , What is the common quality or qualities belonging to all the different modes of virtue? Is it benevolence; or a rational self-love; or a disposition to act suitably to the. different relations in which we are placed? These two questions seem. to exhaust the whole theory of Morals. The scope of the one is to ascertain the origin of our moral ideas ; that of the other, to refer the phenomena of moral perception to their most simple and general laws .. The pracical doctrines of morality comprehend all those rules of condut which profess to point out the proper ends of human pursuit, and the most effectual means of attaining them.; to which we may add all those literary compositions, whatever be their particular form, which have for their aim to fortify and animate our good dispositions, by delineations of the beauty, of the dignity, or. of the utility of Virtue.. I hall not inquire at present into. the justness of this division.: I Shall. only observe, that: the wordas Theory and Practice are not,, inl in this instance, employed in their usual acceptations. The theory of Morals does not bear, for example, the same relation to the practice of Morals, that the theory of geometry bears to practical geometry. - In this last science, all the pracical rules are founded on theoretical principles previously established : But in the former science, the pracical rules are obvious to the capacities of all mankind ; the theoretical principles form one of the most dificult fubjets of dif cuffiobi that have ever exercised the ingenuity of metaphysicians. In illustrating the doctrines of practical morality, (if we make allowance for tome unfortunate prejudices produced or encouraged by violent and oppressive systems of policy,) the ancients seem to have availed themselves of every light furnifled by nature to human reason ; and indeed those writers who, in later times, have treated the subjer with the greatest success, are they who have followed most closely the footsteps of the Greek and the Roman philosophers. The theoretical question, too, concerning the essence of virtue, or the proper objc&e of moral approbation, was a favourite topic of discussion in the ancient schools. The question concerning the principlj of moral approbation, though not entirely of modern origin, has been chiefly agitated since the writings of Dr. CUDWORTH, in opposition to those of Mr. HOBBES; and it is this question accordingly, (recommended, at once, by its novelty and difficulty to the curiosity of speculative men,) that has produced most of the theories which charaterife and distinguish from each other the later systems of moral philosophy . It was the opinion of Dr. CPDWORTI, and also of Dr. clarxe, that moral diftintions are perceived by that. power of the mind which distinguishes truth from falsehood. This system it was one great objec of Dr. HUTCHESON's philosophy to refute, and in opposition to it, to show that. theiwords Right and Wrong exprefsi .'; : ~~~~~~~~~~- - certain certain agreeable and disagreeable. qualities in ations, which it is not the province of reason but of feeling to perceive ; and to that power of perception which renders us susceptible of pleasure or. of pain from the view of virtue or of vice, he gave the name of the Moral Sense. His reasonings upon this subjec are in the main acquiesced in,. both by Mr. huien and Mr. smlit; but they differ from him in one important particular, -- Dr. HUTCHESON plainly supposing, that the moral sense is a simple principle of our constitution, of which no account can be given; whereas the other two philosophers have both attempted to analyse it into other principles more general . Their systems ,. however, with refpegt to it are very different from each other. According to Mr. HUME, all the qualities which are denominated virtuous, are useful either to ourselves or to others, and the pleasure which we derive from the view of them is the pleasure of utility. ' Mr. SMITH, without rejecing entirely Mr. HUME's dotrine, proposes another of his own, far more comprehensive ; a doctrine with which he thinks all the, .most celebrated theories of morality invented by his predecessors coincide in part, and from some partial view of which he appre -- hends that they have all proceeded.. Of this very ingenious and