intelligences , and iis imlaginary principles of good and evil. For as the ( 13) the human foul.e, xperienced. the agency of the one or the other, it would.incline to superstition or enthusiasm; and we have already seen that neither superstition nor enthufiafin, are of a nature to confirm and meliorate the habits of the mind. Philosophy is chiefly valuable, not as k furnishes an idle quibble or a silly question for the. schools, but as it supplies mankind .with a4 rule of condut. Socrates was convinced of the'trpth of, this.; i he accordingly indulged himself less. than any of the heathen philosophers. in the licentiousness of metaphysical investigation :! His: errors were not to. glaring and conspicuous; his precepts : were rather practical than speculative. But notwithstanding the purity of his life and the sublimity of his morality; the infamous conduc of the Athenians, in putting to death this great and venerable man, would convince the most sceptical, that doctrines which could supply the multitude with motives merely temporal (for. Socrates him felfdoubted the existence of a future state) will never bear them up against the force ofppaffion and the temptation qs present advantage. Fraught with the: subtleties of.the Pythagorean, and. probably with the sublime notions of the Hebrew school, Plato blended many'fpecuiative ppinions With the simple precepts of Socrates. He ( 14) He (with several of the ancient phiiofophers) Ia boured under a capital error, in endeavouring to prove the eternity and immutability of the material world , by assuming it as an universal axiom , that from nothing, nothing can proceed, and that nothing which exists can be annihilated. Such a Sentiment is highly derogatory from that power, which the sacred scriptures teach us to expe&t in the Governor of the universe . This philosopher exalts man infinitely above the character and nature of his being, unites him with certain imaginary divine principles , and with Zoroaster, con duets him, through various orders of emanation and forms of intelligence , to the supreme deity, the knowledge of whom, says he, * it is no less difficult to attain, than dangerous and impious to publish. As imagination bodies forth The forms of things unknown, the poet's pen Turns them to shapes, and gives to airy nothing A local habitation and a name. These creatures of his fancy, he represents as the first principles of wisdom. But it is happy for mankind , that the foundations of true wisdom, rest on surer grounds than the visionary speculations of Plato. * Tim. Ser. T. 3, p. z8. Nothing ( 7s), Nothing can'be more simple and perspicuous than the origin of evil, as described in the. sacred volume . How different from that blind and re fra&ory force of matter, the cause of all the im perfetions and disorders of creation, which rites superior to the Deity himself, counteracts his most benevolent purposes, and makes him the mere tool of an inert unanimated substance? How totally different from that chain of necessity, from that eternal, irresistible, immutable series of causes and effets. The doctrine of a future state is the most important and distinguished feature of Christianity. Among innumerable other motives to virtuous action, this is the most powerful. The profpeet which eternal happiness opens to our view , Seems another morn Risen on mid noon.. And while infinite wisdom has drawn a veil over an object so inconceivably grand and excellent, Hope elevates, and joy Brightens our cret. We ardently desire to possess that blessing, the extent of which no eye can see, no heart conceive, and which no tongue can adequately tell. We are assured however, that it will far exceed our most sanguine expectations, and answer our most boundless wishes. What ( i6) What idea then .are we to form of that animating principle of action, which, at the expiration of the Great Year, will reduce everything to its ancient state? Of that eternal round, when the mind is to re ast all its follies and vices and deformities? When we shall be. recalled to life, not by the appointment of a wife and merciful God, but by the irresistible' law of fate; not for the enjoyment of: perfe&t felicity, but toa slate that is replete with disaster, inifirmity and error? The greater part of mankind certainly drink much -- deeper of the cup ofmifery than of happiness; hence the ideas , which these doatrines hold up to their view are not of a nature to administer to their comfort. From the universality of its nature , and the indelicacy of its choice, no passion is susceptible of a greater variety of modifications than that of vanity.. When gratified, it branches out into arrogance and an affe tation of singularity; when disappointed, and it generally is disappointed, it degenerates into the opposite extreme of envy, misanthropy and brutality of character. this.intole rant and unsociable disposition of mind has given birth to innumerable sects. To some such source as this we may trace the origin of the Cynics, Stoics, Pythagoreans, Epicureans, and in a still later period ( '7) period the Pyrrhonifts. The tenets of these fees, extravagant and preposterous in the extreme, are little suited to nourish this our poor and shivering nature they cannot but close the softer avenues of the soul, and destroy all its finer sensibilities. If, with that sympathetic and affecting scene, the lamentation of our Saviour, when he anticipated the calamities, which were to befall the Jewish nation, we contrast that parade of'stoical fortitude, which commands its wise men, not only to be free from all sense of pleasure, but void of all passions and emotions, and capable of indifference in the midst of torment; how humane , natural and graceful the one! How affected, distorted and disgusting the other! Should either of these lessons ever become the grand precedents, for the conduct of mankind , their respective es sects would, be too obvious to need a comment. Some of the Grecian Philosophers admitted that the Deity might possibly exiftl; but, instead of exhibiting his divine wisdom