their' taste for sublime knowledge and wis n and E. dom. wve might, perhaps, be able to form a judge gyptians. ment of their philosophical tenets , if that moult ancient [d] The history of the oriental philosophy by Mr. STANLEY; though it is not void of all kind of merit, is yet extremely defective. That learned author is so far from having exhausted his subjea, that he has left it, on the contrary, in many places wholly untouched. The history of philosophy published, in Germany, by the very learned Mr. brbucrer, is varly preferable to Mr. STANLEY's work ; and the German author , indeed, much superior to the English one, both in point of genius and of erudition. [ej See hydei's Hifiory of the religion of the ancient Persians, a work full of erudition and disorder, and interspersed with conjectures of the most improbable kind. [f] Seea treatifeo Jo. CHRISTOPH. WOLF, publifled at Hamburg, in 1707, under the title of ilmanicbeifmus ante Manichaeos. See also MOSHEIM's Observations upon CUDWORTH's Intelletual fyftne of the universe , p. 32a. 423. is] Sec ABULPHARAIUS, De moribus 4rabum, published bypococ;. book , CENT.I. book , which they looked upon as particularly sacred, - ' and which they call veda, or the law , were, brought to light and translated into rome known language. But the accounts, which are given of this remarkable book , by those who have been in the Indies, are so various and irreconcilable with each other, that we muss yet wait for further satisfaction on this head [hi. As to the Egyptians, they were divided, as every one knows, into a multitude of sets and opinions [i]; so that their labour seems exceeding fruitlef;, who endeavour to reduce the philosophy of this people to one system . The oriental IV But of all the different systems of philosophy that prperpyhro were received in Asia and Africa about the time of our called. Saviour, none was so detrimental to the Christian religion, as that which was styled gnosis, or science, i. e. the way to the true knowledge of the deity, and which we have above called the oriental doctrine , in order to distinguish it from the Grecian philosophy . It was from the bosom of this pretended oriental wisdom, that the chiefs of those seóts, which in the three sirss centuries perplexed and affliced the Christian church, originally issued forth. These supercilious dotors, endeavouring to accommodate to the tenets of their fantastic philosophy , the pure, the simple , and sublime doctrines of the son of God, brought forth, as the result of this jarring composition, a multitude of idle dreams and fictions, and imposed upon their followers a system of opinions , which were partly ludicrous, and partly perplexed with intricate subtleties, and covered over with impenetrable obscurity. The ancient doctors, both Greek and Latin. whooppofed these feds, considered them as so many [h] I have lately heard that this mos important, and long expeted book has been acquired by some French jesuits, who are mifionaries ig the Indies, and who have sent it over to the king of France his library It is also said, that it is already translated, or will be so immediately See Lettre du P. Calmette a M de Cartigny, dans les Letters edifiantes e curieu/es des Mijions Etrangers, XXI Recueil, p. 445. as also Recueilxxiii p. 16i. [i] See MOSHEIM's Obferviations on the intelleiual syfjem, c. in hi Latin translation of that work , tom. i. p. 415. branche branches that derived their origin from the platoniccent. I. philosophy . But this was pure illusion: an apparent resemblance between certain opinions of PLATO, and ome of the tenets of the eastern schools, deceived there good men, who had no knowledge but of the Grecian hilofophy, and were absolutely ignorant of the oriental oetrines. Whoever compares the platonic and gnostic hilofophy together, will easily perceive the wide difference that there is between them. V Thefirft principles of the oriental philosophy seem The fira erfectly consistent with the dietates of reason ; for ittph'ischllfo rft founder must undoubtedly have argued in the fol pby owing manner: " There are many evils in this world , "and men seem impelled by a natural inftint to the "pracice of those things which reason condemns; but 'that eternal mind, from which all spirits derive their 'exiffence, muss be inacceltible to all kinds of evil, 'and also of a moss perfect and beneficent nature ; 'therefore the origin of those evils, with which the ' universe abounds, muss be sought somewhere else than "in the deity. It cannot reside in him who is all per "fe&tion; and therefore it muss be without him. Now, 'there is nothing without or beyond the deity, but matter; therefore matter is the centre and source of all ' vice." Having taken for granted these principles , they proceeded further, and affirmed, that matter was eternal, and derived its present form, not from the will of the supreme God, but from the creating power of some inferior intelligence , to whom the world anditsin habitants owed their existence. As a proof of this as fertion, they alleged that it was incredible, that the supreme deity, perfectly good, and infinitely removed from all evil, should either create or modify matter, which is eftentially malignant and corrupt, or bestow upon it, in any degree, the riches of his wisdom and liberality. They were, however, aware of the insuperable difficulties that lay against their system ; for when they were called to explain, in an accurate and satisfactory manner, how this rude and corrupt matter came to CENT. I. to be arranged into such a regular and harmonious frame as that of the universe , and, particularly, how celestial spirits were joined to bodies formed out of its malignant mass, they were sadly embarrassed, and found that the plainest dictates of reason declared their tyftem incapable of defence. In this perplexity, they had recourse to wild fictions and romantic fables, in order to give an account of the formation of the world , and the origin of mankind . The