half of the Gospel; that piety and felf government are duties not worth a wise man's notice; that benevolence is the sum of all virtue and all religion, and that one great proof of our benevolence is to set mankind afloat in uncertainty, and make them as uneasy and hopeless as we can. When there positions are thus collected together, and proposed without sophistry or disguise to a plain understanding, they appear more like the feverish dreams of a disordered imagination, than the serious assertions of sober and reasonable men. And yet they are notori oufy nothing more than a faithful compendium of what ome of the most favourite authors of the age, both foreign and domestic, avowedly recommend to us, as maxims of wisdom and rules of conduct. Were they acually adopted as such by the bulk of the people, it is easy to see what wild work they would make in foci 1 cty. ety. In effee, the recent opportunities we have had in this island, of observing the ridiculous extravagances resulting from those principles , and the infinite absurdities of a practice formed on the too prevailing system of modern ethics, are abundantly sufficient to convince us of their utter unfitness for the uses and the duties of common life, as well as for the purposes of the life to come. It behoves us, therefore, to guard our young disciples with the utmost care against this visionary fantastic philosophy , which owes its birth to the concurrence of much vanity and little judgement, with a warm and ungoverned imagination, and is studious to recommend itself by the united charms of novelty and eloquence. These are indeed to young minds attractions almost irresistible, but yet a right culture of the understanding will be an effeatual security against them; and with some few improvements, there cannot, perhaps, be a better for that purpose, than the course of study marked out by the wisdom of the university to the youth of this place; and which, to their praise be it spoken, is pursued by them with alloniflling application and fuiccefs. That judicious mixture of polite letters an(l philosophic sciences, which is the necefliry preparative for their first degree, is admirably calculated at once to refine their taste, enlarge theii their notions , and exalt their minds. By begin niiilginthe first place with classical literature, and improving the acquaintance they have already imade with the belt and purest writers of antiquity, they will insensibly acquire a relish for true simplicity and chastity of compofitidn. They will learn strength and clearness of conception, accuracy, order , correetnefs, copiousness, elegance and dignity of expression. They will find that the most justly approved writers of our own times have formed themselves on those great models; and (as one, who well understood what originality was, expresses himself) they will perceive that, a true genius is not any bold writer , who breaks through the rules of decency to distinguish himself by the singularity of his opinions ; but one who, on a deserving subject is able to open new scenes, and discover a vein of true and noble thinking, which never entered into any imagination before; every stroke of whose pen is worth all the paper blotted by hundreds of others in the whole course of their lives *." The cultivation of logic, at the same time, .ind the most useful and practical branches of the mathematics (which are excellent examples of revere reasoning and sagacious investigation) I 2 will Swift's proposal for cori: eing, improving, and as ert.iiiling ti: lenglifli tongue; in a letter to Loid Ox 1"r l. will also be of singular use in preserving our youth from error, in every subsequent part of knowledge . It will teach them to arrange, and methodise, and connet their thoughts; to examine the arguments of others with a nice and critical penetration; to pursue them through a long concatenation of dependent propositions, and discover whether any link in the chain of proofs be wanting; to distinguish sense from sound, ideas from words , hasty and peremptory decisions from just and legitimate conclusions. It will put them upon their guard against bold and novel opinions , especially if addressed to the imagination by firokes of wit, or to the heart by affeaing descriptions, rather than to the understanding by sound and conclusive reasoning . By keeping their judgement in contfant exercise, it will improve and strengthen that excellent and useful, but too little regarded faculty. It will instruct them in the several degrees of certainty, and the various kinds of proof, of which different subjects are capable; the just grounds of doubt, assent, or disbelief; the true limits and extent of the human understanding; that precise point, in hort, at which our curiosity ought to flop, and beyond which, all is uncertainty, conjecure, and darkness. The first suitable employment of our minds, thus improved, is to turn their new acquired sagacity gacity inward upon themselves, and with the help of the best ethical writers , ancient and modern, to make a careful infpetion into their own wonderful frame and constitution. This leads us into the province of moral philosophy ; by the aid of which we hall perceive more dif tinetly, the nature and true value of the.ra tional, the social, the selfish, principles of action within us, and what tenor of life they point out to us as best accommodated to our circumstances, and calculated to produce the most substantial happiness. By leading young people early into such inquiries as these, many things may be taught them of unspeakable use to themselves and others, and many admirable rules suggested to them for the regulation of their future conduct. After this survey of the moral, it is time to contemplate the wonders of the material world . The great volume of nature is therefore now thrown open to the student. He is led by the hand of science through all the useful and sublime discoveries of the Newtonian philosophy . He is made acquainted with the several properties of