that tome of them discovered , or imagined they discovered , in his writings, the doctrine of the Trinity; that others publiflcd formal difler ations to prove the certainty of his salvation, though a heathen: and that a patriarch of Venice is said to have called up the devil expressly, in order to learn from him the meaning of a hard word in Arillotle's phylics But the crafty demon, who perhaps did not understand it himself, answered in a voice to low and intricate, that the good prelate knew not a word lie !id. This was the famous Hermalaus Barbaro. The Greek word , rhat occasioned his taking so extraordinary a tfep, is the Enrelechia of the Peripatetics, from whence the schoolmen railed their substantial formls; and which Leibnitz, towards the end end of the last century, attempted to revive in his Theory of Morion. The Reformation itself, that diffused a new light over Europe, that set men upon inquiring into errors and prepossessions of every kind, served only ro confirm the dominion of this philosophy : Proreftants as well as Papifis entrenching themselves behind the authority of Aristotle, and defending their several tenets by the weapons with which lie furniflaed them; This unnatural alliance, of theology with the peripatetic doarines, rendered his opinions not only venerable but sacred: they were reckoned as the landmarks of both faith and reason , which to pull or remove would be daring and impious. Innovations in philosophy , it was imagined, would gradually sap the very. foundations of religion, and' in the end lead to down right atheism. If that veil of awful obscurity, which then covered the face of nature , should be once drawn, the rash curiosity of mankind would lead them to account for all appearances in the visible world , bly second causes, by the powers of matter and mechaniin; and thus they might come insensibly to forget or neg!e&t the great original Cause of all. This kind of reasoning convinced the multitude , over awed the wiser few , and effectually put a flop to the progress of useful knowledge . Such, in general , were the dispositions of mankind lwhen Sir Francis Bacon came into the world ; lwhom we will now confider as the founder of a new new set, but : as the great asserter of human liberty againlf them all; as one who rescued reason and truth from the lavery in which they had been held till.then. byteach sea alike. A plausible hy potielis, a fhiining theory, are more amuting to the imagination, and a shorter way to fame , than the patient and humble method of experimenting, of purhuing nature through all her labyrinths by fat and observation; no wonder , therefore, that a philosophy , built on this principle , could not, at first, make any sudden or general revolution in the learned world . 'But its progress, like that of time, quiet, slow, and sure, has in the end been mighty and universal . He was not, however, the first among the moderns who ventured to diffent frorn Ariftorle. Ramus, .Patricius, Bruno, Severinus, to name no more, had already attacked the authority of that tyrant: in learning , who had long reigned as absolutely over the opinions , as his refilefs pupil had of old asseted to do over the persons of men. But there writers invented little that was valuable themselves, howeverjuftly they might reprehend many things in him. And as to the real improvements made in obme parts of natural knowledge before our author appeared, by Gilbert, Harvey, Copernicus, Father Paul, and some few others, they are well known, and have been deservedly celebrated. Yet there was fill wanting one great and comprehensive plan, that might embrace the almost infinite varieties of science, and guide our inquiries aright in all. This Sir Francis Bacon at first first conceived in its utmost extent; to his own lasting honour, and to the general utility of man lind. If we sand surprised at the happy imagination of such a f' stem, our surprise redoubles upon us when we reflef, that he invented and melho dized this system , perfefled so much, and fierched out so much more of it, amidsi the drudgery of business and the civil tumults of a court. Nature seems to have intended him peculiarly for this pro. vince, by bestowing on him, with a liberal hand; all the qualities requisite; a fancy voluble and prompt to discover the Similitudes of things; a judgement steady and intent to note their subtlest differences: a love of meditation and inquiry; a patience in doubting; a slowness and diffidence in affirming; a facility of retraaing; a judicious anxiety to plan and dispose. A mind of such a call, that neither affeaed novelty, nor idolised antiquity, that was an enemy to all imposture, must have had a certain congeniality and natural relation to truth . These characters, which, with a noble confidence, he has applied to himself, are obvious and eminent in his Instauration of the Sciences; a work by him designed, not as a monument. to his own fame , but a perpetual legacy for the common benefit of others; and which proved to be the great trunk from which, in succeeding times, all the various branches of philosophy did shoot forth and slourilh. The The Effes of a S o ( 1 AL Gi L A SS in promoting iiappinefs and Good hiumour. S I R, IT is a common observation among good companions, "That such a one is excellent company, or "the wittiest man living, after the second bottle; " others have their recommendations commenced later, and are reckoned as "absent" persons till the fourth or fifth stalk brings them into company, where they exert themselves with great fprightli ness, and soon outflline the rest of the table. As one who has been kept with a severe hand from the use of a plentiful fortune, as soon as that restraint is removed runs into greater lengths of extravagance than those who have always had a sufficient share of wealth; so these sparks, who come