the footstool of the throne of God. False schemes of natural philosophy may lead to' atheism, or suggest opinions concerning the Deity, and the universe , of the most dangerous consequences to mankind ; and you have the more reason to be on your' guard on this head, as the philosophers of France have, for many years, been perverting it to the most dirleand malignant purposes. True philosophy will lead you to believe in, and adore, the Supreme Being; and as it continually exhibits brighter and brighter instances of his wisdom and power, it removes also, in part, that veil spread over nature , which conceals from our view its awful depths and majestic heights; and thus enables you to see the glories of the Almighty shining in this his exalted creation, and hence instructs you to raise your voice in praises to im, who is alone worthy to receive glory and honour and power; for it is by Him that all things were created, and also that they are continually preserved. "That one great and universal mind, who made all things by his power, and preserves them in his goodness, is the first and only cause, operating at all times and in all places, and producing by an exertion of his will, all the various phenomena of the material system . This first and universal cause,, however, in the ordinary administration of his providence, hath condescended to employ second causes as the instruments of his will by which he acts; which second causes he hath also appointed in his wisdom to operate through every part of his creation by general laws . To trace the hand of the Almighty through all his works , to investigate these general causes, and to erect them into the laws of physics, is the sublime , the delectable, and honourable employment of the natural philosopher To explain, therefore, with certainty the phenomena of nature , to remove their obscurities, and ob, - serve their influence and connexion, is the great business of philosophy ; for this purpose the obl * See Tattamn's admirable work , entitled, Scale and Chart .of Truth , p. 133. 1 4 4 server must obtain certain fixed points, which may serve as signals to conduct him in the difficult path he has undertaken, and prevent his wandering too. far fi-om the main road. 'Physical logic does not consist in argument, but in discovering facts , not what agrees with principles , but the principles themselves. There is a meaning and design in every operation of nature . The natural philosopher endeavours to discover this meaning, and interpret these designs by a careful observation of her steps; but if the mind hastily imbibes, and without discrimination treasures up the first notices of things, error will ever prevail and remain uncorrected; for if these primary notices are vitiated, confused, or inaccurate, those derived from them will be equally defective, and the knowledge built thereon like a magnificent structure on a bad foundation . The philosopher, therefore, avoids the demonstra tioi of syllogism, because it continually lets nature and reality slip through its fingers, and wrests the works thereof to make them square with the works of men; whereas the works of men ought to be submitted and fornned according to the works of nature ; so that logical demonstrations applied to physical matters are only the play of words . He therefore takes induction for the form of demonstration, as it guards the senses, presses nature close, and rules over her works . Instead of flying immediately from the senses, and particulars to generals , about which disputes always turned, and deriving intermediate principles from these in a short but precipitate manner, a manner fit for controversy, but unfit to close with nature , he cn deavours to raise propositions by degrees, and thus arrive at general axioms , axioms not notional , but Rwell defined, and such as are conformable to the ha. sure of things, Axioms raised, says Lord Bacon, by argumentation, can never be useful in discovering new works ; for there is no mode of raising axioms , but by a legitimate and proper form of induction, capable of separating expericnc, and concluding of necessity after all the proper rejections and exjusions are made. Beginning then with phenomena, the philosopher endeavours to trace out the proximate causes, and rising gradually from particular causes, he proceeds to the more general , and so on by sure and uninterrupted steps, man comes without stop or gap. to the top round, or unity of nature ; from whence he may descend in a contrary order , and from established principles explain the phenomena derived from them. In no other mode can we be sure that we assume the principles which really obtain in nature , or that any system we may compose, ' is not mere dream and illusion. Thus you see that the process of induction is an ascent from particular premises to general conclusion. The evidence of such general conclusion is only probable, not demonstrative; yet if the induction be sufficiently copious and properly conducted, it forces conviction as strongly as demonstration. Mere reasoning will carry a man but a very little way in most subjects ; but by observation and experiments properly conducted, the stock of human knowledge may be continually enlarged. Before the philosopher forms his judgement, he must, by accurate experiments, and diligent observations, search out how far the phcnomena he is investigating is influenced by others, and this in all possible cases and circumstances, by What modifications it is affected, and in what proportion it is combined and connected with other effects: he will thus endeavour to obtain an exact notion of the object of his researches, and marching solidly towards truth , he will interrogate nature with success; being careful to stop where no experimental proof can be procured, find not presuming where the subtlety of nature carries things out of his reach; for he might as well pretend to build without materials, as to form without observation and experiment a rational system of natural science. General principles cannot be established with