solidity, without numerous experiments, and many observations on the same individual subject , and then on different subjects of the same species: their probability is greater as the observations on which they are founded are more numerous, and accurately performed: all exceptions being then made, a sound and serviceable portion of truth will be left behind as a general axiom . " By a repetition of the same industrious process and laborious investigation, he advances from general to more general , till at last he is able to form a few of the most general , with their attributes and operations, into axiorris, or secondary principles , which are the well founded laws enacted and enforced by the God of nature ." Having discovered any of these laws or causes, it becomes the business of philosophy to trace them in all their effects, and to predict similar appearances from similar previous situations. The philosopher, by knowing what will be the result of putting things into a variety of circumstances, becomes master of the powers of nature , and can apply them to useful purposes of life; and thus 'does knowledge , as Lord Bacon observes, become power. .The ancient logic, far from correcting'what was, wrong, served rather to fix error in the mind than open the way to truth . Lord Bacon had to begin anew, and lay down such rules for the workings of the mind, as would never leave it to itself; as if the business was to be performed by a machine, (an organum) which would settle the degrees of certainty, and contrive such ways of submitting things to the senses, as that a true judgement might be formed concerning them. Being convinced by careful observation, that the human understanding perplexes itself, and does not make a sober and advantageous use of the real helps within its reach; and that this occasioned manifold ignorance and many inconveniences;. he employed his utmost endeavours to restore and cultivate a just and legitimate fiimiliarity between the mind and things, by raising a new art, in which reason and experience should be joined together for the improvement of philosophy . This establishment of a new logic is called, by our author , C the art of interpreting nature ." The end of the new logic is, as we before observed, to find not arguments but arts; not what agrees with principle , but principles themselves; not probable reasons , but plans and designs of works ; a different intention produces a different effect. In one the adversary is conquered by dispute, in the other nature by works . And suitable to this difference of the design, is the nature and order of the demonstrations, which here is purely inductive. Those, therefore, who determine not to conjecture, but to find out and know, not to invent fables and romances of worlds , but to look into and dissect the nature of this real world , must only consult things themselves. Nor can any force of genius , stretch of thought, or subtlety of argument, be substituted for labour, search, and inspection. The knowledge and power of man are coincident; for while he is ignorant of causes, he can produce no effects. Nature is only to be conquered by submission, by condescending to inquire into and observing her methods of working , as a servant would learn those of his master. No power of man can break the natural chain of causes; so that the only method whereby man can rule nature , must depend upon learning her ways. And good hopes can only then be conceived'of the science, when by continued steps, like real stai; s uninterrupted or unbroken, men shall ascend from particulars to lesser axioms , and so on to middle ones, and from these again to higher, and lastly, to the highest of all; and thus discover the forms or active laws of nature , by which all things exist and have their effects. To the discovery of these laws , we are continually directed by Lord Bacon, as to a thing that alone will constitute a just and universal theory, and direct to an extensive practice. His instauration, or scheme for rebuilding arts: and sciences, depends upon the discovery of forms: but these forms or. laws can be truly investigated by no other means.than that of induction. It is therefore of, the utmost importance in philosophy to ascertain, as accurately as possible, the general powers in nature , to determine their causes, and trace their consequences; for as the phenomena of nature are infinite , and the faculties of the human mind are limited, these phenomena, when considered as unconnected with other facts , convey but little instruction. The infinite not being the object of science, till the forms or laws of nature be known, by .careful observation and accurate induction, no progress can be made in natural philosophy . Hence the necessity of collating and connecting corresponding facts , and the advantage of reducing them to certain axioms , and applying these to account for other phenomena; that we may at last advance to a knowledge of the most general laws that regulate the system of operations in nature . But though we may be warranted to consider all the phenomena that we find connected with these general laws , and manifestly depending upon them, as so many facts explained, so many truths known and understood; yet we ought not to overlook such phelno. mena as are not reducible to those general principles ; but should view them as simple and separate facts , and treasure them up till a more enlarged experience, and more accurate observation, lead us to the discovery of those powers of nature to which they are to be referred. This method of reasoning founded on experiments and observation, by which the general ideas and forms of natural philosophy are invented, is purely and exclusively inductive. The schools are not the theatre in which this philosophical logic is displayed. It does not delight in external appearances and ostentatious formality. It retires from the clamour of verbal disputation into the retreat of the elaboratory and observatory, where in