prepare the Prince by bare hypotheses, to submit and to distrust his understanding : But it was necessary that the Prophet should disengage Cyrus from all bold speculations, how refined and bright soever they might appear, and lead him to the belief of afupernatural religion, not by a philo Ibphical denonfiration of it's doctrines , but by proving them to be divinely revealed. In a word , he should fix the mind of the young Hero by indisputable fals, which firike much more forcibly than abffraf ideas . And it is for this reason that the Author introduces in his last book two persons of very different characters, a Philosopher and a Prophet; the one employs the power of reason against incredulity, the other imposes silence on all reasonings by a supernatural authority . Th's is the only use which the Author would II ache of the opinions of Origen; they answer the objections of the incredulous concerning the beginning and duration of evil; they Thew, that since the weak reason reason of the Philosophers can find a plausible solution of those great difficulties, we may well conclude that the infinite Wisdom will be able one day to justify his ways, which are now impenetrable. So long as it is allowable to philosophise, the Author exposes the most probable fy items and hypotheses; but when the question is of faith, he reasons only upon palpable facts in order to discover whether God has. spoken to his creatures or not: The moment we were convinced of this, all doubtful opinions are lost and absorbed in the depths of the divine incomprehensibility. VII Those who thought the sketches of natural philosophy in this work misplaced, pretending that the ancients are represented more knowing than they really were, wi!! be much more shocked to see those philosophical descriptions augumented in the present edition. It is not surprising to hear this objecion made by empty, superficial minds, who laugh at the Mosaic history, while they adopt the Greek fables concerning the origin of mankind ; but it is astonishing to hear the same cavils from those who reverence revealed religion, who do not believe that man was created originally wild and savage, that he wandrcd in the woods and deserts without knowledge , religion or law , and who have philosophy enough to discern that the world could not come out of the hands of a wife, good and powerful Creator in it's present ignu rance, disorder and corruption. These perfio: s might easily be pcrfuadcd that the first men had knowledge knowledge of God and nature , which are lost in these latter ages; that the sacred writers did not talk at random when they extolled the profound learning of the Orientals and Egyptians, even in the time of Moses; and lastly, that (a) Josephus was not a visionary when he said that the Pagans of his time had an ancient tradition, that Abraham who was famous in Asia communicated many sublime discoveries in natural philosophy to the Chaldeans and Egyptians. The Author however has no need of these pretexts to justify the philosophical descriptions in this work . His aim being to set before the eyes of a young Prince those elements of science which might help to form his understanding and his heart, he thought those physical piaures more proper than poetical paintings to give his pupil a general idea of nature , inspire him with a tafre of philosophy and awaken his desire of knowledge . In puruing this design he has taken the liberty to depart from ftri& truth , content himself with probability, and make anachronisms in natural as well as civil history. VIII Some pretend that the Author has but lightly touched a great many fubjets, without going to the bottom of every one; that this book is rather a summary than a work ; that he steps too quick from one subject to another; and that his style is everywhere too laconic, sometimes too metaphysical and abstruse, and often too void of ornament. (a) See Joseph. Antiq. lib. X cap, 8. Beras ibid. &cvo4. de. Phil. fed. cap. i. p. 3. To this it may be answered, that profound reasoning does not consist in a multiplicity of words . It is perhaps easier to write a great volume than a little one; the labour is not the less real because it is concealed. It was intended that each intelligent reader should have the pleasure of drawing the consequences from the principles , unfolding those firt seeds of truth , cultivating them and gathering thence a harvest of knowledge , of which the Author himself had perhaps no idea . We have a sufficient number of books which convey instruction by diffusive reasonings , ingenious aphorisms and florid illustrations. The Author's design was to habituate the mind of a young Prince to judge by principles , discover the connexion of essential truths and unite them under one view . He says to him upon each subject what is necessary to show, that all nations had originally the same fundamental principles ; that the duties of religion, morality and good policy flow from the same 'source, conspire to the same end, and mutually support and fortify each other; and in a word , that all the civil and human virtues, the laws of nature and nations are, so to speak, but consequences of THE LOVE OF ORDER , which is the eternal and universal law of all intelligences . In a work of this nature , it is necessary to unbend the mind of the reader, without carrying it off from it's principal objec; all the flowers should be thoughts, the graces noble and tender sentiments, the paintings. characters, and the descriptions such pietures as make us acquainted with nature , and admire the Creator. The Author is sensible that he 2 he is far from having executed this vail design, but in the attempt he has made towards it he was obliged to avoid all foreign embellishments, laboured connexions, and the ambitious ornaments of the Greek and Latin poesy. 'T' speak more clearly: Poesy