proof of these principal facts , though' the circumstances should be related differently and be even fabulous? The Author in unfolding the ancient traditions has distinguished between fable and truth , philosophical hypotheses and doctrines of faith, essence and form, the spirit and the letter which ought never to be separated, but which cannot be confounded without disguising and dishonouring Christianity: He hoped thereby to have given a plan of religion equally amia B 2 bie ble and reasonable , and to have shown that its principles are beautiful, its consequences natural , and its original ancient; that it enlightens the mind, comforts the heart and etabliffies the welfare of society. VI Those who degrade the Wisdom and Goodness of God, under pretence of extolling his Power and Justice, have thought that Eleazar's discourse too plainly favoured the opinions of Origen concerning the preexistence of souls and the restitution of all spirits. One may venture to say, that whoever makes this objetion does not understand the plan of the work ; it is as follows: Each Philosopher speaks to Cyrus the language of his own religion and country. The Orientals, Egyptians, Greeks and Tyrians all agree in the original purity, present corruption and future restoration of mankind , but they wrap up there truths in different fables, each according to the genius of their nation. Eleazar clears their system from the pagan fitions, but retains in his own the opinions of his fed. The errors which prevail at this day resemble those of former times. The mind of man sees but a small number of ideas , reviews them continually, and thinks them new only because it expresses them differently in different ages. The Magi in Cyrus's time were fallen into a kind of Atheism like that of Spinoza; Zo roaflcr, To this it may be answered, that profound reasoning does not consist in a multiplicity of words : It is perhaps easier to write a great volume than a little one; the labour is not the less real because it iscon ceal'd. It was intended that each intelligent reader hold have the pleasure of drawing the consequences from the principles , unfolding those first seeds of truth , cultivating them and gathering thence a harvest of knowledge , of which the Author himself had perhaps no idea . We have a sufficient number of books which convey inftrution by diffuse reasonings , ingenious aphorisms and florid illustrations. The Author's design was to habituate the mind of a young Prince to judge by principles , discover the connexion of essential truths and unite them under one view . He says to him upon each subject what is necessary to hew, that all nations had originally the same fundamental principles ; that the duties of religion, morality and good policy flow from the same source, conspire to the same end, and mutually support and fortify each other; and in a word , that all the civil and human virtues, the laws of nature and nations are, so to speak, but consequences of THE LOVE OF ORDER , which is the eternal and universal law of all intelligences . In a work of this nature , it is necessary to unbend the mind of the 4 reader reader, without carrying it off from its principal objet; all the flowers hold be thoughts, the graces noble and tender sentiments, the paintings charaters, and the descriptions such picures as may make us acquainted with nature , and admire the Creator. The Author is sensible that he is far from having executed this vast design, but in the attempt he has made towards it he was obliged to avoid all so reign embellishments, laboured connecions and the ambitious ornaments of the Greek and Latin poesy. To speak more clearly: Poesy has had the same fate with philosophy . The Orientals, the Chaldeans, and above all the Hebrews painted nature without disguising it, and gave life to everything without deifying it. According to them everything proceeds from God, and ought to flow back to him again. All the visible wonders of nature are faint images of his greatness, and the innumerable orders of spirits emanations from his wisdom. Mankind are all but one family of that immense republic of intelligences of which God is the common Father. Each man is as a ray of light separated from its source, itray'd into a corner of diforder'd nature , tossed about by the tumultuous wind of passion, transported from climate to climate by rest lets desires, purified by all the misfortunes it not: Tle moment we were convinced of this, all doubtful opinions are lost and ab forb'd in the depths of the divine incomprehensibility. VII Those who thought the fketchesof natural philosophy in this work misplaced, pretending that the ancients are represented more knowing than they really were, will be much more fhock'd to see those philosophical descriptions augmented in the present edition. It is not surprising to hear this objetion made by empty, superficial minds, who laugh at the Mosaic history, while they adopt the Greek fables concerning the origin of mankind ; but it is aftonih ing to hear the same cavils from those who reverence revealed religion, who do not believe that man was created originally wild and savage, that he wandered in the woods and deserts without knowledge , religion or law , and who have philosophy enough to discern that the world could not come out of the hands of a wife, good and powerful Creator in its present ignorance, disorder and corruption. These persons might easily be persuaded that the first men had knowledges of God and nature , which arc lost in there latter ages; that the sacred writers did not talk at random when they extolled the profound learning of the Orientals and Egyptians, even in the time of Moses; and B 4 lastly, lastly, that Josephus was not a visionary when he said that the Pagans of his time had an ancient tradition, that Abraham who was famous in Asia communicated many sublime discoveries in natural philosophy to the Chaldeans and Egyptians. The Author however