soon almost, as men began to think, dr devote themselves seriously to the study of things. In two centuries the whole circle of the sciences was brought under its cognizance, and in a few more, they became so well known, that notwithstanding the variety riety of opinions , which different sets supported, this form of instruction began to decline and be negle&ed. This likewise would have happened much sooner, had the ancient philosophers been as honest as they were wise. But they were men, and their natural dispositions over powered their love of learning and knowledge . In the first ages of science indeed, they let out with a sole attention to their occupation, and an utter contempt of every other pursuit. They left their ancient patrimony, travelled through the most distant countries bare foot and without food, and were careltfs of every word ly advantage, whilst they inculcated the knowledge of the truth . But at length, they were attraced by ambitious views , so as to court the favours of great and powerful men, they became fond of gaining popularity by the numbers and quality of their disciples, and they even began to feel and enjoy the benefits of wealth. To secure these things A then, then, mere philosophy , grounded upon the truth of things and the phanome na of nature , was not sufficient. These when once they were discovered would easily be communicated, and the philosopher who taught them would have starved by his profession. It was necessary then, that terms infinitely supernumerary should be invented, formal rules be laid down for inftrution, nice distinctions and definitions be maintained; and the whole farrago of fchool dotrine be adopted and supported. From hence it happened that philosophy , so far deviating from its origin, became difficult and abstruse; and although many things might be discovered somewhat sooner by the encouragements it received, yet it is uncertain whether they may be esteemed a greater detriment or advantage to the world . This inconvenience has attended them. They have set the most valuable truths beyond the pursuit of undif undisciplined persons, and have deterred mankind from following the bent of their inclinations, and from aspiring to know wiat might easily be brought level to their capacities. At present, when men begin to be philosophers, they are so diverted from the truth , by the tediousness of learnirng the rules by which they are to attain it, t : at after they have made a great prolr' ncy, they lose sight of the grand object of attention, and are quite ignor nt of cne facts they should have learned by their unwearied application. this is very much the cafe with Metaphysics, a science, when viewed in a proper light, of the utmost service and utilicy to mankind . At present it is almost imagined to consist in a peculiar form of reasoning , whereas, if rig itly considered, it refpeas the mci CL dua'!le truths , which want no other .rgunient than the natural and eaty languat; a of common sense, divestcd ol logical syllogisms or equivocal reasoning . A 2 It It would be impossible, however, even at this day, to make an universal as well as proper reform in this as well as other parts of philosophy , which would not be attended with danger, uncertainty, and contempt. we muss rest contented then to make the best use of philosophy , as we find her, and as she offers herself to our inspection. And as we embrace the valuable products of. her invention, must endeavour, as well as we can, to avoid the encumbrances with which she is overladen. The science, to which the following Treatise more particularly relates, labours under the same inconvenience with that we have mentioned, although originally much more divested of it than any other. hippocrates studied the human constitution from nature , and genuine fads that presented themselves to his view , and made but few remarks upon those general principles which might become the causes of dif I ease. ease. Philosophy and the rules of reasoning he disavowed, and hence philosophers hardly esteemed his works as a part of science. Religion indeed interfered in determining some fads, which had no other foundation than a blind superstition, or a fondness for Symbolical numbers . These influenced however everything besides; but as they were very flucuating principles , and were adhered to only as a compliment to custom, no firess either in medicine or any other part of philosophy cal be laid upon them; and in this view they should be considered by all who attend accurately to the works of the ancients. HIPPOCRATES, the father of Medical Philosophy , we may say however, was the most simple , plain, and instructive philosopher of any of the ancients. For whilst the rest delivered their tenets , under the umbrage of obscure and useless terms of art, he exhibited plain truths , founded upon A 3 fads facts and observation alone. A very sufficient ieafon may be given too for this method which he adopted. This art was not entirely speculative, as most of the sciences were; it refpe6ted the immediate interell of mankind , and the most valuable blcinrg human nature can enjoy. It was necessary then, that the truths belonging to it, mhould be delivered in the most simple , easy, and intelligible manner which could be devised. This was the slate of Physic amongst the first professors of the art. put other philosophers could not fueffr fach an important subject , to escape their notice and cbfervation. Excited .y this curiosity , they studied the human constitution as a part of physics, and in order to found a particular branch of science upon it. The universal con necoion indeed that reigns between the soul and the corporeal part, would require an attention to many circumstances of the latter, to demonpirate and and elucidate some affections of the former. The study , however, coming into such hands, was involved in all the obscurity, which Logic and Metaphysics could give it. And this at a time, when these studies themselves required