to distrust his understanding: But it was necessary that the Prophet ahould disengage Cyrus from all bold speculations, how refined and bright soever they might appear, and lead him to the belief of a supernatural religion, not by a philo. fophical demonstration of it's doarines, but by proving them to be divinelyrevealed. In a word , he hold six the mind of the young Hero. by in, disputable sat s, which firike much more forcibly than abftrat ideas . And it is for this reason that the Author introduces in his last book two persons of very different charaters, a Philosopher and a Prophet; the one employs the powers of reason against incredulity, the other imposes silence on all reasonings by a supernatural authority . This istho only use which the Author would make of the opinions of Origen; they answer the objetions of the incredulous concerning the beginning and duration of evil; they show, that since the weak reaiun reason of the Pbilofophers can find a plaurible solution of those great difficulties, we may well Conclude that the infinite Wisdom will be able one day to justify his ways, which are now impenetrable. So long as it is allowable to philosophise, the Author exposes the most probable systems and hypotheses; but when the question is of faith, he reasons only upon palpable faas, in order to discover whether God has spoken to his creatures or not: The moment we were convinced of this, all doubtful opinions are lost and absorbed in the depths of tihe divine incomprehensibility. VII Those who thought the sketches of natural philosophy in this work misplaced, pretending that the ancients are represented more knowing than they really were, will be much more Ihocked to see those philosophical descriptions augmented in the present edition. It is not surprising to hear this objection made by empty, superficial minds, who laugh at the Mosaic history, while they adopt the Greek fables concerning the origin of mankind ; but it is astonishing to hear the same cavils from those who reverence revealed religion, who do not believe that man was created originally wild and savage, that he wandered in the woods and deserts without knowledge , religion or law , and who have philosophy enough to discern that the world could not come out of the hands of a wife, good and powerful Creator in it's present ignorance, disorder and corruption. There perfbns might easily be persuaded that the first men had know knowledges of God and nature , which are lolf in there latter ages; that the sacred writers did not talk at random when they extolled the profound learning of the Orientals and Egyptians, even in the time of Moses; and laffly, that (a) Josephus was not a visionary when he said that the Pagans of his time had an ancient tradition, that Abraham who was famous in Asia communicated many sublime discoveries in natural philosophy to the Chaldeans and Egyptians. The Author however has no need of these pretexts to justify the philosophical descriptions in this work . His aim being to set before the eyes of a young Prince those elements of science which might help to form his understanding and his heart, he thought those physical picures more proper than poetical paintings to give his pupil a general idea of nature , inspire him with a taste of philosophy , and awaken his desire of knowledge . In pursuing this design he has taken thp lihpry tn pipatrt from fria truth , content himself with probability, and make anachronisms in natural as well as civil history. VIII Someprectad that the Author has but lightly touched a great many fubje6ts, without going to the bottom of every one; that this book is rather a summary than a work ; that he steps too quick from one subjea to another; and that his file is everywhere too laconic, sometimes too metaphysical and abstruse, and often too void of ornament. (a) See Joseph. Aitiq. lib. i. cap. 8. Beras ibid. & Voss. de Phil. fie. cap. I. p. 3. To To this it may be answered, that profound reasoning does not consist in a multiplicity of words ; It is perhaps easier to write a great volume than a little one; the labour is not the less real because it is concealed. It was intended that each intelligent reader should have the pleasure of drawing the consequences from the principles , unfolding those first seeds of truth , cultivating them and gathering thence a harvest of knowledge , of which the Author himself had perhaps no idea . We have a sufficient number of books which convey instruction by diffifive reasonings , ingenious aphorisms and florid illustrations. The Author's design was to habituate the mind of a young Prince to judge by principles , discover the connexion of essential truths and unite them under one view . He says to him upon each subje&q what is necessary to show, that all nations had originally the same fundanental principles , that the duties of religion, morality and good policy flow from the same source, conipire to the lame end, and mutually support and fortify each other; and in a word , that all the civil and human virtues, the laws of nature and nations are, so to speak, but consequences of THE LOVE OF ORDER , which is the eternal and universal law of all intelligences . In a work of this nature , it is necessary to unbend the mind of the reader, without carrying it off from it's principal objet; all the flowers hold be thoughts, the graces noble and tender sentiments, the paintings characers, and the descriptions such pictures as make us acquainted with nature , and admire the Creator. The Author is sensible that h he is far from having executed this vast design, but in : theattempt he has made towards it he was obliged to avoid all foreign : embellifhiments, a boued : connexions, and the ambitious ornaments f. theigreek; and Latin poesy. Tofipeakmnore clearly: Poesy has had the htme fate; wiihphilofophy. The Orientals, the Chal dem 'ans, adabove