of that agreeable polite Learning .' Gratian was of blbiliw, the Poet Martial's Country. which which gives Lufre andbeauty to the mos ab firufe Sciences. FROM this polite Learning he enters upon Philosophy , and in the first Place upon Natural Philosophy . He fiudies the first Principles of Things, the structure of the Universe , the Contexture of human Bodies, the Properties of Beasts, the Virtues of Plants, and the Qualities of Metals. - But he dwells the longest upon Ethics, or Moral Philosophy , which is the proper Food of the Soul, and what perfecs her in all the Virtues and Qualifications of a Gentleman. This Science is to be collected chiefly out of the Sages and Philosophers, who have reduced itinto Sentences , Axioms , Emblems, Satyrs and Fables. He grows enamoured of Seneca, Plato, the seven Wifemen, episle tus, Plutarch, without disdaining the amusing and instructive /jop. HE then applies himself to Cosmography of both Kinds; he learns to measure the Land and the' Sea; to distinguish Climates, Latitudes, and the four Divisions of the World ; the Provinces, Nations, Kingdoms and Republics comprised there: L He finds a double Advantage in this Study ; the one is to know all this, and the other is to be able to discourse upon it; that he may not be like a great many ignorant Persons, thatfcarce know the Climate they live in. He then acquires the the Knowledge of the celestial Globes, which roll over our Heads; he observes their various Motions, numbers the Stars and Planets, and acquaints himself with their Influences and Es sets. As to Astrology, he examines no farther into that than Wisdom allows. ALL there Studies terminate in the constant reading the Holy Scriptures: For that is undoubtedly the most profitable, the most comfortable, the most agreeable and satisfactory Reading , both for the Sublimity and Variety of the Matter contained in the sacred Pages. King Don l7 pbofzo, the Magnanimous, in all the Multiplicity of his important Affairs of Peace and War, found Time to read the whole Bible fourteen Times over, together with Commentators and Expositors. THIS is the Price, at which he purchase the glorious Appellation of a Complete Gentleman. Moral Philosophy makes the honest Man; natural Philosophy the ingenious Man; History the Man of Experience; Poesy the Man of Wit; Rhetoric the eloquent Man; polite Learning sheds a diffusive Grace and Ornament upon all Kinds of Literature; the the Knowledge of the World constitutes the intelligent Man; the Study of the sacred Pages forms the good Man; but all this must, go together to make the perfect, complete Gentleman. Gentleman. Such a one was Don sebajiian de Mendoza, Coznt de Corugita. THE second Part of Life he dedicates to the Conversation and Knowledge of the Living, and to enjoy the greater Variety of that Pleasure he travels into different Nations and foreign Countries. This Inclination to travelling is a great Happiness to him that undertakes it for the Sake of Improvement, with the Curiosity of getting a personal Infornation of Things, provided he has a Capacity for that Purpose. He meets with some Fatigue indeed in seeking and searching; but then he finds infinite Pleasure and Satisfation in discovering and examining all the Curiosities of the World , and in making his Uses and Improvements from them. What a Man does not see, he does not properly know, and can only relish imperfe6tly. There is a great Difference in this Refpea between the Eyes and the Imagination. A judicious Traveller has two considerable Advantages; the one is, to have a juster Knowledge of what relates to foreign Countries, than other People have; and the other is to reap more Pleasure from it, than any other Persons can possibly do. For he that sees curious Objects but once, has a very different Sense of them from him that sees them every Day. Those Rarities and Wonders are common to the latter; but in regard to the former they have the Charm of Novelty, which both both excites and gratifies his Curiosity . When a magnificent Palace is first finisl'd, it is for a while the Delight of the Owner; but in a little Time that Pleasure forsakes him, and is trans seed to Strangers. The Benefit a Man reaps from travelling is very obvious. In the first Place he brings Home at least experimental Knowledge , which has always been efteem'd by wise Men. For this Knowledge undeceives us by the Testimony of our own Eyes in regard to the false Accounts and Descriptions, which ill informed Writers have given of a Country; and confirms the Fidelity of thofedefcriptions, that are made by just and accurate Authors . As to the Places, which he travels to, he generally confines himself to those, that are of greatest Note; as Spain, France, England, Germany, Mzfcovy, and above all, Italy, where he makes his longest Residence. There he views and observes at Leisure all the Cities of greatest Fame , and all that is curious and singular in each, whether of ancient or modern Date; the Magnificence of the Churches, the sumptuous and noble Architeture of the Palaces: There he remarks their Wisdom in Government and Policy, the understanding of the Inhabitants, the bright Genius's and fine Wits amongst the Nobility and People of Literature. '·TIHERE are many other Articles of Importance to be taken Notice of in one's Travels; one i one of the most material is to frequent the Courts of the most powerful Princes; for they are not inaccessible to Merit. THERE he finds everything, which either Art or Nature can produce; whatever is most rare and curious in Gardens, Terraffes; Fruits, Paintings, Statues, Jewels, Cabinets and Libraries. There he converses with the greatest and ablest Men in every Way, in Politics, in Letters, in militaryskill, in Arts and in Virtue. And when he has judiciously examined and con fider'd all this for his own Improvement, he makes a just and proper Estimate of it, without undervaluing it on one Hand, or over