elaborate memorials, containing rules by which the officers now aft, with their demonfirations. But what must have given him a higher satisfaction than anything else of this kind, was the calculations he made, relative to that wise and humane provision, which is now established by law , for the children and widows of the Scotch clergy, and of the professors in the universities ; entitling them to certain annuities and sums, upon the voluntary annual payment of a certain sum by the incumbent. In contriving and adjusting the scheme, Mr. Maclaurin had bestowed great labour; and the gentlemen men who were appointed to solicit the affair at London, own that the authority of his name was of great use to them, for removing any doubts that were moved concerning the sufficiency of the proposed fund, or the due proportion of the rums and annuities. To find himself thus eminently useful, even to late posterity, muff have been a delightful enjoyment. But what till more endeared his studies to him, was the use they are of in demonfirating the Being and Attributes of the Almighty Creator, and establishing the principles of natural religion on a solid foundation ; equally secure against the idle fophifiry of Epicureans, and the dangerous refinements of modern metaphysicians. He !agreed with the great Mr. Coats *, in thinking that the knowledge of nature will ever be thefirmefl bulwark againjt Atheifin, and consequently the surest foundation of true religion. This knowledge does more than excite mere wondering ; it inspires love and adoration of the Creator, our reasonable Service:. for it muss be a superficial view of nature , indeed, that suggests no relation, or duty, to Him in whom we live, move, and have our being. The argument from final causes, from the order and design that evidently shows itself throughout the universe , Mr. Maclaurin held to be the shortest and simplest of all others; and consequently of most general use, and the bell adapted to the human faculties: whereas metaphysical deductions are to be apprehended but by the few , and are ever liable to be perverted. So that although' he could use them with as much subtlety and force as any man living, he chose rather, in his conversation as well as his writings, to bring the dispute to a short issue in his own way. He was no less strenuous in the defence of revealed religion; which he would warmly undertake as often as it was attacked, either occasionally in conversation, or in those pernicious books which have brought the name of free thinker into disgrace, and have so much contributed to spoil our taite as well as our morals: and how firm his In Prxfat. ad Nlut, Principia. own own persuasion of it was, appeared from the support it afforded him in his last hours. Such was the life of this eminent person; spent in a course of laborious, yet not painful, study ; in continually doing good to the utmost of his power: in improving curious and useful arts; and propagating truth , virtue, and religion amongst mankind . He was taken from us at an age when he was capable of doing much more; but has left an example which, we hope, will be long admired and imitated: till the revolution of human affairs puts an end to learning in there parts of the world ; or the fickleness of men, and their satiety of the best things, have fubfituted for this philosophy some empty form of faife science; and, by the one or the other means, we are brought back to our original state of barbarism. A N A N ACCOUNT o Ei Sir ISAAC newton's Philosophical Discoveries. Of the method of pre natural philosophy and the various fyjftems of philcfophers. CHAP. I, general view of Sir Isaac Newton's m'thod, and of his account of the fyjfem of the world .... * -- 0 describe the phenomena of nature , to explain their causes, to trace the relations and dependencies of those causes, and to inquire into the whole conttitution of the universe , is the business of natural philosophy . A strong curiosity has prompted men in all times to study na. ture; every ufetul art has some connexion with this science; and the unexhaufted beauty and variety of things makes it ever agreeable, new, and surprising. But natural philosophy is subservient to purposes of a higher kind, and is chiefly to be valued as it lays a sure foundation for natural religion and moral philosophy ; by leading us, in a fatisfatory manners to the knowledge of the Author and Governor of the universe . To study nature is to search into his workmanship: every new discovery opens to us a new part of his scheme. And while we still meet, in our inquiries, with hints of greater things yet undiscovered, the mind is kept in a pleating expecation of making a further progress; acquiring at the same time higher conceptions of that great Being, whose works are so various and hard to be comprehended. B a Our Our views of nature , however imperfect, serve to represent to us, in the most sensible manner, that mighty power which prevails throughout, acting with a force and efficacy that appears to susser no diminution from the greatest dillances of space or intervals of time; and that wisdom which we see equally displayed in the exquisite ftruture and just motions of the greatest and subt ilest parts. These, with perfectgoodnefs, by which they are evidently direted, constitute the supreme objec of the speculations of a philosopher; who, while he contemplates and admires so excellent a system , cannot but be him seif excited and animated to correspond with the gee neral harmony of nature . In order to obtain those great purposes, we must not proceed hastily in our inquiries, but with the utmost caution. False schemes of natural philosophy may lead to atheism, or suggest opinions , concerning the Deity and the universe , of most dangerous consequence to mankind ; and have been frequently employed to support such opinions .