vulgar stories; but that objection, if there were any reason to allow it, reflets no disparagement upon the recitor; for examples designed for principles of in ftruetion must be drawn from uncontroverted experience, and not from doubtful or suppositious fpecu ations; and it was never in the publisher's thoughts to make wonders more unintelligible, or translate plain truths into miracles; and therefore he has sometimes added a gloss, to render all the examples fit for light or use. Others will objec, that there are many English discourses already extant upon this subjea, and consequently that super adding this volume is but Cramben bis coanm apponere. Be it so; yet I hope, if it be seasoned and dished to their goufts, it will be so far from rising on their stomachs that it will sit as easy and grateful as it was designed to do. That several have vwrit upon this subje6t, I acknowledge; but, when the reader is pleased to remember that most of them are but indigested heaps of parti cuiar stories, without any order , congruity, regular adaption, or tolerable method, and that thote which have fewer faults than the rest are either obsolete Eng lifll, too voluminous, or out of print, he will soon agree that a book was wanting on this subject , of a portable volume , in a concise method, with greater variety of pertinent history, of better election, more agreeable to our modern dialect in perspicuity and brevity, and accommodated, in utility and price, to every man's circumstances; and it is modestly believed that such a one is now in his hands, and that it will will be acceptable to every reader. Thus much by way of apology for the publiflsing this discourse at the present juncture. A word or two of the present use of it concludes this Preface. This Treatise is chiefly designed to increase knowledge , promote virtue, discover the odiousness of vice, and furnish topics for innocent and ingenuous conversation. And, if that maxim be true, ' That ' men are more influenced by examples than precepts , ' here are enough to better mens lives, by imitating the examples of the just, and to deter others from the commission of gross enormities, by abhorring the pratices of the wicked. By these examples, Princes may know how to govern, and fubje&ts to obey: The wife may learn to be virtuous, and the religious to be prudent: The witty to be discreet, and the rash and intemperate to be modest and sober: The rich to be charitable, and the poor to be thankful: The brave to be merciful, the learned to be humble, the great to be peaceable, the extravagant to be abstemious, the coward to be valiant, those that have leisure to be innocently diverted, and all men attain to the knowledge of themselves and their duties: And, that it may have these good effects upon every reader, is the unfeigned wist of their Very humble servant, ca SHORT A CCOUNT OF THIS W 0 R K. IT is a humiliating circumrfance in the history of mankind , that great genius and great learning , which are seldom combined in one person, should so often be overlooked, or recognised at a period only when the unfortunate author can neither enjoy the reputation nor the reward due to his merit. Beside multitudes of others, the names of MILTON and of BUTLER will be a perpetual reproach to the age and nation in which they lived. The Author of the following Work , of whose name or history I can find no traces, has been a man of great erudition and research. He has collected and recorded, from both ancient and modern writers , a very considerable and very valuable number of historical fads, of moral and religious Re fleaions, of wise Sayings, of excellent and entertaining Anecdotes, of smart and amusing Repartees. To there he often prefixes, or subjoins, judicious and pertinent remarks. His observations on many of the passages he quotes, discover him to have been a man not only of uncommon industry, but of great judgement and taste. In this Work , the Author exhibits a diftint and unequivocal picture of the manner in which he had occupied his time, and direced his studies . He had travelled through almost ( X) mols all the paths of science and literature; and he made his remarks, not with an undiscerning eye and an apathetic in diffrcence, but with acuteness of observation, and sensibility of mind. He selected from moil writers , both in ancient and modern languages; and these felcdions have an uniform tendency to please the imagination, to inform the underfianding, and to amend the heart. The examples he produces of the most ihocking vices which have, in all ages, disgraced our ipecies, and of the most amiable virtues, which have occasionally, though too rarely, adorned human nature , are numerous, striking, and instructive. The plan our intelligent and laborious author has adopted, instead of being showy, and calculated to attract general attention, is extremely simple , and suited to convey to his readers, in the most perspicuous and easy manner, and without a symptom of ostentation, the fruits of his industry and genius . The collecions he has made are extremely various ; and he has arranged them in the simple order of the ALPHABET. His work , of course, is a DICTIONARY of SENTIMENTAL and USEFUL knowledge . His researches have been so extensive, and the ohbjects of his study To numerous, that a person can hardly think of a fubjetd, in any department of literature, but, by turning to a leading word , he will find much information. What inhances the value of this Dicionary of Historical and moral entertainment, the Compiler of it uniformly quotes the authorities from which the fads anid observations he has selected are derived. By attending to thefl quotations from innumerable authors , many of whose writings are now not commonly perused, some idea may be formed of the nature and utility of the work under consideration. From this view