World , primaeval with the ordination of nature , and inseparable from one of the grand fubjeects of your official contemplation. This Science, by being little known, and less understood, may meet with censure and disapprobation from that that description of learned , as well as of illiterate men, whose rule of faith uniformly keeps pace with their own arbitrary conceptions. But the dispassionate part of mankind , with every good Mason, will candidly weigh the evidence "bythe balance of the sanctuary," and reserve their sentence till after a fair and impartial trial. Sheltered, therefore, under the wing of your fraternal regard, and patronised by every sober admirer of the secret works of Nature , I fiall attempt to lay the Foundation Stone of an illustrious Building, sacred to Urania, upon which ome more able and ingenious Workman, fanaioned by your patronage and protection, may hereafter raise the edifice to out top the kies, and, like Jacob's ladder, pierce the starry regions, leading the intel letual faculties of the soul to the most sublime contemplations of God and Nature . I have the honour to profess myself, with unequivocal attachment and esteem, GENTLEMEN, Your Accepted Brother, And faithful Servant, E. SIBLY., PORTSMOUTH COMMON, In the year of Mafonary, 5784. A N IL L U S T R A T IO N Of the CELESTIAL SCIENCE of AS T R OLOGY. P A R T THE F I R S T. S ENSIBLE as I am of the rooted prejudices of the times, against the venerable science of Astrology, and sensible also of the reproach and obloquy that will be levelled against me by men of obstinate and dogmatical principles ; I shall nevertheless venture, upon the basis of TRUTH and EXPERIENCE, to make this feeble effort towards restoring a competent knowledge of that comprehensive science, which in all ages of the world was deemed the chief ornament of society, and the diftin guiihing excellence of enlightened minds. It is therefore to be lamented that the cultivation of it is become obsolete and unfashionable; and that, owing to the violent diturbances at the close of the last century to the want of recent information on the subjet, and to the too refined notions of modern philosophers, its congenial rays have been so long withheld from hedding their divine light upon there kingdoms. That an Astrology in the Heavens does really exist, and was ordained of God from the beginning of the world , for the immediate information and diretion of his creatures here below, is obviously and incontellibly proved from various parts of those sacred Books , which contain the unerring word of God, and the perfect rule of faith for every good and sober Ghriftian. To revive the gloomy days of superstition, or to impose on the untaught multitude , precepts of ignorance, is no part of the Author's defign. his aim is, to remove the mote from the eyes of prejudiced men; and by just reasoning , and fair argument, founded on the principles of religion and morality, to irew them that God is a God of order , and created nothing in vain; that he framed the world by number , weight, and measure, and fixed the whole system of heavenly and earthly things upon so perfect and immutable a plan, that the whole doth work harmoniously and fympathe B tically tically together, so as to answer all the various purposes for which they were first ordained; that superiors do uniformly rule inferiors; and that celestial bodies sensibly a upon and influence all earthly fubitances, whether animal, vegetable; or mineral; not by chance or accident, but by a regular inherent cause, implanted in them from the beginning, by the omnipotence of God. It is a maxim with persons of a contumacious turn of mind, to confider everything as impossible, that does not immediately fall within the compass of their own ideas ; forgetting that the operations of Nature are as unsearchable as they are curious, and that the ways of God surpass all human comprehension and so warped are they from every sentiment of liberality, that those who discover a willingness to receive intlrudion, or who differ from them in opinion , are condemned to ridicule and scorn. But to show how reprehensible such condut is, we need only reflect on the unbelieving St. Thomas, and the pointed exclamation of our Saviour, upon that occasion. Men of this untoward disposition, will take up my book from the impulse of curiosity , 'till recollecting themselves, they will toss it with contempt into some obscure corner, and upbraid its author perhaps in terms not the most liberal or pleasing. And yet, I am bold to ay, that even such persons, invulnerable as they may be to the force of reason , might oon be convinced of the purity and excellence of this Science, would they but for a time divest themselves of prejudice, and impartially weigh the evidence brought in its fupport. nay, I have reason to believe, that how much soever they appear externally to condemn Astrology, they nevertheless feel in their own mind, and vainly attempt to tifle, an internal convicion of its absolute existence. Would they but wisely cultivate this internal evidence, and put on the solid reasoning of dispassionate men, the order of nature would then unfold itself to their view , and the stupendous works of Creation captivate their senses; 'till emulous of attaining the most exalted knowledge , they would seek the vast extent of space, and find the whole canopy of heaven expanded for their contemplation. And thus familiarised in the wonderful properties of heavenly and earthly things, they would no longer coniderl Afrology as the parent of wicked coinpac and infatuation, or the child of imposture, but would be fenlible it contains the balsamic nutriment of Truth and Wisdom. Those who deny the being of Aflrology, have surely never contemplated the mysteries of their own exittence, nor the common occurrences that are inseparable from it; many of which are inexplicable when abftra&t cdly .considered, and only cease to llrike us with