Before we deny the divinity cf Jcfus Christ, what if we were to try to deny the principles , on which the a!iertors of it * Clerici Ars Crit. capite de fecarum sermon. t Ars Crit. de notionibus adilquatis. ( io) it go? We lay down one from a Mailer in Israel. " Certainly we do not know the essence of the Supreme Being, not knowing the real essence of a pebble, or a fly, or of our own i lves."5* We lay down a second. in the words of a learned prelate. " Where the truth of a doetrine depends not on the evidence of the things themselves, but on the authority of him that reveals it, there the only way to prove the doctrine to be true, is to prove the testimony of him that revealed it to be infalli ble."t We lay down a third from that most learned and accurate critic, Le Cierc. "(' Si ei qua par eft attentione et reverentia expendamus quae Apoitoli habent de Jesu Chrilto, facile intelligimus eos non putafil merum eiffe hominenm, quandoquidem ei mundi creationern tribuunt; eolque errare, qui si milia fen tiunt: fed de ratione, qua aeternum numen cum jesu homine conjunurnum fit, taent; quo credibile sit arcanum illud is, in terris agentibus, nondum revelatum suisse. Sciwverunt certe Chrbjum, re' Deum' et hominem, atque ita de eo Irquuti sunt: /td mounu s ei i no sra2fe videntur.t On there fire sgrounds we go, and on these principles we siee the doftrirnes f the gospel from the charge of contradiction and absurdity, while we retain the rational scriptural idea of myflerv. Wve beg leave to remark the following facts , which may more fiully esxplain our meaning. i. What we call doctrines of the gospel are so many facts propefed to our taith by credibile tesimonv. The divinity of Christ is an hiilol ical fart. 'Iherefurrecion of the dead is a prophetical fact . z. They, who related those facts , never pretended to a thorough knowledge of them. wiie know, lays S. Paul, in part.hi The apofrle mult either mean to'affirm, we have an impe; fcct knowledge of the objects, or we have an imperfect knowledge of the ecvidviie of their existence. He could not rriean the lait, consequently he mecant the first. 3. The apostles did no more in proposing incomprehensible objecs to our belief, than the mailers of human kcience do. V We know but little, says one of the finest modern writers , of the nature of bodies; we discover sonme of their properties, as motion, figure, colours, chut of their essence we are ignorant: we know fill nuch les of the foul: but of the essence or nature of God, we know nothing The great Locke sets out with requiring his readers not to " let loose their thoughts into the valt ocean of leing, as if all the boundless Iocke's Enlav, h. II C XXIII 35. See that whole excellent chapter. t Stillingfieer's origines sacras II S. : Ars Crit. de notion . adaeq. 'i Cor.. XIII § Elements of universal erudition by Baion Boilteld, vol. i. C I. ( to) boundless extent were the natural and undoubted poffleion of their understanding, wherein there was nothing exempt from its decisions, 'or that escaped its comprchenfion."* Astronomers require their pupils to " take care always to approach the firmament, that divine book , as they do the other book of God, with reverence and humility, not having too high an opinion of their own abilities, as if they could with the line of human reason fathom all the depths of divine counfels."t What these great maiters discovered in the sublimer works of nature , the countryman discovers in a polype in his cottage ditch; and all mankind are forced to believe the existence of objects, the certainty of fads, combinations of qualities, of which they have no adequate ideas , and for which they can give no account. 4. No man ever yet proposed a system of religion free from mystery. Even those gentlemen, who discard many received doatril: es on account of their myftcrioufnefs, are obliged to own, that " the mno/l rational and important doctrines imply something beyond the narrow capacity of our comprehension ." " 5. The belief of those sacs, which we call doctrines of the gospel, is analogous in chrittianitv to self-love in the law es nature . " God has infeperably interwoven the laws of eternal justice with the happiness of each individual. In consequence of which mutual connecion of justice and human felicity, he has not perplexed the law of nature with a multitude of abstracted rules and precepts , referring merely to the fitness or unfitness of things: but has graciously reduced the rule of obedience to this one paternal precept , ·' that man should purfile his own happiness." This is the foundation of what we call ethics, or natural laws Thus in revelation, cgod hath not perplexed christianity with disquisitions, the understanding of which would require a long train of metaphysical investigations: but he hath revealed a few facts , which he declares, he either hath brought to pass, or will bring to pass; and these sacs have ever been found the mols irreciftible motives to constrain men to obey the law of nature . The unity of two natures constituting the dignity of the Author of christianity is one of these fadcs. 6. To deprive christianity of its mysteries is to reduce it to a feeble human science; we get rid of mystery and motive together. The removal of, what are called by some, corruptions of christianity, is to be rewarded, it seems, with the con * Introducoion. t Long's Astronomy, pres. p. 7. : Bourn's discourses, vol. II dire. VII [ Blackltone's Commen ' tadies, introduction f. 2. ( ro) conversion of Jews and Mohammedans. But let us not too' eagerly follow these illusory dreams. Let us confider four th.ngs. I. It is not certain, that Jews and Turks rejea chris tianlty on account of our doctrine of