favourite pupils, showed a zeal for the glory of this great man, that is without an example; the most tender and dutiful full child could not have a greater affection for its parent than he had for his illuitrious master. He considered it as the pride of his life that he had been one of his last disciples; and when Lewis the xrvth gave him a pension, and appointed him one of the foreign associates of the Academy of Sciences at Paris, he built a house at Florence, and, after paying a tribute of gratitude to the French monarch, ereced a magnificent monument to his beloved master Galileo. H 4 LET. LETTER VII OF THE NEWTONIAN SYSTEM , AND DISCOVERIES, N all ages of the world , mankind in general have been nearly the fame : the powers of the mind are various ; but there are certain prescribed bounds which it is the lot of but few to pass. The multitude were certainly designed for manual labour and industry, and their minds are, by custom, made conformable to their employments. Intent upon the common concerns and business of life, they have but little leisure, and less inclination, for mental improvement. This is the wife designation of Providence: the earth must be cultivated to support its inhabitants; a general refinement would be as prejudicial as a general barbarity. Humanity , however, has higher privileges. Arts and sciences, legislation and morals, are absolutely necefilary to the due regulation and order of civil society. And that a knowledge of them may be properly distributed, the Author of Nature has, at different times, raised up some great great and illustrious genius to enlighten and in ftru& us. In religion, our most momentous concern, he has condescended to give us a divine guide; and in every art and science, we have had preceptors of eminence proportionate to the importance of the fubjeat. every thing bears the marks of omniscience: wherever we turn our eyes, we perceive a presiding intelligence , which informs and regulates the whole. To enumerate the, most fining characters of ancient and modern times, and to Show the discriminating excellence and utility of the several pursuits in which they were engaged, would be a matter of much difficulty, and foreign to our purpose. The subjea upon which we are, at present, to employ our attention, is physical astronomy; and we are now to confider the genius and doctrines of a man, who, in his philosophical charater, appears to have been endowed with superior faculties, in order to dissipate the mists of ignorance and error, and to lead us to a knowledge of those truths , which the wisdom of ages had been unable to discover . The person to whom we owe these obligations, is Sir Isaac Newton, who was born at Wolfrop in Lincolnshire, on chriftmas day 1642. His father was the reduced descendant of a noble family; but the genius of his son eclipsed all the splendour of hereditary titles and honours, Of Of his juvenile studies we have but little knowledge , none of his first attempts, or efrays, having ever appeared. He seems to have been ar inventor rather than a student; and to have entered at once into the depths of science, without attending to the usual gradations. It was on this account that Mr. Fontenelle applied to him the following idea of the ancients, concerning the unknown source of the mnajeftical river which fertilises megypt: II n'a pas ete permis aux hommes de voir le Nil foible et nailant. Every science upon which this great man employed his attention, received a new form from his hands, and was carried to a degree of per feaion unlooked-for by the ancients. In the course of a few years he had destroyed the works of ages, and erected an edifice of his own, which will be as durable as the fabric of nature itself. Algebra, geometry, mechanics, optics, chronology, philosophy , and astronomy, began now to assume an unusual splendour and dignity and by his improvements and disco vcries, were rendered prodigiously more extensive and important. The method of Fluxions, in particular, was entirely his own invention; which alone was sufficient to have rendered his name immortal. The exquisite subtlety of this do&trine is such, that the powers of the human mind mind seem inadequate to a higher pursuit, Anything beyond it must be the science of pure intelligence . From a genius like this, what had we nor to expect? His account of the universe , and the laws by which it is regulated, is founded upon the most indubitable principles of reason , science, and observation. We are no longer compelled to wander through the intricate mazes of, hypothesis and conjecture. Nature appears again in all her primitive simplicity. Newton has dissolved the chaos, and separated the light from the darkness. His inimitable work , The Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy , contains the true astronomical faith; and thole who reject its doctrines are the worf of heretics, as they shut their eyes against the clearest of all light, Demonstration. To give a perspicuous and methodical account of all his investigations and discoveries, would be a vwork of great difficulty, and what, from the incompetency of your present acquirements, could afford you but little inftru6tion. Confining myself, therefore, to tholi which are the most familiar and interesting, I llall begin with his speculations upon gravity and attraction, and relate from the authority of his commentator and friend, Dr. Pemberton, the simple incident Which is said to have given birth to them. About About the year 1666, or the twenty-fourth year of his age, he retired from Cambridge into the country, in order to avoid the plague, which, at that time, raged with great violence; and sitting one day under a tree, in an orchard, an apple, by chance, falling upon his head, gave a new turn to his refleaions. The phenomena of falling bodies particularly engaged his attention; and pursuing the ideas which presented themselves to his mind, he carried his