to explain Experimental Philosophy by Geometry and Chemistry. VII New Observations and Discoveries on Fire and on Iron, but more particularly on the Nature of elementary Fire, together with a new Form for conftruting of Chimneys. VIII A new Method of discovering the Longitude, whether at Sea or on Land, by the Moon. IX Miscellaneous Observations, or a collection of Observations on different Objects of natural History, particularly on Minerals, on Fire, on the Strata of Mountains, and an Essay on chry tallization: There are besides there some some other small Trats of less Importance. sophi. If you would not think me too inquisitive, I should be glad to be informed. more particularly concerning the Nature of Baron Swedenborg's Philosophy , and the Subjecs of the Works which you have read , as I should with to be acquainted with every Circumstance that might help me to form a right Judgement of so extraordinary a Man; and it appears to me, that if his Philosophy be found and confifdent, and supported by solid Principles , it will be a firong Argument in Favour of his Theology. PHIL. If I may be allowed to forrt a Judgement from what I have read , you will find the Philosophical Works of Baron Swedenborg full of solid Reasoning and.deep Investigation; at the same Time you will admire the Order and methodical dical Arrangement in which he hath treated his several Subjects . His Genius was most penetrating and comprehensive ; he was not contented with a superficial View of Nature's Operations, but dived into her Depths and inmost Recesses, whence he hath brought up many Pearls of natural Knowledge for those, who have the Curiosity to search for, and the Judgement to discern their Value. He was not however a Self taught Philosopher. He had enriched and enlarged his Underfanding with the Writings of the most distinguished Authors , on their refpecive Subjecs, in the several Countries of Europe; so that Geometry, Physics, chemif/ry, Anatomy, Metallurgy, and the whole Train of the' Sciences, according to all the Improvements of modern Discovery, served him as Materials with which to erec the well conftruced Fabric of his own Systems . His His Philosophy , at the same Time that it enlightens the Understanding, irn -- proves the Heart. He did not think it the Province of Science to darken the sublime Truths of Theology; and you will therefore always find him referring natural Phenomena to spiritual Agency. He nevet loses Sight of the close connexion between the two Worlds of Mat tet and of Spirit; and thus his System opens tb the Mind the most edifying Speciilatirrs, by teaching iit to confider all the vifibleuniverfe, with everything that it contains , as. a Theatre and Representation of that invisible World from which it first derived it's Existence, and by Conhetion with which it continually subsists. SOPH. You mentioned having read his Book entitled Works Pbilofophical and Mineral; pray, Sir, what is the particular Suibjet and Design of that Book ? - P 1l. PHIL. : It contains , in the first Volume , an Inquiry into the principles.of. natural , Things, beginning with an.in veftigation of the Laws of Action in' what is called, by the Author , the first natural Point, or the first and most individual Limit of spiritual Agency in the; World of Nature . The Philosopher next proceeds to the Consideration of what he calls the sirs Finite of yfattieri with it's Activities; and hence he deduces the, Origin of the Elements,,; with their several 'Motions, Figures. Quliti'es; and: Modes of Operation. this." naturally ' leads him into a curious and interesting Inquiry into the Existence. and Nature of the Sun; and it's Vortex, the Causes z and Laws of Magnetic Powers, the original Chaos, the Formation of. the Earth, the first State of Paradise and of Man therein, with other Speculations, alike entertaining and important;. in all which which you will be at a Loss : which to admire, mnoft, the : solid Learning , the deep Invefi igation, .the. mature ..Judgement, or the. unaffeced!.piety of the Philosopher. The two other Volumes of this e.traor.ditniary. work ..foirm a coni plte, Syfiem: of f/m3etia: irgy, 'ibht, iwith mnor, e. partisular Reference, to the chemical Operations relating. to Iron and Coppers in the Perusal of wyhich the curious Chemist and practical Mechanic will find their Curiosity abundantly gratified, and their Pains well rewarded. soph. And pray, Sir, .what is the particular Subject : and Design. of the two other Philosophical Works , which you, say you have: read , the ohe e eti tiled The Animal Kingdom, and the other, l'he ceconomy of the Animal Kingdom? : priil. They relate to the Struiclure of the human Body andiit's several Parts, with their respective Uses;, highly worthy thy of the Attention of every Lover of Science, for the Subject Matter, the Manner in which it is treated, and the sublime Conclusions which are thence deduced. you.will there see collated the Experiments and.difcoveries of the most celebrated modern anatomitrs aind Naturalists, as Heifier, Winslow,. Malpi gits, Swtammnerdan, Boerhaave, Cowper, Ruyfchius, Leeziwenhoek, and others; and you will see those Experiments and Discoveries examined with the most discriminating Judgement, and the most sublime Reasonings deduced from them according to the Laws of the most critical Analysis. You will in short find yourself led insensibly from a just Anatomy to a true and rational Psychology, where you will be surprised to see established the most important and instructive Truths relating to the human Spirit, with a Degree of Evidence and Conviction vikion which you would !imagine the Subject incapable of. Every individual human Body, according to the Discoveries of Baron Swedenborg. consists of several Orders of Forms, diltinguifhed from each other according to Degrees of Purity, wherein the lowest Degree is the Basis or Receptacle of one fill purer and more interior, and this again of a higher Degree which is the most pure and in imoi. In this highest Degree the human Spirit hath it's Residence, being a spiritual organised Form, corresponding to that of the Body, and communicating