seventh difip peared at the siege of Troy. Ovid says, it was so affeeed by the fate of that unfortunate city, as, fi-om grief, to cover it's face with it's hand. I find, in the book of Job, a curious passage, which seems to presage this disappearance : it is chap. XXXVIII ver. 3. vnu.m7quitl conjiugere, valebis hmicantes Aqllas ple'adag, ant gyrumn arfuri poitcri d.iipare P " Will it be in thy power to "d unite the brilliant Stars, the Pleiades; and to turn aside the " great Bear from it's course ?" This is the import of the translation of M. le: Mjaire ti Sacy. However, if I might venture to give an opinion after that learned man, I would put a different fcnfe on the conclufiol of the paflhge. Gyrum art.uii di/part, icann;, in my opinion , " to dissipate the attra&tiojl of the arctic pole.' 2i4 It is thus that our general maxims become the sources of error; for we never fail to charge with disorder whatever seems to recede from our pretended order . That which I formerly quoted, namely, that Nature , in her operations, takes always the fhortefl road, has filled our Physics with false views innumerable. There is nothing, - however, more flatly contradicted by experience. Nature makes the waters of the rivers to meander through the Land, in their progress to the Sea, in fread of transmitting them in a itraight line. She causes the veins to perform a winding course through the human body; nay, she has perforated certain bones expressly, in order to afford a passage to some of the principal veins into tie interior of the stronger limbs, to prevent their being exposed to injury by external concussions. In a.word, fie expands a mushroom in one night, but takes a century to bring an oak to perfeation. Nature very seldom takes the nearest road, but ihe always takes that which is best adapted to the purpose. This rage for generalising has ditiated to us, in every branch of Science, an infinite number of pole." I here repeat what I have already observed, that the Book of Yob is replenished with most profounll knowledge of Nature . +4, maxims , 2 i5 maxims , sentences , adages, which are incessantly contradicting themselves. It is one of our maxims , that a man of genius catches everything at a glance, and executes all by one single Law . For my own part, I confider this sublime method of observing and executing, as one of the strongest proofs of the weakness of the human mind. Man never can proceed with confidence but in one single path. As soon as a variety present themselves, he becomes perplexed, and goes astray; he is at a loss to ascertain which he ought to pursue: that he may make sure of not deviating, he admits only one to be right; and, once engaged, right or wrong,. pride frimulates him forward. The Author of Nature , on the contrary, embracing in his infinite intelligence , all the spheres of all beings, proceeds to their production by Laws as various as his own inexhaustible conceptions, in order to the attainment of one single end, which is their general good. Whatever contempt lhilofophers may express for final causes, they are the only causes which he permits us to know. All the rest He is pleated to conceal from us; and it is well worthy of being remarked, that the only end which He discloses to our underfltadingg, is also the fanms with that which he proposes to our virtues. One of our mol: ordinary methods, when we catch some effect in Nature , is to dwell upon it, a 216 at first, from weakness, and afterwards, to deduce from it an universal principle , out of vanity. If after this we can find means, and it is no difficult matter to apply to it a geometrical theorem , a triangle, an equation, were it but an a + b, this is sufficient to render it for ever venerable. It was thus that, ' in the laaf age, everything was explained on the principles of the corpuscular philosophy , because it was perceived that some bodies were formed by intus susception, or an aggregation of parts. A seasoning of Algebra, which they found means to add to it, had inverted it with so much the more dignity, that most of the reasoners of those times understood nothing of the matter. But being indifferently endowed, it's reign was of short duration. At this day, we do not so much as mention the names of a long list of learned and illustrious gentlemen, whom all Europe then concurred in covering with laurels. Others having found out that air pressed, set to work with every species of machinery to demonstrate that air potfefled gravity. Our books referred everything to the gravity of the air; vegetation, the human temperament, digestion , the circulation of the blood, the phenomena, the afcen sion, of fluids. They found themselves fomewhac embarrassed, it is true, by capillary tubes, in yhich the fluid ascends, independently of the action 217 tion of the air. But a solution was found for this .Iikewife; and wee beside those, in the phrase of .certain Writers , who do not comprehend it! Others .applied themselves to the investigation of it's elasticity, and have explained, equally well, all the operations of Nature , by this quality of the air. The universal cry was, now the veil is removed; we have caught her in the sac. But did not the Savage know, when he walked againft.the wind, that air had both gravity and elatlicity? Did he not employ both those qualities in managing his canoe when under sail? I do not objecto investigation, if natural effees are applied, after exaa calculation, and unequivocal experiment, to the necessities of human life; but they are, for the most part, introduced for the purpose of regulating the operations of Nature , and not our own. Others find it till more commodious to explain the system of the Universe ,