creative Power, as a Power infinitely above all Control, or possibility of finding the least Obstacle or Delay, in achieving its mighticff and mo 1 fupendious Works . Heaven, and Earth, and all the Holt of both (as it were) dropped from his Mouth; and Nature itself was but the product of a Word ; a Word not designed to express, but to Constitute and give a Being and not so much the Reprcfcntation, as the Cause of what it signified. This was God's way of peaking in his first forming of the Universe : And was it not so, in the next grand Instance of his Power, hi * his Governing of it too? For are not the great Instruments of Government, his Laws , drawn tip and digested into a few Sentences . the whole Body of them containing but Ten Commandments, and some of those Commandments, not so many Words ? Nay, and Save we not these also brought into yct a nar rowercompafs by him, who best understood them? Thou Shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy Heart, and wtith all thy Soul, and thy Neighbour as thy Jef. Precepts , nothing like the tedious, endless, confuted tra{h of Humane Laws ; Lawvs so numerous, thlt they not only exceed Men's Practice, but alo fur pass their Arithmetic; and so voluminous, that no mortal Head, nor Shoulders neither, nmuf ever pretend themselves able to bear them. In God's Laws the Words are few , the Sense vast and infinite . In Humane Laws , you shall be sure to have Words enough; but, for the most part, to discern the Schfc and Reason of them, you had need read them with a Microscope. And thus having hfewn, how the Almighty utters himself, when he speaks, and that upon the greateli Occasions; let us now d'cfc nd from Heaven to Earth, from God to man, and fllew, That it is no prefu nption for us to Conform Confbrm our Words , as well as our amtions; to the supreme Pattern, and according to our poor measures to imitate the Wisdom that we adore. And for this, has it not been noted by the best Observers, and the ablest Judges, both of things and Persons, that thewifdom of any People or Nation has been most seen in the Proverbs and short Sayings commonly received amongst them? And what is a Proverb, but the Experience and Observation of several Ages, gathered and fumed' up into one Exprelfion? The Scripture vouches Solomon for the wisest of Men, and they are his Pro,, that prove him so. The Seven Wise Men of Greece, so famous for their Wisdom all the World over, acquired all that Same each of then, by a single Sentence , confifing of two or three Words .. And yvcoj& ca.u rv still lives and flourishes in the Mouths of all, while many vast Volumes are extinct, and sunk into Dust and utter Oblivion. And then for Books we shall generally find, that the most Excellent, in any Art or Science, have been frill the smallest, and most compendious : And this not without ground; for itis anargument that the Author was a Master of what he wrote; and had a clear Notion , and a full Comprchenfion of the Subjec before him. For the Reason of Things lies in a little compass, if the Mind could at any time, be so happy as to light upon it. Most of the Writings and Discourses in the World , are but Illustration and Rhetoric, which signifies as much as nothing to a Mind eager in pursuit after the Causes and Phiiofophical Truth of Things. It is the work of Fancy to enlarge, but of Judgement toj iorten and contrat; and therefore this nmut needs be as far above the other, as Judgement is a greater and a nobler Faculty than Fancy or Imagination. All Philosophy is reduced to a few Principles , and those Principles comprised ina few Propositions. And as the whole Struture of Speculation rests upon three or four Axioms , or Maxims ; so that of Practice also bears upon a very fniall number of Rules. And surely, there was never yet any Rule or Maxim that filled a Volume , or took up a Week's time to be got by Heart. No; rilefc are the Apices Rertmn, the Tops and Sums, the very Spirit and Life of Things extraeted and abridged; just as all the Lines drawn from the vastest Circumference, do at length meet and unite in the fmallelt of things, a Point; and it is but a very little Piece of Wood, with which. a true Artist will measure all the Timber in the World . The Truth is, there.could be be no such thing as Art or Science, could not the Mind of Man gather the General Natures of things out of the numberless heap of Particulars, and then bind them up into such short Aphorisms or Propoiitions; that so they may be made portable to the Memory, and thereby become ready and at hand fbr the Judgement to apply, and make use of, as there shall be occasion. In fine, Brevity and succin&nefs of Speech, is that, which in lphilofophy or Speculation we call Maxit, and First Principle ; in thecoun fclsand Rcfolvcs of Practical Wifldon, and tile deep Mysteries of Religion, Oracle; and lastly, in matters of Wit, and the fincneffes of Itnagination, Epii:, ram. All of them severally, and in their kinds the greatest, and the noblest things that the Mind of Man can fhcw the force and dcxterity of its Faculties in. And nov, if this b tle theighcf Excellency, and perfet.ion of Speech, in all other things, can wve assign any true, solid Reason , why it liould not be so likewise in Prayer r Nay, is there not rather the clearelreailfon imaginable, why it should be imuch more so? Since most of the fore mentioned things are but Addresses to an Humane Understanding, which may need as many wo!ds as may fill a Volume , to make make