comprehensive of my meaning; and although a new word , the most generally intelligible term I could make use of, as indicative of the common duties of life, and containing under the above definition, a summary of them all to serve as an obvious iimple directory to our conduct through life; and thereby endeavouring to escape the intricacies of casuistry, and the puzzling refinements of science, c. hoping to establish the authority of this plain maxim , that the most useful is in fact the best man in society: and I have chopped this production into short chapters, for the convenience of defultoryand lazy readers, of hasty snatchers at knowledge , or yawning searchers for amusement. CHAP. II IN order to convey my thoughts on this fubjeet the more to my own fatisfaaion, I must, in some sort, personify or alltgorize my conceptions in many instances, which the reader I hope will pardon in an unexperienced writer , itruggling to give birth to his ideas , and to fasten his evanescent thoughts upon paper, for his own further infpestion, perhaps for the improvement of a few others. Wisdom and power to create muf, according to human intellect, have been original; they must have existed somewhere .antecedent to the universe , at least to the small part of it which we see, and which plain Exiftenee ly demonitrates aftonifling wisdom and of God. power in our sense of those words ; that existence we call God, it seems to exist without parts, yet in what manner wisdom so exists either in God or man, is beyond the comprehension of mortals: among many millions of other creations he created man, and bellowed on him some little portion of his wisdom, which we call huminan reason , together with many inferior and animal instincts, and at the same time some small portion of inftintive benevolence. Those two gifts, viz. reason and benevolence, we callfparks, particles, communications or emanations of his own nature ; ex. pressions which seem quite inadequate to the reality of things, though we cannot find better, being yet in the dark. These two sparks, however, framed early societies among men, because they found them uf/ful. A few of the wisest men called Patriarchs, Bramins, Philosophers, cc. c. led the way, in forming those societies; but the multitude of mankind in time grew unruly, and the Pagan mythology was invented, with a view also to ufefulnejs, for it deified the most useful men; yet the passions of mankind by degrees blended viceinto the ideal character of the Heathen Gods, by which means vicious and truly execrable Gods naturally produced monstrously wick d men. Socrates, it is true, and a few other philosophers afterwards, stemmed the torrent of sanctified corruption in some small degree. That philosophy , pointed chiefly to individual happiness, distinct from society, and extended no farther than morality; which seems to regard the present utheo.i. time, and to be only a negative virtue, of gin of socio a", cfpa. prohibitory or reftricive nature , that is, forbidding to give unhappiness but in itself inert, sleepy, inactive, and not hortatory to good. If the reader should now ask, why in a little book professing 'to treat of the most important interests of mankind , the author should give place to light trifling trats, ap plicableonly to a particular time and Rate of things in Ireland? He will answer, that he has done so, because political as well as natural distempers may recur; and physicians are justly applauded, for recording disorders which seem peculiar to the season, for that the same, or tonme kindred ones, may again appear: and as an Utiliti/, he is not confined to any particular line of utility, nor is it an uncommon modern practice to swell books with goats wool, in a scarcity of better materials. An old retired infirm man, who writes through an eager desire of being useful, and at the same time to amuse his hours of compelled confinement, from more useful occupation, claims some indulgence. And as an exhorter to utility, he may, perhaps, be allowed to strengthen his precept , by aducing his own example, and .,, .„ i * - Pst~~~~~~pardonable without any reprehensible violation of rno rfcf.ppro defty to boast, that in the short space of his at. Own life, he has executed more of useful improvements, within the space of forty miles of his abode, than all the descendants of Adam had done before his time. Con cealnient is generally the purifier of charity with respect to the agent, but it falls within this writer's plan, to indulge the vanity, and countenance the practice of boasting a little in cafes of visible services, as every encouragement to utility feemspardon able, perhaps laudable. Some sensible writer has peeviflly, but perhaps truly advanced that a person, by lwhofe means one blade of grass has been added to the surface of the earth, had done more real good than the whole race of prime ministers, from the time of Adam, could boast of. There is an extravagance, yet a sort of striking justice in the thought, for lovers of power are generally selfish; and admitting them locally virtuous, let it be considered, that the local ideas of virtue are as various as the appearances of the clouds; we see that mankind was always subject to strange deceptions with regard to it; thence the expedience, if not necessity, of some such essay as this, national customs overbearing superstitions, and the illusory plots of elfish designing men ever have, and ever will, mislead and puzzle mankind in this respect: so that virtue, like the godpro teus, seems versatile or sickle; but the plain utilitjt system would, I believe, prove some check to this most grievous of all general evils, the varying dyes of virtue. It might serve mankind even as the polar star does the wandering mariner; it might steady their aim on the most important of all human concerns, - their own happiness. I may be told, and truly told as above, that this system