in magnificent obscurity, moro mofl are forgotten, because they never deserved to be remembered, and owed the honours which they once obtained, not to judgement or to genius , to labour or to art, but to the prejudice of fation, the stratagem of intrigue, or the servility of adulation. Nothing is more common than to find men whore works are now totally negleced, mentioned with praises by their contemporaries, as the oracles of their age, and the legislators of science. Curiosity is naturally excited, their volumes after long inquiry are found, but seldom reward the labour of the rearch. Every period oftime has produced there bubbles of artificial fame , which are kept up a while by the breath of fashion and then break at once, and are annihilated The learned often bewail the loss of ancient writers whore characters have furvivod their works ; but perhaps, if we could now retrieve them, we hold find them only the Granvilles, Montagues, Stepatys, and Sheffeld of their time, and wonder by what infatuation or caprice they could be raised to notice. It cannot, however, be denied that many have sunk into oblivion, whom it were unjust to number with this despicable class. Various kinds of lit(. rary fame seem destined to various measures of duration. Some spread into exuberance with a very speedy growth, but Coon wither and decay; some rise more slowly, but lad long,. Parnafus has its flowers of transient fragrance, as well as its oaksof towering height, and its laurels of eternal verdure. Among those whore reputation is exhausted in a short time by its own luxuriance, are the writers who take advantage of present incidents or chl: - B 2 rj6tars ra&ers which firongly interest the pafions, and engage universal attention. It is not difficult to obtain readers, when we discuss a question which every one is desirous to underfiand, which is debated in every assembly, and has divided the nation into parties; or when we display the faults or virtues es him whose .public condu&t has made almost every man his enemy or his friend. To the quick. circulation of such produaions all the motives of interest and vanity concur; the disputant enlarges his knowledge , the zealot animates his pafficn, and every man is desirous to inform himself concerning affairs so vehemently agitated and variously represented. It is scarcely to Le imagined, through hew many subordinations of interest the ardour of party is dif sised; and what multitudes fancy themselves affected by every satire or panegyric on a man of eminence. Whoever has, at any time, taken cccafion to mention him with praise or blame, whoever happens to love or hate any of his adherents, as he wishes to confirm his opinion , and to strengthen his party, will diligently. peruse every paper from which he can hopeforfentiments like his own.' Anobjet, however small in itself, if placed near to the eye, will engross all the rays of light; and a transaction, however trivial, swells into importance when it prefles immediately on our attention. He that hiali peruse the political pamphlets of any part reign, will wonder why they were so eagerly read , or so loudly praised. Many of the performances which had power to inflame fations, and fill a kingdom with confufon, have now very little effclt upon a frigid critic; and the time is comning, when the compositions of later hirelings fiill be equally dcfpifcd. lil 3 In proportion as those who write on temporary sub jets, are exalted above their merit at first, they are afterwards depressed below it; nor can the brightest elegance of diction, or mofi artful subtlety of reasoning , hope for much esteem from those whose regard is no longer quickened by curiosity or pride. It is, indeed, the fate of controvertilts, even when they contend for philosophical or theological truth , to be soon laid aside and slighted. Either the question is decided, and there is no more place for doubt and opposition; or mankind despair of understanding it, and grow weary ofdifturbancc, content themselves with quiet ignorance, and refuse to hbe harassed with labours which they have no hopes of recompensing with knowledge . The authors of new difcovcrics may surely cxrpe' to be reckoned among those, whole writings are secure of veneration: yet it often happens that the general reception of a doctrine obscures the books in which it was delivered. When anytenet is generally received and adopted as an incontrovertible principle , we seldom look back to the arguments upon which it was firrf established , or can bear' that tediousness of dedution, and multiplicity of ovidence, by which its author was forced to reconcile it to prejudice, and fortify it in the weakness of novelty against obstinacy and envy. It is well known how much of our philosophy is derived from Boyle's discovery of the qualities of the air; yet of those who now adopt or enlarge his theory, very few have read the detail of his experiments. His name is, indeed, reverenced; burr his works are negleced; we are contented to know, that he conquered his opponents, without inquiring what cavils were produced againfi him, or by what proofs they were confuted. B 3 Soice Some writers apply themselves to studies boundless and inexhaustible, as experiments and natural philosophy . These are always lost in successive compilations as new advances are made, and former observations become more familiar. Others spend their lives in remarks on language, or explanations of antiquities, and only afford materials for lexicographers and commentators, who are themselves overwhelmed by subsequent collecors, that equally destroy the memory of their predecessors by amplifications, tranfpofitioi, or contration. Every new system of nature gives birth to a swarm of expositors, whose business is to explain and illustrate it, and who can hope to exifi no longer than the founder of their fa preserves his reputation. There are, indeed, few kinds of composition from which an author , however learned or ingenious, can hope a long continuance of same. He who has carefully studied human