Iut this is a fiibje& which would'require a long dissertation. I am satisfied with laying before the reader the authority and the reafoni; g of Aristotle. T Compare this passage with that which is quoted in the next page '? from, Lord Bacon.; i 2, - I can, ,. ( 6) I cannot at this moment turn, plainly condemns the pursuit of a delusive geometrical accuracy in moral reasonings as the constant source of the groifeft error. The second is Lord Bacon, who tells us, with that authority of conscious wisdom which belongs to him, and with that power of richly adorned truth from the wardrobe of genius , which he possessed above almojf all men, " Civil " knowledge is conversant about a subje&c which, " above all others, is inoft immerscd in matter, " and hardlieft reduced to axiom %." IV I shall next endeavour to lay open the general principles of civil and criminal laws . On this subjec6 I may with some confidence hope that I shall be enabled to reason better by my acquaintance with the laws of my own country, which it is the business of my life to prafiife, and of which the study has by habit become my favourite pursuit. The first principles of jurisprudence are simple * principle is expressed by a writer of a very different character from these two great plilofophers; a writer , " qf'om, " nt'appellera plus ptilofopie, Inais rq'on appcllera leplus eloquent des " fopfites," with great force, and, as his manner is, with some exaggeration: "II n'y a point de principes abftraits dans la politic. " C'eft une science des calculs, des combinaifons, et des excep " tions, felon les lieux, les ters et les circonftances." lettcr de Roulaeau au mviarquis de Mliraieau. The second proposition is true; but the first is not a just inference from it. maxims ( 61) maxims of reason , of which the observance, as we know by immediate experience, is essential to the security of men's rights, and which pervade the laws of all countries. An account of the gradual application of these original principles , first, to more simple , and afterwards to more complicated cafes, forms both the hifiory and the theory of law . Such an historical account of the progress of men, in reducing justice to an applicable and praeical system , will enable us to trace that chain, in which so many breaks and interruptions are perceived by superficial observers, but which in truth inseparably, though with many dark and hidden windings, links together the security of ife and property with the most minute and apparently frivolous formalities of legal proceeding. We shall perceive that no human foresight is sus. ficient to establish such a system at once, and that, if it were so established , the occurrence of unforeseen cafes would shortly altogether change it; that there is but one way of forming a civil code, either consistent with common-sense, or that has ever been practised in any country, namely, that of gradually building up the law in proportion as the facts arise which it is to regulate. We shall learn to appreciate the merit of vulgar objections against the subtlety and complexity of laws . We shall estimate the good sense and the gratitude of those who reproach lawyers for employing all the powers of their mind to discover subtle distinctions ( 62) tions for the prevention of injustice; and we shall at once perceive that laws ought to be neither more finple nor more colmplex than the state offociety which they arc to govern, but that they ought exafly to correspond to it. Of the two faults, however, the excess of simplicity would certainly be the greatef; for laws , more complex than are necessary, would only produce embarrassment; whereas laws more simple than the affairs which they regulate would occasion a defect of justice. More understanding - has perhaps beeni in this manner exerted to fix the rules of life than * in any other science; and it is certainly the most honourable occupation of the understanding, because it is the most immediately subservient to general safely and comfort. There is not, in my opinion , in the whole compass of human affairs, so noble a spectacle as that which is displayed in the progress of jurisprudence; where we may contemplate.the cautious and unwearied exertions of a succession of wise men through a long course of ages; withdrawing every cafe as it arises from the dangerous power of discretion, and fubje&ting it to inflexible rules; extending the dominion of : " " The casuistical subtleties are not perhaps greater than I: the fibtleties of lawyers; Lrt the latter are illnocelt, and even C i necejagry." hume Eftays, vol. II p. 558. i i' " Law ," said Dr. Johnson, ': is the icience in which the ': greatest powers of understanding are applied to the greatest number of faets." Nobody, who is acquainted with the | variety and multiplicity of the fiujects of jurisprudence, and! with the prodigious powers of discrimination employed upon ' them, can doubt the truth of this obfcrvatiori. PI 'justice ( 63) justice and reason , and gradually contracting , within the narrowest possible limits, the domain of brutal force and of arbitrary will. This subjea has been treated with such dignity by a writer who is admired by all mankind for his eloquence, but who is, if possible, still more admired by all competent judges for his philosophy ; a writer , of whom I mayjuftly say, that he was "graviimus " et dicendi et intelligendi auit7or et magiter; " that I cannot refuse myself the gratification of quoting his words : -" The science of jurisprudence the "pride of the human intellect,. which, with all its defets, redundancies, and errors, is the " collected reason of ages combining the principles of original justice with the infinite variety " of human concerns '." I shall exemplify the progress of law , and illustrate those principles of universal justice on which it is founded, by a