viewed ; may devise methods of confuting new errors, and exposing new paradoxes; and may hit upon a more popular way of displaying what has hitherto been exhibited in too dark and mysterious a form. It is commonly allowed, that the science of human nature is of all human sciences the most curious and important. To know ourielves, 'is a precept which the wife in all ages have recommended, and which is enjoined by the authority of revelation itself. Can anything be of more consequence to man, than to know what is his duty, and how he may arrive at happiness? It is from the xa - examination of his own heart that he receives the first intimations of the one, and the only sure criterion of the other. -- What can be more useful, more delightful, and more sublime , than to contemplate the Deity? It is in the works of nature , particularly in the constitution of the human soul, that we discern the first and most conspicuous traces of the Almighty; for without some previous acquaintance with our own moral nature , we could not have any certain knowledge of His. -- Destitute of the hope of immortality, and a future retribution, how contemptible, how miserable is man! And yet, did not our moral feelings, in concert with what reason discovers of the Deity, evidence the necessity of a future state, in vain should we pretend to judge rationally of that revelation by which life and immortality have been brought to light. How then is this science to be learned ? In what manner are we to study human nature ? Doubtless by examining our own hearts and feelings, and by attending to the conduct of other men. But are not the writings of philosophers useful towards the attainment of this science? Most certainly they are: for whatever improves the sagacity city of judgement, the sensibility of moral perception, or the delicacy of taste; whatever renders our knowledge of moral and intellectual fats more extensive; whatever impresses our minds with more enlarged and more powerful sentiments of duty, with more affecting views of God and Providence, and with greater energy of bell, f in the doctrines of natural religion; everything of this sort either makes us more thoroughly acquainted, or prepares us for becoming more thoroughly acquainted with our own nature , and with that of other beings, and with the relations which they and we bear to one another. But I fear we shall not be able to improve ourselves in any one of these respects, by reading the modern systems of scepticism. What account then are we to make of those systems and their authors ? The following dissertation is partly designed as an answer to this question. But it has a further view : which is, to examine the foundations of this scepticism, and see whether these be consistent with what all mankind must acknowledge to be the foundations of truth ; to inquire, whether the cultivation of fcepticifin be salutary or pernicious to science and mankind ; and whether it may not be possible to devise certain criteria, by which the ablurditv of its its conclusions may be deteaed, even by thoki who may not have leisure or subtlety, or metaphysical knowledge , sufficient to qualify them for a logical confutation of all its premises. If it be confessed, that the present age has some tendency to licentioufniefs, both in principle and practice, and that the works of Sceptical writers have some tendency to favour that licentiousness; it will also be con sessed, that this design is neither absurd nor unseasonable. A celebrated writer * on human nature has observed, that " if truth be at all within " the reach of human capacity, it is certain it muff lie very deep and abstruse : " and a little after he adds, " that he would esteem " it a strong presumption against the philosophy he is going to unfold, were it so very " easy and obvious." I am so far from adopting this opinion , that I declare, in regard to the few things I have to say on human nature , that I should esteem it a very strong presumption against them, if they were not easy and obvious. Physical and mathematical truths are * Treatise of Human Nature , vol.. p. 4. often often abstruse; but faas and experiments relating to the human mind, when expressed in proper words , ought to be obvious to all. I find that those poets, historians, and no veliffs, who have given the most lively displays of human nature , and who abound most in sentiments easily comprehended, and readily admitted as true, are the most entertaining, as well as the most useful. How then should the philosophy of the human mind be so difficult and obscure? Indeed, if. it be an author's determinate purpose to advance paradoxes, some of which are incredible, and others beyond comprehension ; if he be willing to avail himself all he can of the natural ambiguity of language in supporting those paradoxes; or if he enter upon inquiries too refined for human understanding; he muss often be obscure, and often unintelligible. But my views are very different. I intend only to fuggefr: some hints for guarding the mind against error; and these, I hopes will be found to be deduced from principles which every man of common capacity may examine by his daily experience. It is true, that several subjects of intricate speculation are treated of in this book . But I have endeavoured, by confrant appeals to B fa C fat and experience, by illuisrations and examples the most familiar I could think of, and by a plainness and perspicuity of expression which sometimes may appear too much affected, to treat of them in a way, that I hope cannot fail to render them intelligible , even to those who are not much conversant in studies of this kind. Truth , like virtue, to be loved, needs only to be seen. My principles require no disguise; on