from his cradle, none of the presents of Nature , no soft fleece, no plumage, no defensive armour, no tool, for a life so painful and so laborious; and he is the only being who invites the Gods to his birth, to his nuptials, and to his funeral obsequies. However far he may have been milled by extravagant opinions , whenever he is itruck by unexpectcd buriis of joy or grief, his soul, by an involuntary movement, takes refuge in the bcfon of Deity. He cries out: Ah, my GODLY raises to Heaven suppliant hands, and eyes bathed with tears, in hope of there finding a Father. Ah! the walnts of Man bear witness to the providence of a Supreme Being. He has made Man feeble and ignorant, only that he may stay himself on his strength, and illuminate himself by his light; and so far is it from being true, that chance, or malignant spirits, domineer over a World , where everything concurred to destroy a creature so wretched, his preiervation, his enjoyments, and his empire, demonfiratc, that, at all times, a beneficent GOD has been the friend, and the prcgietor of human life. STUDY 3+4 STUDY NINTH. OBJEC'I'IONS AGAINST THE METHODS OF OUR REASON , AND 'THE PRINCIPLES OF OUR SCIENCES. I HAVE lifplayed, from the beginning of this Work , the immensity of the fiudy of Nature . I there proposed new plans, to assist us in forming an idea of the order which ihe has established in all her various kingdoms; but, checked by my own incapacity, all that I could presume to promise was, to trace a slight sketch of what exists in the vegetable order . However, before I proceeded to lay down new principles on this subject , I thought myself called upon to refute the prejudices which the World , and our Sciences themselves, might have diffused over Nature , in the minds of my Readers. I have, accordingly, exhibited a faint representation of the goodness of Providence to the age in which we live, and the objections which have been raised against it. I have replied to those objecions, in the same order in which I had stated them, pointing out, as I went along, the wonderful harmony which prevails in the distribution of the Globe, abandoned, as some would have it, to the simple Laws of motion and of chance. I have presented a new theory of the courses of the Tides, of the motion of the Earth in the Ecliptic, and of the Universal 345 versal Deluge: and I am now going to attack, in my turn, the methods of our Reason , and the Elements of our Sciences, before I proceed to lay down some principles , which may indicate to us a certain path to the discovery of Truth . But let it be understood, that if, in the course of this Work , and particularly in this article, I have combated our natural Sciences, it is only so far as system is concerned: I give them full credit on the fide of obfcrva: L t; :. Besides, I highly respect the persons who devote themselves to the pursuit of Science. I know nothing in the world more estimable, next to the virtuous man, than tle inan of real knowledge , if, however, it be possible to separate the Sciences from Virtue. What sacrifices and privations does not the cultivation of them demand! While the herd of Mankind is growing rich and renowned by agriculture, commerce, navigation, and the arts, it has been frequently seen, that those who cleared the way for all the reit, lived in indigence themselves, unknown to, and disregarded by, their contemporaries. The man of Science, like the tori l, illuminates all around him, and remains himself in obscurity. 'I have attacked, then, neither the Learned , whom I honour, nor the Sciences, which have been my consolation through life; but had time permitted, I would have dililut ed every inch of ground with our methods and our fyfictns. They have thrown us into such a variety of absurd opinions , in every branch of scientific research, that, I do not hesitate to affirm, our Libraries, at this day, contain more of error than of information. Nay, I could venture to wager, that were you to introduce a blind man * into the King's Library, * The word in the original is, a .ip.e.e.uegt. The qtinzc vingt at Paris is a royal foundation of Saint Lois:, for the relief of fteendfcore, that is, three hundred blind perrons: hence, in the Parisian phrase, any one, in general , afililed with the want of fiiht is denomirnated a qjtinzc vingt. The kiicg's ti.rary is another efiablifhment, which rcfletts the higlcft ho, our on the French Govelnment. It was founded by the famous Cardinal de ri¢hlieu; who, however, transferred the credit of it to the Prince. The building is ercted in the very centre of the Metropolis, and contains a mont magnificent page of that book on which he may chance to lay his hand, shall contain an error. Flow many probabilities should I have in my favour, among romance writers , poets, mythologists, historians, panegyritis, motalifts, naturalists of all ages past, and metaphysicians of all ages and of all countries? There is, in truth , a very simple method to check the mischief which their opinions might produce it is to arrange all the books which contradict themfrlves, by the fide of each other; as these are, in every wa; lc of literature, altnoft infinite in number , the result of human knowledge , as far as they convey it, will be reduced almost to nothing. By our very methods of acquiring knowledge , we are deluded into error. First, to succeed in the search of Truth , we ought to be entirely exempted from the influence of paillon; and yet, from our earliet, infancy, the passions are wilfully set afloat, and thus reason receives an improper bias from the very first. This maxim is laid down as the fundamental bass of all condu&t, and of all opinion , Make