bone, of flesh, and of blood in a human body, would be a picture of a living man. Nothing but a patient and minute investigation of the praaiceof the government in all its parts, and through its whole history, can give us just notions on this important sub.jet. If a lawyer, without a philosophical spirit, be unequal to the examination of this great work of liberty and wisdom, still more unequal is a philosopher without practical, legal, and historical knowledge ; for the first may want skill, but the second wants materials. The observations of Lord Bacon on political writers , in general , are most applicable to those who have given us systematic descriptions of the English constitution. " All those who have writ * reader will perceive that I allude to MONTESQUIEU, whom I never name without reverence, though I shall presume, with humility, to criticise his account of a government which he only saw at a distance. C ten (54) " ten of governments have written as philofo " phers, or as lawyers, and none as jlatefmen. As for the philosophers, they make imaginary laws C for imaginary commonwealths, and their dif " courses are as the stars, which give little light "because they are so high."" hac cognitio ad " viros civiles proprie perlinet," as he tells us in another part of his writings; 'but unfortunately no experienced philosophical British fiatefman has yet devoted his leifutre to a delineation of the constitution, which such a statesman alone can practically and perfectly know. In the discussion of this great subject , and in all reasonings on the principles of politics, I shall labour, above all things, to avoid that which appears to me to have been the constant source of political error: I mean the attempt to give an air of system , of simplicity, and of rigorous demonstration, to fubjets 'which do not admit it. The only means by which this could be done, was by referring to a few simple causes, what, in truth , arose from immense and intricate combinations, and successions of causes. The consequence was very obvious. The system of the theorist, disencumbered from all regard to the real nature of things, easily assumed an air of speciousness. It required little dexterity to make his argument appear conclusive. But all men agreed that it was utterly inapplicable to human affairs. The theorist ( 55) theorist railed at the folly of the world , instead of confessing his own; and the men of practice unjustly blamed philosophy , instead of condemning the fophit. The causes which the politician has to conider are, above all others, multiplied, mutable, minute, subtle, and, if I may so speak, evanescent; perpetually changing their form, and varying their combinations; losing their nature , while they keep their name; exhibiting the moult different consequences in the endless variety of men and nations on whom they operate; in one degree of strength producing the most signal benefit; and, under a slight variation of circumitances, the most tremendous mischiefs. They admit indeed of being reduced to theory; but to a theory formed on the moult extensive views , of the most comprehensive and flexible principles , to embrace all their varieties , and to sit all their rapid transmigrations; a theory, of which the moult fundamental maxim is, distrust in itself, and deference for practical prudence. Only two writers of former times have, as far as I know, observed this general defect of political reasoners ; but there two are the greatest philosophers who have ever appeared in the world . The first of them is Aristotle, who, in a passage of his Politics, to which I cannot at this moment turn, plainly condemns the pursuit of a delusive geometrical accuracy in noral reasonings as the eonttant source of the groffelt error. The second is Lord Bacon, who tells us, 4 with ( 56) with that authority of conscious wisdom which belongs to him, and with that power of richly adorning truth from the wardrobe of genius which he possessed above alniojf all men, " Civil knowledge is conversant about a fubjeet which, " above all others, is mofl immersed in matter, " and hardlieft reduced to axiom @." IV I shall next endeavour to lay open the general principles of civil and criminal laws . On this fuljet I may with some confidence hope that I shall be enabled to philosophise with better materials by my acquaintance with the laws of my own country, which it is the business of my life to practice, and of which the study has by habit become my favourite pursuit. The first principles of jurisprudence are simple maxims of reason , of which the observance is immediately discovered by experience to be essential to the security of men's rights, and which pervade the laws of all countries. An account of the gra * This principle is exprefltd by a writer of a very different chara&ter fi-om these two great philosophers; a wvriter, 0 quot n'appellera plus philoophe, mais qu'on appellera le plus ' eloquent des /ophij/es," with great force, and, as his manner is, with some exaggeration. *'11 n'y a point de principes abfiraits dans la politic. 4" c'eft une science des calculs des combinaifons et des excep " tions, felon les lieux, les tems et les circonftances." lettre de Rouseau au 2imarquis die 2mrabeau. t The second proposition is true; but the first is not a just inference from it. dual ( 57) dual application of these original principles , sirs:, to more simple , and afterwards to more complicated cafes, forms both the history and the theory of law . Such an historical account of the progress of men, in reducing justice to an applicable and practical system , will enable us to trace that chain, in which so many breaks and interruptions are perceived by superficial observers, but which in truth inseparably, though with many dark and hidden windings, links together the security of life and property with the most minute and apparently fiivolous formalities of legal proceeding. We Shall perceive