have excelled. Their Works are full of judicious Sentences , sublime Thoughts, noble Sentiments, elegant Turns, happy Expreiflons; in a Word of a thousand delicate Strokes and Touches of all Kinds, which form, elevate and embellish the Understanding. But though' he esteems all the Matters of the Art, and derives Benefit and Improvement from them all, yet he has some that are his peculiar Favourites, rites, that he more particularly cherishes than the ref. Such is Horace for Example, or '* Martial; the one is a constant, perfee Model of true Wit, delicate Sense, elegant Choice, exquisite Tafe,; and Excellence in every Refpe : the other is undoubtedly the most extraordinary, and will remain so, in the Art of cooking up a Thought with the mors poinant Seasoning and .exquisite Relish. To Poetry he adds the other Parts of liberal, genteel Knowledge , and so gathers up a Treasure of that agreeable polite Learning , which gives Lustre and Beauty to the moult abstruse Sciences. FROM this polite Learning he enters upon Philosophy , .and in the first Place upon Natural Philosophy . He studies the first Principles of Things, the Structure of the Universe , the Contexture of human Bodies, the Properties oft beaks, the Virtues of Plants, and the. Qualities of Metals. But he dwells the longefdupon ETHICS, or Moral Philosophy , which is the proper Food of the Soul, and what perfecs herin all the Virtues and Qualifications of a Gentleman. This Science is to be collected chiefly out of the Sages and Philosophers, who have reduced it into Sentences , Axioms , Emblems, Satyrs and Fables. He grows enamoured of Seneca, Plato, the seven Wifemen, Epilettus, Plutarch, without disdaining the amusing and instructive iefop. HE. then applies himself to Cosmography of both Kinds; he learns to reafure the Land and the Sea; to disting uish Climates, Latitudes, anti the four Divisions of the World ; the. Provinces,. Nations,. Kingdoms and Republics como 3 prized! Gratian was of Bibilili, the Poet Martiars' Country. prized therein. He finds a double Advantage in this Study ; the one is to know all this, and the other is to be able to discourse upon it; that he may not be like a great many ignorant Persons, that scarce know the Climate they live in. He then acquires the Knowledge of the celestial Globes, which roll over our Heads; he observes their various Motions, numbers the Stars and Planets, and acquaints himself with their Influences and Effets. As to Astrology, he examines no farther into that than Wisdom allows. ALL these Studies terminate in the conffant reading the Holy Scriptures: For that is undoubtedly the moult profitable, the moss comfortable, the most agreeable and fatisfaetory Reading , both for the Sublimity and Variety of the Matter contained in the sacred Pages. King Don Al phonfi, the Magnanimous, in all the Multiplicity of his important Affairs of Peace and War, found Time to read the whole Bible fourteen Times over, together with Commentators and Expoi tors. THIS is the Price, at which he purchased the glorious Appellation of a Complete Gentleman. Moral Philosophy makes the honest man; natural Philosophy the ingenious Man; History the Man of Experience; Poesy the Man of Wit; Rhetoric the eloquent Man; polite Learning sheds a diffusive Grace and Ornament upon all Kinds of Literature; the Knowledge of the World confiitutes the intelligent Man; * the Study of the sacred Pages forms the good Man; but all this muss go together to make the perfect, complete Gentleman. Such a one was Don Sebastian de Mendoza, Count de Co ruiga. THE THE second Part. of Life he dedicates to the Conversation and Knowledge of the Living, and toenjoy the greater Variety of that Pleasure he travels into different Nations and foreign Countries. This Inclination to travelling is a great Happiness to him that undertakes it for the Sake of Improvement, with the Curiosity of getting a personal Information of Things, provided he has a Capacity for that Purpose. He meets with some Fatigue indeed in seeking and searching'; but then he finds infinite Pleasure and Satisfaction in discovering and examining all the Curiosities of the World , and in making his Uses and Improvements from them. What a mvan does not see, he does not properly know, and can only relish imperfectly. There is a great Difference in this Respect between the Eyes and the Imagination. A judicious Traveller has two considerable Advantages; the one is, to have a jufler Knowledge of what relates to foreign Countries, than other People have; and the other is to reap more Pleasure from it, than any other Persons can possibly do. For he that sees curious obje&s but once, has a very different Sense of them from him that sees them every Day. Those Rarities and Wonders are common to the latter; but in regard to the former they have the Charm of Novelty, which both excites and gratifies his Curiosity . When a magnificent Palace is first finished, it is for a while the Delight of the Owner; but in a little Time that Pleasure forsakes him, and is transferred to Strangers. The Benefit a Man reaps from travelling is very obvious. In the firil Place he brings Home at least experimental Knowledge , which has always been esteemed by wise Men. For this Knowledge undeceives us by by the Testimony of our own Eyes in regard to the false Accounts and Descriptions, which ill informed Writers have given of a Country; and confirms the Fidelity of those Descriptions, that are made by just and accurate Authors . As to the Places, which he travels to, he generallyconfines himself to those, that are of greatelf Note; as Spain, Franc, England, Germany, Muscovy, and above all, Italy, where he makes his longest Residence. There he views and observes at Leisure all the Cities of great. tet Same, and all that is curious and singular in each, whether of ancient or modern Date; the Magnificence of the Churches, the filmp tuous and noble Architeaure of the Palaces : There