downwards through the lower Orders , till we descend to Minds almost wholly destitute of Apprehension, and which reflect no Resemblances of the Objecs presented to them. These Tiings considered, 1 thought it necessary to g; ive my Disciples an Idea of a Right Understanding; to the Accuracy of which every Free think cr should endeavour to approach, as near as he can. There is no Danger of my Scholars learning to think too justly, or (in my Phralfe) too.freely; nor, that Men will too hnicey examine into the, Truths of Philosophy ; nor, that they, who are naturally unqualified, will labour beyond their Strength Strength after an Excellency, which is set far out of their Reach. EVERY Eye is not made to discern all visible Objeas, nor to bear every Degree of Light; neither, is the Mind of every Man formed to conceive all intelligible Notions : And, yet every Eye, that has the ordinary Power of Sight, sees fuficiently for a thousand common Uses; and the weakef: Sight may be assisted by Glasses: In the like manner, there are few Apprehensions, which may not be brought to conceive many useful Truths rightly. 'THERE are Underitandings, which are by Nature formed incapable of making Advances in Knowledge , answerable to the reasonable Desires of the Will, even with the Aliftance and Direction of the ablest Teachers. Such limited Capacities are not qualified to enlarge the Bounds of Philosophy ; to explore the unknown Regions of Learning ; to discover what remains yet to complete Arts and Sciences; nor, even to win back lost Provinces of Knowledge , from the Encroachments of Ignorance. However, there Subordinate Understandings, in their several Ranks, not only may be, but acually are, serviceable; when, by a previous self examination, they apply their Attentions to such Portions of Learning , as lie level to their Abilities, and come within the Sphere of their Activity. Though their Speculations are confined within narrow Boundaries, yet there is till sufficient Employment for their Ingenuity, by studying to perfect and clear up their Notions on such Sub jess, as fall within their Comprehension . The Glory of new Inventions belongs but to few ; the Praise of adding to them may be acquired by many: And he, who cannot extend his Thought to great and general Views of Knowledge , may be very accurate in some particulars Study . It is not for every every Musician to enrich his Art with original Compositions; though, he may learn to perform on a particular Instrument to Perfection. THUS, in the intellectual World there are Ob jeets, Scenes and Profpecfs, to employ the Variety of Understandings, suitable to their several discern ing Faculties; either, as the Sight of the Mind is strong or weak; or, as it sees obje&s difrintly at a distance; or, can only distinguish Those, which are near. The Philosopher of an open, dilated Genius may, safely, launch out into the boundless Expanse of Thought; and range with Pleasure through the vast Regions of Speculation; in which, a little Genius would be lost. Standing as it were in the Centre, the Man of Genius views the immense Ocean of Space, to which Nature has decreed no Bounds. He contemplates the Line of Duration, without any End forward, and backward without any Beginnifig. Where the Penetration of the Eye fails, he calls in the Assistance of Glasses, by which he is enabled either to discern the minuter Curiosities of Nature ; or to lengthen out his Sight through Traas of Aether, and to survey the Enclosures in Space, set out into Worlds , behind which unnumbered Worlds exill, out of the jurifdieion of Human Knowledge . IT is in Fhilofophy, as it is in Trade: There are (and it is fit there should be) Wholesale and Retail Dealers, in the one and in the other. The great Merchant does not attend to little Advantages; and the Philosophers of superior Faculties, and of the most universal Knowledge , frequently overlook the ordinary Powers and Maierials of Nature , and the more common Methods of. employing them; so that, by omitting to apply the more obvious Parts of Knowledge to the Use of Life, they frequently fail in consummating the glorious rious Projets, of which they had planned out the first Design. Here then, properly comes in the Assistance of Persons, whore Studies have not led them into the Mazes of general Science; but, whose whole Observation has been confined within a narrow Compass, and the Forces of their Mind contracted into one Point of Attention. They (as they refpeaively apply themselves) are able to reduce into Practice the large speculative Notions , which Men of refined Spirits, and of a comprehensive Thought, are obliged to leave to their Ingenuity in Mcchanicks. WHEN, upon the Proposition, mentioned in my Hundred and Eleventh Secure, That Tlater will rise almoaji to the Height of the Fountainhead in a crooked Tube, large Pipes of Lead were at first made use of to convey Water through the Streets; in time, Artifrs of inferior Knowledge improved upon this Invention, by introducing bored Elms to be laid underground; which were neither so expensive, nor subject to so many Accidents, as Tubes of Metal; reserving the Leaden Pipes for the small Feathers, laid into the several Houses. The late Mr. Savery likewise, though he has merited largely from Posterity by the Invention of an Engine, to perfea which he was encouraged by a Law in his favour; nevertheless, through his Want of Knowledge in inferior Workmanship, he was not Co happy as to succeed in completing his fine and useful Project of railing and discharging Water out of the deepest Mines, by the Force of Fire, so as to prevent all Inundations of the Works underground. Whereas, since his Decease, a Person, who was possibly not capable of forming such a Project, but yet had good Experience in Works of that nature , has reduced his whole Design into Practice, and per perfeced this curious Engine so far, as to make it of extraordinary Service, for' throwing