for loading with a commentary the most perse book in the world ! But though it may not be agreeable to that general delicacy which an author is bound to preserve towards his readers; yet it may nevertheless be proper to inform them, that they seem to be rather'partial to themselves upon the present question; never considering how much of Vol. I. a the the blame ought in all conscience to be laid at their own door: for though it may be a iecret to a great many, yet it is an undoubted truth that the noft perfect writer requires that his work should be put into the hands of those who can read . And my intention in this edition is not to correct my author , but to supply a defect which it could not have been very confifdent with his plan to remedy. For he has written his book expressly upon the supposition that his reader was endued with the faculty of attention : and as this is a disposition of mind with which the book is but rarely taken up, though it will always be laid down with it, or else it has.been used to little purpose: a few seasonable warnings therefore, to route the attention of the indolent reader, may be given with great propriety, and without bringing any reflection upon the charater of the author , who in point of perspicuity, excels every one. But I will even go farther and venture to affirm that an author , who writes upon fuhjets of science, may find. it often by no means convenient to deliver himself in such a manner as to be always intelligible even to those whom he would wish to have for readers. Because authors are confined to. a particular method of arrangement,. if it be their intention to deliver opinions or discoveries in a systematic manner. And although there has been a senseless and incef sant clamour, for almost two centuries, against this method; yet it seems to be the only way of keeping knowledge within such limits, as to be by any means manageable by the human mind. It is true indeed that our progress in acquiring knowledge , when left to ourselves, and our own experience, is directly contrary to, this, being first condemned to an examination of particulars. And even when we take up with the systems of others, it is requisite that we have laid in a sufficient flock of materials to enable us readily to comprehend any very general dotrine. For no general rule, or law , or theorem , or what you please to call it, is by any means to be understood, unless we have particular instances ready to apply, as occasion requires : always however excepting a genius . of the kind given to Hudibras in the following lines, containing the meaning and importance of many volumes . His notions fitted things so well, That which was .which he could. not tell. The The fault therefore is not in the systems , but arises from the general incapacity which mankind seem to labour under, for judging of the merits of such as have been offered to their consideration; and as there are quacks of all denominations, ever lying in wait to take advantage of the simplicity of the multitude ; the world by this means has been overrun with counterfeits. To have a genius for any science seems to me to imply a readiness at finding out particular instances to apply to any general rule. It is therefore to be fufpeeced that those who are deficient in this kind of invention will by no means find their progress in any science, answerable to the time which they bestow upon it: they may commit the rules or the theorems to memory and nevertheless be ignorant of their meaning and application. Hence a certain degree of invention becomes necessary even for the ready acquisition of a. science; and this perhaps not so different from that kind of invention by which the principles were at first discovered , as many have been apt to imagine. Now here is the difficulty; a scientific book ought to contain knowledge in that compat form; in which every one would choose to take a review of it, after he has made himself master of the subject : and not encumbered with all those particular instances, which would now stand in the way of the readers imagination as much as they assisted it before. For intfance, who could relish the noblest of Newton's theorems if it presented itself to his mind encumbered with all those properties, which had led him from common notions to the right understanding of so sublime a speculation. A book therefore, if this reasoning be just, which would be proper for a learner would be fit for nobody else: and the greatest perfection of writing will still leave occasion and employement for the talents of that kind of commentator, which I profess myself to be. The sweepings of the author's study would furnish the best and most authentic materials for works of this kind; and yet humble as the office may seem, if I can execute my task but nearly up to the idea which I have of it, I shall not regret my labour. The reader however will be disappointed, if he expect to find Euclid either correatedor enlarged, my purpose being nothing more than a 2 to to conduct the learner to that sense in which the author wished himself to be understood. An ostentation of learning is a fault which prevails among mapy commentators; for they seem to be apprehensive least the world should think they know nothing but their business : and therefore instead of explaining their author , endeavour to persuade the world that they understand the subject better than he himself did. But I do not write to the firength but to the weakness of mankind ; and therefore would not choose to be considered as challenging the whole world to find fault, but only as applying