we have already proved 37) their lively fancy had often hurried them. The same romantic cast of imagination which had animated woods and winds, mountains and rivers, which had changed heroes into gods, and gods into frail men, might endow animals with reason , and even speech, The gno The next step towards moral science was of a nonic po more refined and abfiraet kind, consisting of the tts. Sentences of the gnomonic poets 38, and in those detached precepts or proverbs which, in all countries, have preceded any fyltematic account of morality. Each of the seven sages, as they were called, had his favourite maxims 9, which he engraved in temples and other places of public re ilrt; but at this distance of time it is impossible, amidst the differences of authors , to discover what belongs to each; nor is the search important, since all their maxims or proverbs, whatever es sorts of generalisation they might cost their inventors, 37 See above, Chapter II 38 See the Sentences of Theognis, which are evidently a col'eóion, not the work of one man. 39 Ariftot. Rhet. II z2. Stobaus. Serm. p. 44, c. tors, now appear extremely simple and fami C H A P. liar. XIII These respectable fathers of Grecian philosophy , who silently diffused light through the gloom of a barbarous age, are said to have maintained a correspondence 40 with each other, as well as with So ion of Athens, Chilon of Sparta, and Periander of Corinth; men who, in imitation of their eatlern brethren, chiefly cultivated such pra&tical knowledge as qualified them to be the legislators, ma giitrates, and generals of their respective countries, Thales, the Milesian, alone, quitted the ordi The dif nary pursuits of civil and military renown; and coveries although he composed verses, promulgated moral of Thales Sentences , and, on rome particular emergencies, ian. gave seasonable advice to his countrymen, yet he established his fame on a basis more broad and permanent than the flutuating interests of perishing communities. Many of the elementary propositions of geometry, afterwards collected by Euclid' were first discovered by Thales, who directed the acuteness of his mind with equal success to afirono my. He divided the heavens into five zones, disco. vered the equinoxes and folflices, remarked the Urfa Minor, observed, and nearly predicted, eclipses. The division of the year into three hundred and fixty five days was already known to the Egyptians; but although Thales might borrow this, and perhaps other discoveries, from that ancient people, among whom he sometimes resided, 'it appears, even from those authors who are ever prone to exaggerate the wisdom of Egypt, that he owed much less to that country, than to the native 4° Plut. Symp. *' Proclus in Euclid. C H A P. native sagacity and penetration of his clear com XIII prehenfive mind 42 Hisfchool Thales founded the Ionic school, in which he and fuc C was succeeded by Anaximander and Anaximenes, who were followed by Anaxagoras, the inffruator of Pericles, and Archelaus, who is called by the ancient writers the maifer of Socrates. About fifty years after Thales, the same speculations which he had introduced were pursued by Xenophanes of Colophon, Leucippus and Parmenides of Elea, and Heraclitus of Ephesus. These ingenious men discovered many useful truths ; yet all of them, not excepting Thales himself, likewise busied themselves with subjects that will for ever excite and elude human curiosity . Their doctrines were equally liable to objection, whichever of the elements they assumed, as the firll principle of nature ; they universally agreed in alerting the fallacy of the senses, and the unworthiness of the vulgar fuperfiition; but their various opinions concerning the origin and de ftruation of worlds , the magnitudes and distances of heavenly bodies, the essence of matter and cegene spirit 'J, deserve only to be considered as the rare into dreams of inquisitive men whose ambition of Atheifiii. knowledge carried them beyond the sphere of experience, and the clear deductions of reason . The fyfiem of Leucippus, the mofi famous of them all, was improved by Democritus of Abdera 4, and afterwards adopted by Epicurus, whose philosophy is sufficiently explained in the extraordinary work of Lucretius, the boldefr monument *4hieronym. apudlaert.'l. i. C XXVII Plin. 1. XXXVIII C XVII 43 See Diogen. Laert. 1. i. Ariftot. Metaph. paiim.r & Plut. de Placit. Philofoph. *+ Laert. 1. IX Ariffot. Phyric. 1. VIII monument which the world is ever likely to bec H A P. hold, of learning , genius , and impiety. Xlll. But it is particularly worthy of observation, The sub that at the same time Democritus assailed the lime phi celestial mansions, and unveiled, with a daring lofophyof hand, the feeble majesty of Grecian fuperilition, Anaxa Anaxagoras of Clazomene revealed a new andgora infinitely more augufi fpetacle, by first announcing to the heathen world , a felf exiftent, all perfect mind, as the greatest cause and author of the material world . Thales and Pythagoras, with such of their disciples as faithfully adhered to their tenets , had indeed admitted spirit as a constituent principle of the universe ; but they had so intimately blended mind and matter, that these dif similar substances seemed to make an indissoluble compound, as the soul and body contfitute but one man. According to Anaxagora's, on the other hand, the creating and sovereign intelligence was carefully difiinguifhed from the soul of the world , which he seems to have regarded merely as a poetical exprefion for the laws which the Deity had impressed on his works . The great Ruler of the world did not animate, but impel matter; he could not be included within its limited and perishing terms; his nature was pure and spiritual, and totally incapable of pollution by any corporeal admixture 4. The discovery and diffusion of this luminous and sublime principle , which was naturally followed by an investigation of the moral attributes of the Deity, and the deducing from thence the great duties of morality, might have produced a general 4' Ariftot Metaphyf. 1. i. C III