reason all the objections drawn from reason . Daniel could not adt this part: It would not have become him to solve difficulties by uncertain conjectures; the Philosopher might prepare the Prince, by bare hypotheses, to submit and to distrust his undersfanding: But it was necessary that the Prophet should disengage Cyrus from all bold speculations, how refined and bright soever they might appear, and lead him to the belief of a supernatural religion, not by a philosophical demonstration of it's doctrines , but by proviing them to be divinely revealed. In a word , he should fix the mind of the young Hero by indisputable facts , which strike much more forcibly than abltraet ideas . And it is for this reason that the Author introduces in his last hook two persons of very different characters, a Philosopher and a Prophet; the one employs the powers of reason against incredulity, the other imp, )ses silence on all reasonings by a fiipernatur.l authority . Th: s is the only ufc which the Author would make of the opinions of Origen; they anfwvcrcdl the objections of the incredulous conceroing the beginning and duration of evil; they fecw, that since the weak rca son reason of the Philosophers can find a plausible solution of those great difficulties, we may well conclude that the infinite Wisdom will be able one day to julflify his ways, which are now impenetrable. So long as it is allowable to philosophise, the Author expofcs the most probable systems and hypl'thefes; but when the question is of faith, he reaouns only upon palpable faets, in order to discover whether God has spoken to his creatures or not I'he moment we were convinced of this, all doubtful opinions are lost and absorbed in the depths of the divine incomprehensibility. VII Those who thought the iketches of natural philosophy in this work misplaced, pretending that the ancients are represented more knowing than they really were, will be much more ihocked to see those philosophical descriptions augmented in the present edition. It is not surprising to hear this objection made by empty, superficial minds, who laugh at the Mosaic history, while they adopt the Greek fables concerning the origin of mankind ; but it is astonishing to hear the same cavils from those who reverence revealed religion, who do not believe that man was created originally wild and savage, that he wandered in the woods and defirts without knowledge , religion or law ,. and who have philosophy enough to discern that the world could not come out of the hands of a wife, good and powerful Creator in it's present ignorance, disorder and corruption. These persons might easily be persuaded that the first men had know knowledge of God and nature , which are lost in these latter ages; that the sacred writers did not talk at random when they extolled the profound learning of the Orientals and Egyptians, e en in the time of Moses; and lastly, that (a) Josephus was not a visionary, when he said that the Pagans of his time had an ancient tradition, that Abraham who was famous in Asia communicated many sublime discoveries in natural philofphy to the Chaldeans and Egyptians. 1 he Author however has no need of these pretexts to justify the philosophical descriptions in this work . His aim being to set before the eyes of a young Prince those elements of science which might help to form his understanding and his heart, he thought those physical picures more proper than poetical paintings to give his pupil a general idea of nature , inspire him with a taste of philosophy , and awaken his desire of knowledge . In perfuing this design he has taken the liberty to depart from ftriat truth , content himself with probability, and make anachronisms in natural as well as civil history. VIII Some pretend that the Author has but lightly touched a great many fubjets, without going to the bottom of every one; that this book is rather a summary than a work ; that he tfeps too quick from one subject to another; and that his tile is everywhere too laconic, sometimes too metaphysical and abltrufe, and often too void of ornament. (a) See Joseph, Antiq. lib. i. cap. 8 Beras, ibid. & Voss. de Phil. set. cap. 1. p. 3. To To this it may be answered, that profound reasoning does not consist in a multiplicity of words : It is perhaps easier to write a great volume than a little one; the labour is not the less real, because it is concealed. It was intended that each intelligent reader should have the pleasure of drawing the consequences from the principles , unfolding those first seeds of truth , cultivating them and gathering thence a harvest of knowledge , of which the Author himself had perhaps no idea . We have a sufficient number of books which convey instruction by diffusive reasonings , ingenious apho rifins and florid illustrations. The Author's design was to habituate the mind of a young Prince to judge by principles , discover the connexion of essential truths , and unite them under one view . He says to him upon each subjet what is necessary to (hew, that all nations had originally the same fundamental principles , that the duties of religion, morality and good policy flow from the same source, confipire to the same end, and mutually support and fortify each other; and in a word , that all the civil and human virtues, the laws of nature and nations are, so to speak, but consequences of THE LOVE OF ORDER , which is the eternal and universal law of all intelligences . In a work of this nature , it is necessary to unbend the mind of the reader, without carrying it off from it's principal objeet; all the flowers should be tloughts, the graces noble and tender sentiments, the paintings charaetcrs, and the descriptions such pictures as make us acquainted with nature , and admire the Creator. The Author is sensible that lie he is far from having executed this vas design, but in the attempt