A N E S S A Y ON THE INVESTIGATION OF THE FIRST PRINCIPLES OF NATURE : TOGETHER WITH THE APPLICATION THEREOF TO SOLVE THE PHENOMENA OF THE PHYSICAL SYSTEM . P A R T I. CONTAINING . A NEW PHILOSOPHICAL THEORY; WHEREBY Firt Principles , with their Material Substances and Essences, are traced and exhibited; the Limits of Inertness assigned; the Causes of elaricity and Transparency discovered ; the real Mode of Light's Propagation determined; and various other Phenomena clearly explained. The whole scientifically in Teftigated and demonstrated. By FELIX O'GALLAGHER. LONDON: PRINTED FOR J. MURRAY, N 32, FLEET-STREET. U. DCC. LXXIV / TO THE K I N G A P A T R ON AND A JUDGE OF ATTEMPTS TO JMPROVE THE PHILOSOPHY OF NATURE , THE FOLLOWING ESSAY IS DEDICATED,. BY HIS MAJESTY's MOST DUTIFUL SERVANT, AND FAITHFUL SUBJECT , THE AUTHOR . PREFACE. N OTHING is more desirable than the investigation of first principles , and a discovery of the material causes which actuate nature : and nothing would more conduce to such a discovery, than to reduce natural philosophy to the form of a science, that is, to establish therein certain incontestable principles , as a groundwork for subsequent ratiocination, and to lay down a method for extending the science, by unerring rules adapted to the nature of the object proposed, and adequate to its attainment. This cientific form was long wanted to mathematics, the pattern of Sciences, which were at first rather an assemblage of detached truths , discovered by different persons, and independent of each other, than a train of propositions successively emerging from each other, and all primarily founded on the same universal and felf evident axioms . Thus, Thales the Milesian discovered those propositions which are now the th, 5th, and 26th of the Firfr, and also the 2d, 3d, 4th, and 5th of the Fourth Book of Euclid; Pythagoras found out the 32d, a 3 44th, PREFACE. N OTH ING is more desirable than the investigation of first principles , and a discovery of the material causes which actuate nature : and nothing would more conduce to such a discovery, than to reduce natural philosophy to the form of a science, that is, to establish therein certain incon tetible principles , as a groundwork for subsequent ratiocination, and to lay down a method for extending the science, by unerring rules adapted to the nature of the object proposed, and adequate to its attainment. This scientific form was long wanted to mathematics, the pattern of Sciences, which were at first rather an assemblage of detached truths , discovered by different persons, and independent of each other, than a train of propositions successively emerging from each other, and all primarily founded on the same universal and felf evident axioms . Thus, Thales the Milesian discovered those propositions which are now the th, i5th, and 26th of the First, and also the 2d, 3d, 4th, and th of the Fourth Book of Euclid Pythagoras found out the 32d, a 3 44th, ( VI) 44th, 47th, and 48th of the First Book . To Oenopides are ascribed the th and 13th, I. I. But happily for the improvement of mathematics, Euclid colleted the discoveries of these and other geometricians into one connected system , premising those universal truths assumed as evident by all, thence deducing the more simple , and afterwards, by means of those, the more complex propositions, and rejeting whatever was hypothetic or inconsistent. No sooner had geometry been thus formed into a science, than it began to receive the most extensive and noble improvements: witness the sublime Theorems of Archimedes, the Conics of Apollonius, the Sub tenses of Hypparchus, and the Spherics of Theodosius. But the incontestable certainty of mathematical knowledge , which admits of neither doubt nor disagreement throughout the whole learned world , and the facility wherewith the inventions of ages in this science become now the acquisitions of a few months, are undeniable proofs of the unparalleled utility of a truly scientific form in any branch of literature. The necessity of a scientific method in the study of physics is still more apparent. For certainly natural philosophy , or the study of the powers of nature , must have preceded, amongst men, that of magnitude and dimensions, as having a more immediate and 7 general ( VII general connexion with all the necessity' and conveniences of life, and being the source of Agriculture, Botany, Medicine, c. which, from their necessity and utility, are known to have been (and naturally should be) the first of all arts and sciences. Hence, from the earliest Greek philosophers of whose labours we have any monuments left, from Democritus, Thales, and Plato, down to the present times, experiments have been used to obtain a knowledge of nature . This has been the employment of the chemists of all ages, and at present engrosses the attention of all philosophers. Yet how far is natural philosophy Rill from the certainty, simplicity, and liability which characterise mathematics! Various systems prevail in different countries; philosophers of the same nation do not agree amongst themselves; the phenomena of the same experiments are variously interpreted; the same effects are ascribed to different causes; and all our knowledge consists of some diftina assemblages of propositions, collected by the most able students in different branches of physics, from the same phenomena indeed, but on different principles of ratiocination. From all which it is clear that physics have scarcely, to this day, attained that degree of perfection, in which geometry was found by Euclid, when he digested it into scientific ( VIII) scientific order . This chiefly proceeds fron the want of a basis for philosophising like the axioms of geometry, or real natural standards admitted by all, as grounds of ratiocination, and fixed criterions to determine the interpretation of experiments, As an attempt to supply this defect, we have set out from the most incontestable of all principles , to wit, the existence of a Supreme Power and Wisdom, and have thence derived axioms equally undeniable. These again lead to propositions, not so immediately evident, but demonstratively true, and