learn strength and clearness of conception, accuracy, order , corrednefs, copiousness, elegance and dignity of expression. They will find that the moftjuftly approved writers of our own times have formed themselves on those great models; and (as one, who well understood what originality was, expresses himself) they will perceive that, " a true genius is not any bold writer , who breaks through the rules of decency to distinguish himself by the singularity of his opinions ; but one who, on a deserving subject , is able to open new scenes, and discover a vein of true and noble thinking, which never entered into any imagination before; every stroke of whose pen is worth all the paper blotted by hundreds of others in the whole course of their lives *." The cultivation of LOGIC, at the same time, and the most useful and practical branches of the MATHEMATICS (which are excellent examples of revere reasoning and sagacious investigation) will also be of singular * Swift's proposal for correcting, improving, and ascertaining the Englili tongue; in a letter to Lord Qxford. N. use use in preserving our youth from error, in every subsequent part of knowledge . It will teach them to arrange, and methodise, and conned their thoughts; to examine the arguments of others with a nice and critical penetration; to pursue them through a long concatenation of dependent propositions, and discover whether any link in the chain of proofs be wanting; to distinguish sense from sound, ideas from words , hasty and peremptory decisions from just and legitimate conclusions. It will put them upon their guard against bold and novel opinions , especially if addressed to the imagination by strokes of wit, or to the heart by affecting descriptions, rather than to the understanding by sound and conclusive reasoning . By keeping their judgement in constant exercise, it will improve and strengthen that excellent and useful, but too little regarded, faculty. It will inftrut them in the several degrees of certainty, and the various kinds of proof, of which different fubjecs are capable; the jufc grounds of doubt, aifent, or disbelief; the true limits and extent of the human understanding; that precise point, in short , at which which our curiosity ought to stop, and beyond which, all is uncertainty, conjecture, and darkness. The first suitable employment of our minds, thus improved, is to turn their new acquired sagacity inward upon themselves, and, with the help of the best ethical writers , ancient and modern, to make a careful inspection into their own wonderful frame and constitution. This leads us into the province of MORAL PHILOSOPHY ; by the aid of which we shall perceive more diflintly, the nature and true value of the rational, the social, the selfish, principles of action within us, and what tenor of life they point out to us as best accommodated to our circumstances, and calculated to produce the most substantial happiness. By leading young people early into such inquiries as there, many things may be taught them of unspeakable use to themselves and others, and many admirable rules suggested to them for the regulation of their future condut. After this survey of the moral, it is time to contemplate the wonders of the material world . The great volume of nature is therefore fore now thrown open to the student. He is led by the hand of science through all the useful and sublime discoveries of the NEWTONIAN PHILOSOPHY . He is made acquainted with the several properties of matter, in all its various forms and modifications, on this globe of earth; and furnished with principles for increasing and improving the conveniences of common life. He is then transported to distant planets and other worlds . He investigates the laws that govern their revolutions, and the forces that retain them in their orbits. 'a He confiders "the fun when it ihineth, and the moon ( walking in brightness *," and all the host of heaven standing in array before him: and rometimes extends his thoughts even beyond these, beyond the reach of sense, to new sir mnaments and new lights, rising up to his imagination, in endless succession, through the regions of unbounded space. But so far is he from being " secretly enticed -," as omne have formerly been, to convert his admiration of these glorious luminaries, into an impious adoration of them, that they serve * Job XXXI 26. t Ib. XXXI 27. only, only, as they naturally should do, to carry him up to their great Author , even the " Fa,, ' of lights," He sees the DEITY plainly written in these splendid characters, he derives from them the justest and most magnificent conceptions of his nature and attributes, and thus lays a firm and solid foundation for the fuperftruture of NATURAL RELIGION, which forms the next great object of his attention. In the pursuit of this most important branch of knowledge , he will perceive how far the powers of nature and of reason are capable of going, in eftablihing those great fundamental truths of religion; the being of a God, a superintending Providence, a moral government of the universe , the essential and unalterable difference between right and wrong, virtue and vice, a future state of ex. iftence and of retribution, and the obligations which such a system of things imposes on every rational agent to conform his conduc to the will of his Creator; as far as it can be collected from the constitution of the world , from the genuine sentiments of nature , the * Jamaes i. x7. faculties faculties of the human mind, and the attributes of the Deity himself. In these re iearches, he will find light enough to determine an honest and unprejudiced mind to the belief of all the abovementioned momentous doctrines , and obscurity enough to make him earneffly wist for clearer evidence, and more authentic information, on fubjets of such infinite importance. After these inquiries, the student's next advance is to METAPHYSICAL SPECULATIONS. These, it must be owned, have been but too often employed in undermining and