have been expected after the shocks occasioned by so many internal levolutions, and so many foreign wars. The great events which happened then have not hitherto spent their force. The political principles and maxims then established still continue to operate. The id as concerning the balauce of power, then introduced or rendered general , still influence the councils of nations.' The first volume contains a view of the progress of society in Europe, fi-om the subversion of tile Roman Empire to the beginning of the sixteenth century. A critical investigation of so celebrated a work as the History of Charles V would be superfluous. Amidst a great variety of subordinate excellence, its leading characteristics ale, the combination of every material either of fact or reflection, which can exhibit the actual state of society at the time described, and extend our knowledge of man as a social, civil, and political being; with that lucid arrangement which results from a mind of the most penetrating discernment and enlarged comprehension ; viewing every part and relation of its subjects , and the whole together; informing us concerning man's actualstate at different periods, and instructing us in the means of meliorating his character and condition. The clearness and force of the language was an adequate, and its elegance and harmony a pleasing vehicle of wisdom. The History of Charles V was sold for 4,; ool. and published in 1769. The publication of this performance extended over Europe a literary reputation that had before been chiefly confined to Britain. This history made only part of the great plan according to which Robertson had projected to delineate man. He had there traced European society as influenced by causes belonging to Europe itself; another object discovered at the conclusion of the period of his retrospect was pregnant with events and consequences most important to the European states; and thus a subject of political investigation: while it presented man under a different aspect from any of those we had formerly beheld; and thus afforded matter for the most momentous, philosophical, and moral inquiries. An historian of less skill and genius might have probably considered the discover of America in its mere relation to the pewer or opulence of the Spanish Empire during that period. The genius of Robertson was not for viewing a subject in so detached lights. ' Every (he says, in his preface to Charles V intelligent reader will observe one omission in my work , the reason of which it is necessary to explain. I have given no account of the conquests of Mexico and Peru, or of the establish irlet of the Spanish colonies in the continent and islands of America. Tlhe histoyi of these events I originally intended to have related at cniderable length. But upon a nearer and more attentive con 'rteratio:! of thi, part of my plan, I found that the discovery of the New Worid; the state of society among its ancient inhabitants; their character, manners, and arts; the genius of the European settle inents in its various provinces, together with the influence of these upon the systems of policy or commerce in Europe, were subjects so suie: idid and importai; r, that a superficial view of them could afford little satisfaction; and, on the other hand, to treat of them as exten siveiv as the mrerited, must produce an episode disproportionate to the principal. I have, therefore, reserved these for a separate history; which, if the performance now offered to the public shall receive its approbation, I purpose to undertake.' Views * and sketches of the New World had been given by able 'seel re .cl.odia Bri; : .ainca, vol.. p. joy. writers : and splendid portions of the American story had been adorned with all the beauties of eloquence. Jut prior to the appearance of Dr. Robertson's history, no author had bestowed the mature and profound investigation which such a subject required, or had finished, upon a regular plan, that complete narration and perfect whole which it is the province of the historian to transmit to posterity. The history of the New World * gives us the spectacle of savage life in a more perfect form than it is elsewhere to be found. In other records we see men in a low degree of civilization, and mark the progress and improvement of our species; here only we remount to the first footsteps of the human race; we trace the nations from the nursery and the cradle, and behold man in his original state, pew fi-om the hand of nature . Dr. Robertson gives therefore a striking proof of his jutdgment in bestowing so much learned research, and devoting so large a part of his book to illustrate the early state of the American nations. In the fourth book of his first volume , he displays so much patient investigation and sound p!lilosophy; abounds in such beautiful and interesting descripti.n; and exhibits such variety and copiousness qs elegant writing; that future times will probably refer to it as that part of his works which gives the best idea of his genius , and is the most finished of all his productions. In his inquiries into the bodily constitution of the Americans, the qualities of their minds; their domestic, civil, and political state and institutions; their arts, their religion, their manners, and their customs; lie, instead of imputing their character and condition to physical nature , with vigorous and strong sense, and sound philosophy , ascribes them to moral and political causes. The history is a very important addition to British stores of historical information, philosophical instruction,, and elegant literature. By his History of America lie not only supported, but increased his fame ., Engaged as Robertson was in laborious research and profound investigation, he still continued to be the leading clergyman in the General Assembly. The chief point of debate, among the representatives of tie Scottish church, was concerning the gift of livings. The moderate party approved of the disposition established by the law of patronage; their opponents were anxious