themselves on those great models; and (as one, who well understood what originality was, cxpreftes himself) they will perceive that, " a true genius is not any bold writer , who breaks through the rules of decency to distinguish hirfelf by the singularity of his opinions ; but one who, on a deserving sub jet, is able to open new cfenes, and discover a veinof true and noble thinking, which never entered into any imagination before; every stroke of whose pen is worth all the paper blotted by hundreds of others in the whole course of their lives "." The cultivation of LOGIC, at the same time, and the most useful and practical branches of the MATIEMATICS (which are excellent examples of severe reasoning and sagacious investigation) will also be of singular Swift's proposal for correeting, improving, and afcertairi ing the English tongue; in a letter to Lord Oxford. N 4 use use in preserving our youth from error, in every subsequent part of knowledge . It will teach them to arrange, and methodise, and connet their thoughts; to examine the arguments of others with a nice and critical penetration; to pursue them through a long concatenation of dependent propositions, and discover whether any link in the chain of proofs be wanting; to ditinguifh sense from sound, ideas from words , hasty and peremptory decisions from just and legitimate conclusions. It will put them upon their guard against bold and novel opinions , especially if addressed to the imagination by strokes of wit, or to the heart by affecting descriptions, rather than to the understanding by sound and conclusive reasoning . By keeping their judgement in constant exercise, it will improve and strengthen that excellent and useful, but too little regarded, faculty. It will inftrut them in the several degrees of certainty, and the various kinds of proof, of which different fubjeas are capable; the just grounds of doubt, assent, or disbelief; the true limits and extent of the human understanding; that precise point, in short , at I 2 which which our curiosity ought to flop, and beyond which, all is uncertainty, conjecture, and darkness. The first suitable employment of our minds, thus improved, is to turn their new acquired sagacity inward upon themselves, and, with the help of the best ethical writers , ancient and modern, to make a careful inspection into their own wonderful frame and constitution. This leads us into the province of MORAL PHILOSOPHY ; by the aid of which we shall perceive more diftinaly the nature and true value of the rational, the social, the selfish, principles of action within us, and what tenor of life they point out to us as best accommodated to our circumstances, and calculated to produce the most substantial happiness. By leading young people early into such inquiries as these, many things may be taught them of unspeakable use to themselves and others, and many admirable rules suggested to them for the regulation of their future conduct. After this survey of the moral, it is time to contemplate the wonders of the material world . The great volume of nature is therefore fore now thrown open to the student. He is led by the hand of science through all the useful and sublime discoveries 6f the NEWTONIAN PHILOSOPHY . He is mlade acquainted with the several properties of matter, in all its various forms and modifications, on this globe of earth; and furnifiled with principles for increasing and imiproving the conveniences of common life. He is then transported to dirfant planets and other worlds . I i investigates the laws that govern their revolutions, and the forces that retain them in their orbits. " He confiders E the fun when it shineth, and the moon walking in brightness *," and all the host of heaven standing in array before him: and sometimes extends his thoughts even beyond these, beyond the reach of sense, to new firmaments and new lights, rising up to his imagination, in endless fucceftion, through the regions of unbounded space. But so far is he from being " secretly enticed -- ," as some have formerly been, to convert his admiration of these glorious luminaries, into an impious adoration of them, that they serve Job XXXI 26. t Ib. XXXI 27. only, only, as they naturally should do, to carry him up to their great Author , even the ", Father of lights." He sees the DEITY plainly written in these splendid characters, he derives from them the justest and most magnificent conceptions of his nature and attributes, and thus lays a firm and solid foundation for the fuperilrucdure of NATURAL RELIGION, which forms the next great object of his attention. In the pursuit of this most important branch of knowledge , he will perceive how far the powers of nature and of reason are capable of going, in establishing those great fundamental truths of religion; the being of a God, a superintending Providence, a moral government of the universe , the essential and unalterable difference between right and wrong, virtue and vice, a future tfate of existence and of retribution, and the obligations which such a system of things imposes on every rational agent to conform his conduct to the will of his Creator; as far as it can be colected from the constitution of the world , orom the genuine sentiments of nature , the * James i. 17. faculties faculties of the human mind, and the attributes of the Deity himself. In these researches, he will find light enough to determine an honest and unprejudiced mind to the belief of all the abovementioned momentous doctrines , and obscurity enough to make him earnestly with for clearer evidence, and more authentic information, on subjects of such infinite importance. After these inquiries, the student's next advance is to METAPHYSICAL SPECULATIONS. These, it must be owned, have been but too often employed in undermining and subverting the clearest principles of morality and religion. But when carried only to a certain point, under the direction of a sound judgement and an honest mind, some knowledge