is enjoined by the authority of revelation itself. Can anything be of more consequence to man, than to know what is his duty, and how he may arrive at happiness? It is from the examination of his own heart, that he receives the first intimations of the one, and the only sure criterion of the o ther. whhat can be more useful, more delightful, and more sublime , than to contemplate the Deity? It is in the works of nature , particularly in the constitution of the human soul, that we discern the first and most conspicuous traces of the Almighty; for without fomne previous acquaintance with our own moral nature , we could not have any certain knowledge of His. - Destitute of the hope of immortality, and a future retribution, how : contemptible, how miserable is man And yet, did not our mo 1 ral 10 ral feelings, in concert with what reason discovers of the Deity, evidence the probability of a future state, and that' it is necessary to the full vindication of the divine government, we should be much less qualified, than we now are, to judge rationally of that revelation, by which life and immortality have been brought to light. How then is this science to be learned ? In what manner are we to study human nature ? Doubtless by examining our own hearts and feelings, and by attending to the conduc of other men. But are not the writings of philosophers useful towards the attainment of this science? Most certainly they are: for whatever improves the sagacity of judgement, the sensibility of moral perception, or the delicacy of taste whatever renders our knowledge of moral and intellecual facts more extensive; whatever impresses our minds with more enlarged and more powerful sentiments of duty, with more asseting. views of God and Providence, and with greater energy of belief in the doarines of natural religion; everything of this sort either makes us more thoroughly acquainted, or prepares us for becoming more thoroughly acquainted. with our own nature , and with that of other beings, and with the relations they and we bear to one another. But I fear we shall not be able to improve ourselves in any one of these respects, by reading the modern systems of scepticism. What account then are we to make of those systems and their authors ? The following essay is partly designed as an answer to this question. But it has a further view : which is, to examine the foundations of this scepticism, and see vwhether these be consistent with what all mankind . acknowledge to be the foundations of truth ; to inquire, whether the cultivation of scepticism be salutary or pernicious to ficience and mankind ; and whether it may not be possible to devise certain criteria, by which the absurdity of its concluflons may be deteted, even by those who may not B 2 have I f have leisure, or subtlety, or metaphysical knowledge , sufficient to qualify them for a logical confutation of all its premises. If it be confesed, that the present age has some tendency to licentious neis, both in principle and practice, and that the works of sceptical writers have some tendency to favour that licentiousness; it will al Ib be confessed, that this design is neither absurd nor unseasonable. A celebrated writer ' on human nature has observed, that " if truth be at all within the reach of human capacity, it is certain "it mufl lie very deep and abstruse : " and a little after he adds, " that he would efteein it a strong presumption against the phi lofbphy he is going to unfold, were it so very easy and obvious." I am so far from adopting this opinion , that I declare, in regard to the few things I have to say on human nature . that I should esteem it a very strong presumption against them, if they were not easy and obvious. Physical and mathematical truths are often abstruse; but fades and experiments relating to the human mind, when expressed in proper words , ought to be obvious to all. I find that those poets, historians, and novelists, who have given the most lively displays of human nature , and who abound most in sentiments easily comprehended, and readily admitted as true, are the most entertaining, as well as the most useful. How then should the philosophy of the human mind be so difficult? Indeed, if it be an author's determinate purpose to advance paradoxes, some of which are incredible, and others beyond comprehension ; if he be willing to avail himself all he can of the natural ambiguity of language in supporting those paradoxes; or if he enter upon inquiries too refined for human understanding; he must often be obscure, and often unintelligible. But my views are very different. I intend only to suggest some hints for guarding the mind against error; and these, I hope, will be found to be deduced from principles which every man of common capacity ray .examine by his daily experience. Treatise of Human Nature , vol. I. p. 3. 4. It 12 It is true, that several subjects of intricate speculation are treated of in this book . But I have endeavoured, by constant appeals to sac and experience, by illustrations and cxamples the most familiar I could think of, and by a plainness and perspicuity of expression which sometimes may appear too much affected, to treat of them in a way, that I hope cannot fail to render them intelligible , even to those who are not much conversant in studies of this kind. Truth , like virtue, to be loved, needs only to be seen. My principles require no disguise; on the contrary, they will, if I mistake not, be most easily admitted by those who best under stand them. And I am persuaded, that the sceptical system would never have made such an alarming progress, if it had been well understood. The ambiguity of its language, and the intricacy and length of some of