respecting rude nations has been the objet of. greater curiosity than their religious tenets and rites; and none, perhaps, has been so imperfectly understood, or represented with so little fidelity. Priests and mijionaries are the persons who have had the best opportunities of carrying on this inquiry, among the most uncivilised of the American tribes. Their minds, engrossed by the doari. nes of their own religion, and habituated to its inititutions, are apt to discover something which resembles those objets of their veneration, in the opinions and rites of every people. Whatever they contemplate, they view through one medium, and draw and accommodate it to their own system . They study to reconcile the institutions, which fall under their observation, to their own creed, not to explain them according to the rude notions of the people themselves. They ascribe to them ideas which they are incapable of forming, and suppose them to be acquainted with principles and facts , which it is impossible that they should know. Hence fonme missionaries have been induced to believe that even among the most barbarous nations i. f) Voyages de Ulloa, i. 333. Lettr. Edif. c. 15. 348. America, they had discovered traces, no left diftinf than amazing, of their acquaintance with the sublime mysteries and peculiar institutions of Christianity. From their own interpretation of certain expressions and ceremonies, they concluded that these people had fqme knowledge of the doarine of the Trinity, of the incarnation of the Son of God, of his expiatory sacrifice, of the virtue of the cross, and of the efficacy of the sacraments. g) In such unintelligent and credulous guides as these, we can place little confidence. But, even when we make our choice of conductors, with the greatest care, we mut not follow them with implicit faith. An inquiry into the religious notions of rude nations is involved in peculiar intricacies, and we must often pause in order to separate the fats which our informers relate, from the reasonings with which they are accompanied, or the theories which they build upon them. Several pious writers more attehtive to the importance of the subject than to the condition of the people whote ientiments they were endeavouring to discover , have bestowed much unprofitable labour in researches of this nature . h) g) Venegas, i. 38. 92. Torquemada II 4, garcia C ri gen. i .-. Herrera, dec. 4. lib. IX C :. dec. 5. lib IV h).. NOTE lvll. h) s e NOT1 LVIII. Confined to two articles. There are two fundamental dotrines, upon which the whole system of religion, ar far as it can be discovered by the light of nature , is established . The one refpeas the being of a "God, the other the immortality 'of the soul. To discover the ideas of the uncultivated nations under our review with regard to those important points, is not only an objea of ct riofity, but may afford infirution. To these two articles I shall confine my researches, leaving subordinate opinions , and the detail of local superstitions, to more minute inquirers. The being of God. Whoever has had any opportunity of examining into the religious opinions of persons in the inferior ranks of life, even in the most enlightened and civilised nations, will find that their system of belief is derived from instruction, not discovered by inquiry.. That numerous part of the human species, whose lot is labour, whose principal and almost sole occupation is to secure subsistence, views the arrangement and operations of nature with little reflection, and has neither leisure nor capacity, for entering into the path of refined and intricate speculation which conducts to the knowledge of the principles of natural religion. In the early and most rude periods of savage life, such difqui ltions are altogether unkhfown. When, the intelletual.powers are just beginning to .unfold, and: their .first feeble exertions are di reted towards a few objeas of primary necessity and use; .when the faculties of the mind are to limited, as not to have formed abftrat or general ideas ; when language is o .barren, as to be destitute of .names to ditinguifh anything that is not perceived by some of the senses; it is preposterous to expect that man should be capable of tracing, with accuracy the relation between cause and effea; or to suppose that he should rise from the contemplation of. the one to the knowledge of the other, and form just conceptions of a Deity, as the Creator and Governor of the universe . The idea of creation is so familiar wherever the mind is enlarged by science,. and illuminated with revelation, that we seldom reflea, how profound and abstruse this idea is,. or confider what progress man must have made in observation and research, before he could arrive at any knowledge of this elementary principle in religion. Accordingly, several tribes have been discovered in America, which have no idea whatever of a Supreme Being, and no rites of religious worship. Inattentive to that magnificent fpetacle of beauty and order presented to their view , unaccustomed to reflect either upon what they themselves are, or to inquire who is the author of their existence, men, in their savage state, pals their diys like the animals round them, without knowledge or veneration of any superior power. They have not in their law . guages any name for the Deity, nor have the most accurate observers been able to discover any practice or institution which seemed to imply that they recognised his authority , or. were solicitous to obtain his favour. i) It is only among men in the most uncultivated state of nature , and while their intellectual facul ties.are to feeble and limited as hardly to elevate them above the irrational creation, that we discover this total insensibility to the impressions of any invisible power. But the human mind, formed for religion, soon opens to the reception of ideas , which are destined, when corrected and refined , to be the great source of consolation amidst the calamities of life. Among rome of