1 he edia. is still ex of,. tant, which declares Ramus insolent, impudent, and a liar. His. books . are ann, 543. thereby for ever condemned, suppressed, abolished: and what is a strain of. unexampled severity, the miserable author is solemnly interdited from transcribing, even from reading his own compositions! We might from hence be led to imagine, that when the authority of an ancient philosopher was held so sacred, philosophy itself must have been thoroughly understood,, and cultivated with uncommon iuccefs, but the attachment of those do torss tors was to a name, not to truth , or valuable science, and our author very justly acor'sapo. compares them to the olympic wrestlers, who abstained from necessary labours, that ittgms. they might be fit for such as were not so. Under their management, it was a phi Jofophy of words and notions , that seemed to exclude the study of nature ; that, initead of inquiring into the properties of bodies, into the laws of motion by which all effects are produced, was converlant only in logical definitions, distinctions, and abatra&ions, utterly barren and unproducive of any advantage to mankind . The great aim of those solemn triflers was rather to perplex a dispute, than to clear up any point of useful disquisition; to triumph over an enemy, than to enlarge the Jknowledge, or better the morals of their followers. So that this captious philosophy was a real obitacle to all advances in sound learning , human and divine. Aster it had been adopted into the christian theology, far from being of use to explain and ascertain myfferies, it served to darken and render doubtful the most necessary truths ; by the chicanery of argumentation with which it supplied each fein defence of their peculiar and favourite illusions. To so extravagant a height did they carry their idolatry of Ariltotle, that some of them discovered , or imagined they discovered in his writings, the dotrine of the Trinity; that others published formal dissertations to prove the certainty of his salvation, though a heathen : and that a patriarch of Venice is said to have called up the devil expressly, in or Sayte, art. der to learn from him the meaning of a hard word in Ariffotle's Physics. But the bazaro. crafty demon, who perhaps did not underfiand it himself, answered in a voice to low and inarticulate, that the good prelate knew not a word he said. This was the famous Hermolaus Barbaro: and the Greek word , that occasioned [Iis taking so extraordinary a flep, is the Enrelechia of the Peripatetics; from whence the schoolmen raised their substantial forms, and which Leibnitz, towards the end of the last century, attempted to revive in his theory of motion. The reformation itself, that diffused a new light over Europe, that set men upon inquiring into errors and prepoffeflions of every kind, served only to confirm the dominion of this philosophy : protestants as well as papists entrenching themselves behind the authority of Aristotle, and defending their several tenets by the weapons with which he furniihed them. This unnatural alliance of theology with the peripatetic doc&rines rendered his opinions not only venerable but sacred : they were reckoned as the landmarks of both faith and reason , which to pull up or remove would be daring and impious. Innovations in philosophy , it was imagined, would gradually sap the very foundations of religion, and in the end lead to downright atheism. If that veil of awful obscurity, which then covered the face of nature , thould be once drawn; the rash curiosity of mankind would lead them to account for all appearances in the visible world , by second causes, by the powers of matter and mechanism : and thus they might come insensibly to forget or neglet the great original cause of all. This kind of reasoning convinced the multitude , over awed the wiser few , and effeaually put a stop to the progress of useful knowledge . Such, in general , were the dispositions of mankind when Sir Francis Bacon came into the world ; whom we will not confider as the founder of a new fe, but as the great assertor of human liberty; as one who rescued reason and truth from the slavery in which all sets alike had, till then, held them. As a plausible hypothesis, a Ihining theory, are more amusing to the imagination, and a shorter way to fame , than the patient and humble method of experimenting, of pursuing nature through all all her labyrinths by fa and observation; a philosophy built on this principle , could not, at first, make any sudden or general revolution in the learned world . But its progress, like that of time, quiet, slow, and sure, has in the end been mighty and, universal . He was not however the first among the moderns who ventured to dif sent from Aristotle. Ramus, Patricius, Bruno, Severinus, to name no more, had already attacked the authority of that tyrant in learning , who had long reigned as absolutely over the opinions of men, as his restless pupil had of old affeaed to do over their persons. But these writers invented little that was valuable themselves,, however jufily they might reprehend many things in him. And as to the real improvements made in some parts of natural knowledge before our author appeared, by Gilbert, Harvey, Copernicus, father Paul, and some few others, they are well known, and have been deservedly celebrated Yet there was still wanting one great and comprehensive plan, that might embrace the almost infinite varieties of science,. and guide our inquiries aright in all. This Sir Francis Bacon first conceived, in its utmost extent; to his own lasting honour, and to the general utility of mankind .. If we Rtand surprised at the happy imagination of such a system , our surprise redoubles upon us when we refiec, that he invented and methodized this system ; perfeaed so much, and sketched out so much more of it, amidst the drudgery of business and the civil tumults of a court. Nature seems to have