important discussion. I now finally commit this work to the candour and curiosity of the Public. I have laboured with infinite solicitude, that it may be at last presented to their attention with all the advantages, which care and diligence could confer. I expect and I desire a free and full trial of my pretensions, at once just and severe. I look forward with anxious but with humble confidence to the decision of my fate; and I consider, that the rewards of Learning are to be sought in the triumphs of Truth . WALTER WHITER. CAMBRIDGE, June 5th, 1800. INTRODUCTION. T HE writer , who assumes the province of unfolding a new train of Sideas, will find various and important difficulties to encounter in the prosecution of his design. It has been perpetually observed, that our minds receive with suspicion and reluctance any new modes of investigating a subject , with which we were before familiar, and of which, as we might imagine, the genuine principles had been already discovered , discussed and established . Even the simplicity of a doctrine may serve to increase the difficulties of the task; as we are unwilling to be persuaded, that an idea so obvious and natural could have eluded the ordinary exertions of our own sagacity. The writer will likewise feel considerable embarrassment in adjusting the due form, which is most adapted to impress the reader with the force of his Theory. To diffuse what is plain and simple would be to labour in the cause of obscurity; yet the novelty of the subject may perhaps demand a more detailed and ample discussion, though the principle itself should be obvious and perspicuous. As the author will probably explain with more effect, when he unfolds the genuine feelings of his own mind, I shall endeavour to lead the understanding of the reader through the same train of ideas , which originally conducted me to the adoption of my Theory. The offensive Pronoun, which accompanies the narrative, may perhaps be pardoned, when the purpose, for which it is. employed, shall be candidly considered... The detail will be simple without disguise and without ornament. a I had 13 -- -- -- -- I - -- - -· -- -- - I had ever lamented, as others likewise have perpetually done, the imperfeetion of that art, which professes to unfold the origin of words ; and I had long been convinced, that nothing could be effectually performed in the advancement of this subject , till a new arrangement was adopted totally dissimilar to the former. In devising this new arrangement, I instantly perceived that the artifice to be employed (whatever it might be) would not consist in discovering a new principle , which in a subject like this has no meaning; but in applying to new purposes and in a new manner, a principle derived from a known ascertained and acknowledged fact , which was visible on every occasion. Nay, it was on this very circumstance alone of applying a fact so well known and acknowledged, that my hopes of succeeding in a new system were founded. The reasoning on this occasion was short and conclusive. From a fact thus palpable familiar and universally operating, I inferred the uniformity of a principle ; and I had learned from the Academic studies of my boyish days, (which are still deeply impressed upon my mind) that to Uniformity belonged Laws ; and that Laws supplied a Theory and a System . I cannot be supposed to mean, that the Laws , which I might conceive to operate on this occasion, would be similar to those, which are subject to the investigation of Mathematical Symbols; but it is easy to understand, that Laws of some kind or other would necessarily exist, which might afford a train of reasoning equally strong and convincing, as that, which is employed in the deductions of Mathematics. Among the Etymologists, no idea of submitting a race of words to a general law had ever been adoptedl One word was supposed to be derived from another single word ; nor was there any attempt to discover an abstract or universal principle , to which these various separate instances might be referred, and by which they might all be connected with each other. The present state of Etymology I compared with the imperfect art of Arithmetic, which is conversant only with particular cases; mandi imagined, that the new mode of generalising the doctrine of Language, (if any such' could could be adopted) might be compared with the science of Algebra. When I reflected on the recent discovery of this simple artifice, by which 'such wonders are performed, I received fresh confidence, that the art of Etymology might be advanced by the application of a principle equally known plain and familiar; and I was taught to consider the discovery or adoption of a new system , which in these days might be attached to the art of Etymology, equally probable and natural , as the invention of Algebra, which within these few years has been added to the art of Arithmetic. Without inquiring into the Algebraic artifices adopted by the ancients, or the cultivation of this science among the Arabs, and the discoveries of Tartalea, Vieta, Des Carts, c. we know that Newton invented or advanced the Binomial Theorem ; and we may well imagine the state of this science before tile adoption of so important and extensive an operation. The doctrine of Fluxions is founded on another artifice attached to the Algebraical notation; and thus almost within the limits of the present age have arisen two Sciences, which have brought under our grasp the remotest objects in the system of the Universe . But the simplicity of the first principles , on which Algebra is founded, afforded likewise the hope and the prospect, that the adoption of principles equally simple , applied to another subject , might produce consequences equally wonderful and extensive. The datum, on which Algebra has been established , is simply this, that Equals added to subtracted from divided or multiplied by equals, are still equal to