measures of an arbitrary administration. The I" and really affected Holland; it was evidently friends of the motion argued, that the national mi" " at the former, and took in others only litia would be at all times sufficient to defend the " by accident." kingdom from foreign invasions: and as we were At this period the attention of the king of not engaged in a war with any continental power, Portugal was greatly engrossed by the suppression a small force only was required for the proteetion of religious houses: but his mot faithful majesty of our territories abroad. In reply, it was ob likewise turned his attention to an affair that does £erved by the ministry, that all the other Euro honour to his humanity , as it will prevent the pean powers maintained ianding armies, and perpetuity of slavery in Portugal. A modern therefore it was necessary, that the military force writer has told this flory in few, but comprehen of Great britain (hold be kept upon a refpeaable five, words. " It appears to have been a received footing; for, if we were not prepared to repel " opinion, that under the civil law, no woman a foe, we flould be constantly exposed to the at' ' was herself a slave could be the mother of tacks of foreign powers, which might prove fatal " free children; in consequence of which, stato the nation , particularly in cafe of a sudden war., C very was not only entailed on the black dein the course of this year, a cause was tried in C icendants of the original negroes who came the court of King's Bench, Mr. Townsend be"' "' Africa ; but also on that mixed progeny inlg plaintiff, againf the colleaor of the land-tax 1 which was the fruit of their illicit commerce for Middlesex, who had disirained in consequence CC with the Portuguese themselves; so that in of the plaintiff having refused to pay the afief "' process of time, the black colour was frequently ment of the land-tax. The council for the plaint worn out, and masters were potefied of female tiff gave a detail of the several expulsions of Mr. CL slaves , under the appellation of negresses, who Wilkes, and of his being declared incapable of ", were much whiter than themselves, or any sitting in the house of commons, contending, that C part of their acknowledged families. To re as the county was not legally represented, Mr. " medy this cruel cufiom or law, the king issued Townsend was justifiable in refusing to pay the " an edit, by which all those who could prove tax. However, the jury found for the defendant. that any of their mothers, for three generations, The war between the Russians and " were free, were to be immediately diiharged A. D. 1773 the Turks was this year continued with " from their slavery , and those who are not in various success; but we decline to recite the par" " eligible circumfances, to continue during ticulars, not only as they would exceed the limits " life in their present state; but all the children of our plan, but as they are littleinterefling to an "that are henceforth born to be in m diately Englih reader. " counted free. It was also ordained, (which The age and pacific disposition of the French " seems more surprising) that thef people, and king, combined to preserve the public tranquillity " their descendants, (hail be capable of enjoy in Europe; though from some extraordinary na ing honours, dignities, and employments." val preparations made in the ports of France and This year the pope issued a bull for the final Spain, both in the ocean and the Mediterranean, fuppreliton of the order of Jesuits. The infiru it was expeted that a change in those sentiments ment for the suppression of this society, after a might have taken place, owing partly to the con recapitulation of a vas number of reasons for their dua of the Russians in the Mediterranean, co dissolution, forbids, under sentence of excom operating with the affairs of Poland, and partly munication, the members of the society to ir to the close connexion between France and Swe pugn, combat, or write or converse concerning den. the suppression, without the express permission of The jealousy of the British court, arising from the pontiff. In consequence of this bull, ten its alliance with Raffia, was excited by these pre bishops, attended by a detachment of soldiers, parations: and our ministry, anxious to preserve went to all the colleges and house belonging to the general tranquillity, remonfrated withe the Jesuits in Rome. All their effects, including courts of Paris and Madrid, and declared, that even their provisions, being taken possession of, if their present naval preparations did not cease, the Jesuits delivered up their keys, the locks it would be necessary to send a fleet of obfervati of their archives being sealed, and were allowed on into the Mediterranean, to fruitrate any at eight days to find new places of residence, and tempts that might be made upon the Russians; quit the habit of the order. At the same time and the consequence of these representations was, they made a formal resignation of their schools, that a war was prevented, which might otherwise and all the funcions of their miniffry. Sentence have involved all Europe in its corifequences. of excommunication was denounced against all The count de Artois, third grandson to the who should harbour or conceal any of the effctls French king, was married to the princess Theresa, belonging to the Jesuits. second daughter to the king of Sardinia, a cir Father Ricci, the general of the order, was ap cumriance that, it was supposed, might yield ad pointed to a bishopric, and such of the Jesuits as ditiongl tranquillity to Italy. had been already admitted into holy orders, were The Spanifl monarch appeared to have a dif permitted either to become secular clerg