capital of the island, and the most considerable bay is that called Port Royal, which in some places is five miles in width. Mar tiniqe .derives a considerable advantage by its central fituation among the Caribbee Islands, " by C it natural strength, the number of its inhabitants, and from its being the fiaple of trade , "s whence all the sugars of Guadaloupe, and the - other French islands, are exported to the markets ( of Europe. The chief fortification on the island of Martinique, was the citadel of Port Royal, a regular fort , garrifbned by four corn. ( panies, which did not exceed one hundred and " fifty men, thirty six bombardiers, eight Swiss " and fourteen officers. One hundred barrels " constituted the whole store of provisions, and C they were delitute of all other necessaries. They " were almost wholly unprovided with water in " the cisterns, with spare carriage for their can" " c. They had but a small frock of an "munition, and the walls were in many parts decayed. The only preparations they had made for receiving the Englif were tome paltry in. " trenchments thrown up at Pierre, and a place CC called cas des navires, where they thought the " forces would attempt to make their descent." On the morning of the sixteenth of January, the first attack was made at Fort Negro , a battery three miles from the citadel, defended by seven embrazures. The ships Lion, Rippon, and Bristol, had been ordered on this service; but the former having driven out to sea, the two latter undertook the engagement. The battery was soon silenced, and the marines from both lhips having effeced a landing by means of flat-bottomed boats, climbed up the rock, and entered the place, which they found totally abandoned by the enemy, and apparently in the mofi hasty manner, several hats and swords being found, evidently the late property of those who had retired in confusion. The English colours were now hoisted, and sentinels posed on the parapet. Almost immediately after the performance of this service, the Winchester, Woolwich, and Roebuck, silenced a battery two miles to the northward of Fort Negro , where it was proposed to land the troops. This battery being silenced, and the magazine blown up, all the ships kept a con slant fire on shore, to favour the landing of the troops from the flat-bottomed boats. "At this time the troops detached from the " citadel to oppose the landing of the English " forces, which they expeced would be attempt" " in this bay, deceived by the appearance of " the marine sentinels upon the parapet at Fort C Negro , whom they took for part of the army already disembarked; and fearing they should " be put between two fires, retired immediately " back to Port Royal, leaving the beach without CC defence, and by there means affording an op" " for the different brigades to land without opposition." About noon on the following day, the troops were observed to ascend the hill which overlooked the town and citadel, and very flattering expectations now arose, that the metropolis of the island would soon be subdued; but in two hours afterwards, general Hopfon sent on board the Cambridge, to inform the commodore, that he could not possibly maintain his ground, unless some heavy cannon could be landed from the squadron, at the Savanna, near the town of Port Royal, " or I" that the commodore would attack the citadel "on the bay, at the same time he did it on the " shore. This being found impracticable, it was " proposed to land the cannon at Fort Negro ,, "which the seamen were to draw to any place the "general should judge most convenient: and the (" squadron came to anchor accordingly." A A 53s At At four in the afternoon general Hopfon retired with the troops, and the ships boats were put off to convey them on board. During their march they let fire to the plantations of canes, and were reembarked at Fort Negro . The majority of the council of war had given their opinion, that it would not be prudent to attack the citadel of Port Royal; but they now thought that an attempt on St. Pierre might conduce to the public service; whereupon the fleet proceeded to that part of the island, and on the nineteenth of January entered the bay. The commodore appeared to be confident, that the town of St Pierre might be easily reduced, but that " the ships might be disabled in the attack,, so as not to be in a condition to proceed imme " diately on any other material service; and as,, taking the island of Guadaloupe would be of C great benefit to the sugar colonies, he proposed " that the armament should proceed to that island, " and the general agreed to the proposal. Ac" " they left the island of Martinique, " and fleered for Guadaloupe, which lies distant sc from it about thirty leagues to the westward." The length of the island of Guadaloupe is about forty six miles, and its breadth thirty six. There is an inlet of water which almost divides it into two parts, which is passed by the inhabitants in a ferryboat. C The country on the west fide is C called base terre, and here the metropolis t" iands, defended by the citadel, and other fortifications. The eastern part, called Grand" " is detfitute of fresh water, which abounds " in the other division, and is defended by Fort " Louis, with a redoubt which commands the C road in the district of Gofier." This island abounds with high mountains and precipices, to which the inhabitants had been accustomed, in times of danger, to convey their most valuable effets. There are many fine plains, watered by rivers and brooks; and the country produces great quantities of sugar , cotton, indigo, tobacco, and cassia, and likewise is producive