the same principle the whole substance of the convention might be objeced to with equal jufice. The honourable member utterly disapproved of all expressions, tending to give countenance to so de ftrutive a measure, and wished the address to be confined to thanking his majesty for his gracious speech, and assuring him, that the house would grant him such supplies as should be necessary for the honour and security of his majesty's person, and the general welfare of his subjects. After a vehement opposition, the motion for an address in the usual form, was carried by a considerable majority. The convention with Spain being submitted to the inspection of the commons, the whole house was resolved into a committee for the purpose of taking this important subject under consideration; and the treaty was attacked and defended with great powers of oratory on both fides. The city of London, the merchants trading to America, and almost every town and corporation in the kingdom, petitioned parliament to oppose the convention. In the course of this session, a most excellent law was framed for the encouragement of the woollen manufacure. Two bills were passed in favour of the sugar colonies; one of which gave them permission, under proper restrictions, to export their produce directly to foreign parts, for a limited time; and the other enacted more effectual provisions for securing the duties upon the importation of foreign sugars , rum, and moloffes, into Great britain, and his majesty's American plantations . Notwithstanding the great advantages which these bills were calculated to produce to the sugar islands, the merchants of London, Liverpool, Bristol, and many other places, presented petitions against them; but the parliament deemed their objections frivolous, and treated them with contempt. An ad was passed 'for granting five thousand pounds to Joanna Stevens, as a reward for her discovering, for the benefit of the public, a nostrum for the cure of persons afflited with the flonle The powers of the commissioners appointed to superintend the building of weftminfter bridge, were greatly extended by a new at; and a lot. tery was eflabliihed to raise money towards defray. ing the expenses of that great undertaking. On the fourteenth of June his majelty put an end to the session, in a concise speech, exhorting the members of both houses to unite their utmost efforts to preserve the Protestant religion under the present eftabliihment, and to secure inviolate the rights, privileges, laws and liberties of their country . So exasperated were the English against the Spaniards, on account of their repeated insults and cruel depredations, that a war appeared to be wholly inevitable. Letters of mark and repri. zal were granted against the subjects of Spain; a promotion was made of general officers; the ar. my was augmented; an embargo was laid upon all outward bound vefiels; and the fleet under the command of admiral Haddock, who had been some time cruizing in the Mediterranean, was con. fiderably reinforced. Infirutions were transmitted to Mr. Keen, the British minister at the court of Spain, to declare, that the king his mailer insisted on a formal renunciation, on the part of Spain, of all claims of searching British Ships , as the basis of a future treaty; and that the honour and dignity of the British crown would not permit any farther negotiation, unless the above demand was complied with; that he expected an immediate execution of all the conditions stipulated, on the part of Spain, by the late convention; that in the future treaty an express acknowledgment should be inserted of the Britilh rights to Carolina and Georgia; and in conclusion, that the failure of the court of Spain, with respect to the terms of the convention, had occasioned a change in the late of affairs between the two crowns; an event that necessarily induced his Britannic majesty to be more peremptory in his requisitions. In reply, the king of Spain said, he considered the orders granting letters of mark and repri zal, as ads of hostilities; and hoped, that with the assistance of his allies, he should be able to defend himself against his adversaries. In order to jurfify his conduct, his Catholic majesty published a manifesto, wherein he complained, that the Spanith vessels captured by the English had been rated at exorbitant prices; that admiral Haddock had been commanded to cruise between the capes of St. Vincent and St. Mary, in order to surprise the Affogue ships ; that letters of re prizal, conceived in terms highly injurious to the dignity of the crown of Spain, had been published at London; and that under authority of these letters, hostilities had been committed against Spain in different quarters of the globe. With respect to the nonpayment of the ninety five thousand pounds stipulated in the convention, he endeavoured to excuse himself by the orders sent to admiral Haddock; the Britifl court first infringed the articles of that treaty, as well by continuing to fortify Carolina and Georgia, as by denying the o, .p E N G L A N D. the power of the king of Spain to suspend the as fiento for negroes ; a power that had been expressly asserted in de la Quedra's protest, on the validity of which depended the validity of the convention, by evading the payment of sixty eight thousand pounds due to Spain from the South Sea company ; by the court of England having negleaed to furnish their plenipotentiaries with necessary inftruaions within the limited time, and finally by the plenipotentiaries of England having peremptorily demanded a free navigation in the American seas. The condut of the French and the States General was, in the mean time, exceedingly equivocal. Notwithstanding their friendly professions to England, there was great reason to suspect, that the former meant to declare in favour of Spain; and it was supposed, that the latter were desirous of preserving an exact neutrality. Mr. Horace Walpole had been sent to the Hague, in order to prevail upon the States to espouse the