people, would becohme a mediator between his European and American subjects. Almost immediately after the fiffiery bill hid gone through its necessary forms, the minister brought in another, " to restrain the trade and " commerce of the colonies of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Caro" " to Great britain, Ireland, and the British " islands in the West indies , under certain conc ditions and limitations: "' and so callous was the minister now grown, that he made no other apology for this farther firetch of authority, than observing, that as the southern provinces had acceded to the non importation and non exporta tion agreements, it was proper that they should feel our resentment, and experience the same degree of punishment as the northern. This bill, though it did not produce a regular debate, gave rise to a remark, that " only a few days before " they had been mocked by conciliatory propositions, and nothing was to be heard but concession and moderation; temptations were to " be held out to the better difpofed colonies, to " induce them to break the confederacy, to fe C parate the wheat from the chaff, the elect from " the reprobate; that now we are told, that the c only way to restore peace and harmony, to re" " the Americans cordially to our govern C ment and to save our commerce from that " deftruifon which seems almost inevitable, "is to lump them all indiscriminately, with" " distinction of friend or foe, in one corn" " punishment; and to drive the whole C continent of America into despair, as a necessary preparative to their being restored to good " temper +-." On the twenty fecond of March, Mr. Burke made his conciliatory propositions respecting the colonies, which were contained in his speech, which was published, and universally read; it will be therefore unnecessary to say more refpeat ing these propositions, than that Mr. Burke made it appear, that the whole exports to North America, the West indies , and Africa , in the year i704, amounted in value only to five hundred and fixty nine thousand nine hundred and fifty pounds. That in the year 1772, which was taken upon a medium, as being neither the high. eft nor the lowest of those which might have been applied to of late, the exports to the same place, (including those from Scotland, which in the year i704, had no existence) amounted to six millions twenty-four thousand one hundred and feventy one pounds, being in the proportion of nearly eleven to one. He also showed, that the whole export trade of England, including that to the colonies, amounted in 1704, only to six millions five hun. dred and nine thousand pounds. Thus the trade to the colonies alone, at the latter period, was within less than half a million of being equal to what this nation carried on at the beginning of the present measures. In the course of his evidence, it ap. peared, that the exports of late years to Great britain, ran to about one hundred and ninety thousand hogsheads and puncheons of sugar and rum annually, amounting in weight to near ninety five thousand tonnes, and in value to about four millions, exclusive of a great number of smaller articles, and of their very great export to North America: that their growth was so rapid, and improvement so great, that, within a very few years, their export of sugar to this kingdom, was increased forty thousand hogdeads annually, amounting to about eight hundred thousand pounds in value. 7 y the the present century with the whole world: and stating the whole export commerce of this country at present , at sixteen millions; that to the co ionies, which in the first period constituted but 6i e twelfth of the whole, was now very considerably more than one third. Amazing as this general increase of the colo ties may appear; the growth of the province of Pennsylvania was fill more extraordinary. In 1704, the whole exports to that colony amounted only to eleven thousand four hundred and fifty nine pounds; and in i772, they were risen to five hundred and seven thousand nine hundred and nine pounds, being near fifty times the original demand, and almost equal to the whole colony export at the first periods After controverting the different schemes which had been either proposed or talked of for the government of America, particularly that most absurd of all ideas, of governing by force, Mr. Burke proposed to " go back to our own policy; "' and to record it in the journals, as a fettled ' ground of future parliamentary proceedings, in ' order to guard against the mischiefs of our late, inconstancy. He made the .doarine, language, " and mode of reasoning , contained in the pre" " to former aas of parliament , the models whereby to frame his resolutions; and ( meant by them to establish the equity of a tax" " of America, by grant and not by impofi " tion; to.mark the legal competency of the colony * assemblies for the support of their government " in peace, and for public aids in time of war; "to acknowledge that this legal competency has had a dutiful and beneficial exercfe; and that " experience has shown the benefit of their grants, ts and the futility of parliamentary taxation as a C method offupply." This was the fubifance of the six first resolutions; to which Mr. Burke added some others, relative to the settlement of an independent judicature, for regulating the court of admiralty, and for the repeal of the late coercive aas of parliament . The first resolution, on which the debate began, was, " That the colonies and plantations k' of Great britain in North America, consisting " of fourteen separate governments, and contain" " two millions and upwards of free inhabi ( tants, have not had the liberty and privilege ol eleaing and sending any knights and