other vessels, a regular engagement ensued, which was maintained with great vigour on both fides, till two of the buses, and one dogger, ran aground and immediately bulged. In consequence of this accident, the troops took to their boats; and notwithstanding the great difficulties they had to encounter, reached the flore, where they formed in a body , and were presently after joined by their comrades from the other veifels. The force of the English amounted to three hundred and ninety marines, exclusive of the detachment of artillery; and as they expected to be attacked by the natives, who lined the shore at some distance, they threw up an entrenchment; and as great part of their flores lay under water, in the bulged vessels, they began to difcmbark immediately. But little progress had been made in their operations, " when two French deputies arrived at " the entrenchment, with proposals for a capitu CC lation from the governor of the fort ; and after CC a small time spent in deliberations, it was agreed, CC that all white people belonging to the French C company of 'Senegal, should be safely condu& " ed to France in an English vessel, without being deprived of their private effeas : that all " the merchandise and uncoined treasure should " be delivered up to the vitors: that all the " sorts, storehouses, vessels, arms, provisions, C and every article belonging to the company on " that river, should be put into the hands of the " English, immediately after the capitulation " should be signed: that the free natives living " at fort Louis, should remain in quiet possess"' "' of their effecs, and in the free exercise of " their religion; and that all negroes , mulattoes, " and others, who could prove themselves free, "e should be at their option, either to retire to any " distant part of the country , or to remain at " that place." On the acceptance of these terms, the captains Walker and Campbell, went up the river with a flag of truce, to witness the signing and execution of the articles; but it was three in the morning before they came near the fort , owing to the excessive 5t7 2-8s ceffive raiidity of the fream. At break of day they hoisted a flag, and rowed up towards a battery on a point of the island, where they laid on their oars near an hour, beating the chamade, but their approach was not in the Icaft regarded by the enemy. As there appeared to be something very extraordinary in this behaviour, the captains resolved to return to their entrenchment, where they learned, that " the negroes on the island were inl " arms, and had blocked up the French in Fort " Louis, resolving to defend the place to the last " extremity, unless they were included in the capitulation. This intelligence was also commu "s nicated to the governor, who at the same time " informed the English commander, that unless " the .French direcor general should be permit". ". to remain with the natives, as a security for " that article of the capitulation in which they " were included, rather than'they would sub" " they would susser themselves to be cut to <" pieces." The Englih: made not the least hesitation to comply with this requef, and immediately began to march towards Fort Louis; a number of long boats, in which the artillery and ltores had been embarked, attending them near the fhorc. On their approach, being noticed by the French, they struck their flag, and possession was taken of the castle, in which were found ninety-two pieces of cannon, with many mercantile effects, and treasure. to a considerable amount. The inhabitants of Senegal made a ready submission, and swore allegiance to the king of Great Britain : " the neighbouring princes, attended by " numerous retinues, visited the commander, and " concluded treaties with the English; and the king of Legibelli sent an ambassador from his " camp to major Mason, with assurances of his " friendflip, compliments of congratulation, and " presents '." At this period about three thousand free negroes and mulattoes were fettled in Senegal, many of whom were persons of considerable property; and thus a conquest of no fiall importance to the interest of Great britain, was obtained without the loss of a single man; a circumstance which is, perhaps, unexampled in history. The English having taken poffefion of Fort Louis, and secured the prisoners, stationed a number of armed boats to secure the passage of the. bar. " The large (hips proceeded to make " an attempt upon the island of Goree, thirty leagues diitant from Senegal, where the French company had considerable magazines; and lodged the negro slaves till they could be shipped for the West indies ." Very little success attended this expedition, owing to the want of a proper force for effecing the purposes designed; still, however, the English were far from being discouraged, being convinced, that Senegal would not be secure in their possession, while Goree remained unconquered. This opinion prevailing, a squadron was fitted out in England, the command of which was given to commodore Keppel. It consisted of the Torbay, Fougueux, Nassau, Prince Edward, and Dunkirk, with frigates, bomb ketches, c. The OF ENGLAND. troops on board were seven hundred regulars and the fleet tailed from Cork on the.eleventh of No, vember, and arrived at Goree on the twentyy eighth of the same month, after a very tempeituous oaf, sage. - At four o'clock the next morning, " all the t flat-bottomed boats were te nt on board the " transports, for disembarking the land troops; C accordingly, all of them, to the number of six " hundred nmn, were in their rcfpeacive boats ( before nine in the morning,. and the tpilps of " war finised all their preparations in the mean '" time." The attack of the island on the western fide be