for the cruel treatment of their horses. The miserable glled and starved animals who sometimes drew me, excited sensations so uneasy as deprived me of all pleasure in my journey; and I fincied that in England I had never remlarked instances of such bvrbaritr: vet vwhen my travelling companion bade me rcc'ecst the bullock hunting annd the v'rious cruelties exercised by drovers in the Areets of london the unfeeling br1utaliies of tle carmen and hackney coach: len, I was compelled to ac kncowledge that these marks of ferocity were not peculiar to the french; and that they only firuck mne the more forcibly because I was in travelling attentive to those manners among firangers, which in my own country I pafild by from use without attending to them. thus it is in regard to persons born in the West indies they find nothing extraordinary in being surrounded rounded by another race of men destined to be their slaves , and are only amazed that the European hold suppose there men liable to the same sensations as himself, and ilould feel interested for the happiness of beings so inferior. Much has been written by moralits against cruelty to animals, and much has been said of the horrors of fl.very : but, alas the people who exercise these cruelties read not the lucubrations of the effayifl The slave merchant studies nothing but his profit and loss; and if at any time fcm ething like a qualm of conscience nfould disturb the felicity he finds in acquiring wealth, he reconciles himself to his pursuit with reflecct ing, that if he did not drive this trade somebody else would an argument which I have often heard used to juifify every folly and every vice. In Barbados, where I resided at the time i am now accounting for, it appears to be, and certainly is, so much the interest of the planters to be careful of the lives D 6 of of their slaves , on whose labour their incomes depend, that in general they are not ill-treated; and if there are some mat.lers lwhlfe malignant disposition even avarice cannot control, there are others w. hoe humanity is not lessened even by the perverle and savage tempers of some of those unhappy beings who are their pro perty. but so much cannot be said of persons nho hire the slaves of others: - these men seem to believe that lives which are not certainly to be spent in their service are of no value; and a gang of hired negroes are often so overworked as to oc ca: on them to perish in a very few years.. But it seems as if the general lot of this tunortunate race was more tolerable than ear led to suppose from a transient view of their ftuation: those who are born upon the ehtatcs they cultivate, having never any other idea than that of being destined to that labour which they behold going forward around them, are no more discontented with their lot than the pea i an, sants of England; and, unless provoked by any tyrannical exertion of their maiters power, have no more malice against them. than our day labourers against the lord whose ground they cultivate. On the contrary, the idea of their being the property of their master makes them take a peculiar interest in whatever relates to binm. they. are pleated if his house is better his equipage finer and his property greater than that of his neighbours; and seem to derive consequence themselves from the consequence of him to whom they belong. -- This is particularly the cafe with house negroes , who never think that honour enough is done to those whose property they are;. and indeed an infinite deal of pride and vanity is a principal ingredient in the temper of negroes ; and a woman dressed for a negro ball, in her jacket of flowered linen, her bead necklace, and white cap. is more vain than the most beautiful En gliflwoman on a birth night ball. The firange attachment of some Europeans to there there ebon beauties, but more particularly the preference given to mulatto women, feeds this excessive vanity at the expense indeed of everything that resembles morals or decency; and perhaps in no part of the Chrifiian world are appearances of morality so little attended to as in the West India islands. The condition however of the negioes is certainly in form refpeas even preferable to that of the English poor. an En glilhman, born to no other inheritance than the labour of his hands, can with difficul: y earn enough to support even himfelf. as soon as he is firong enough, he goes to a marter as a ploughman or a carter, where he feldorm serves longer than twelve months; by which indeed he gains a settlement in the parifl where he so serves: but he usually seeks another service, with no other fortune than his round frock, and a change of coarse clothes. He has now, however, higher wages in proportion to tle increaf of his strength; and and falls in love with a fellow fervant, whom, before the end of his year's service, he is frequently compelled to marry. The parifi officers reluctantly find him a hovel, or a room; and with less furniture than is seen even in a negro hut, he commences housekeeper. If his wife is notable, and he is himself indiftrious, he may exist for a year or two in tolerable comfort (living, however, upon little else than bread): but any remission in the labour of either, and an increasing family, expose him to the extremes of poverty: he loses his health for want of proper nourishment; -. and, becoming careless of his family, who are a burden to him, mutual reproaches aggravate the bitterness of that poverty which gave rise to them. he turns poacher or smuggler, yet is not the richer, for the alehouse consumes his illicit profits; and his family become