chargeable to the parish. The impatience of those who now bear this load urges them to complaints I against against him; and he, all freeman as hers.. driven to labour notindeed with stripes, but by the terrors of a gaol. from this species of tyranny he seeks his remedy in flight, leaving a wife and six or seven children to be maintained solely at the public' expence. he enlis for a soldier, and, having sold himself for sixpence a day, becomes in reality as great a slave as the african at leadt for the term of years for which he has engaged himfelf at the end of which, if he does not return mutilated from the service (in which cafe indeed he is provided for), he may possibly go back to his parifl, and finith his life, which his mode of living has (hortened, in. a work houfe. let any one who has ever infpeced a work house compare his tacn situation with that of the negro , who it is true is a slave ; but for whom all the necessaries of life are provided in his old age, and xwho is then ef.ablifhed in a little hut of his own poffibly with a woman of nearly nearly his own age, whom long habit has attached to him where he is employed only in such work as his strength will ad mit in teaching some kind of trade to younger negroes , or in taking care of children. If tick, he has medical afiftance; and, if he has been a good servant, and .has a master only of common humanity , he has many little indulgences to sweeten this last period of exiflence to say nothing of the refpe&t and affection with which people of his colour treat the aged among them. I do not, however, mean to say, that the sole consciousness that he is free or rather the notion that he is so, is not to the Engliflhman more than adequate to every advantage which the slave under the kindest master C an enjoy. I intend front this comparison only to infer, that, dreadful as the condition of slavery is, the pic. ture of its horrors is often overcharged. -- In one instance it strikes me as having been particularly fo. i recollet, among the. the reprefenrations that have often been made of tie heavy taks imposed on the regroes, great stress has been laid on the barbarous custom of sending out women and children, after a hard day's work, to collect meat for the cattle. That this is never dene I do not assert: but I do not believe it is the general practice. In Jamaica, the plenty of forage which the extent and variety of the island afiord renders it unnecessary. In Barbados, where such advantages do not exist, there are always, as far as I have observed, negroes , who are perhaps incapable of other work, whose bu firess it is to gather forage and who are called meat pickers. But let me, after having enumerated all these circumstances of palliation, declare against every species of slavery : let me protest my belief that it brutalises, while it degrades, the human chara: cer, and produces at once servility and ferocity *. It * notw thftanrding my apprehensions that Novel readers, in their eagernefa for mere narrative, will murrrur It has been remarked in the army, that the most tyrannical officers have been almost invariably those most meanly obsequious to their superiors, and who have been raised from inferior life by patronage; and by a man of strong understanding, who had had an opportunity of observing for many years the manners of a great public school, I have been assured, that the boys who had themselves been the worst treated in their juniorfnips, by those whose age gave them the improper privilege of sub jelting them to a Rcate of temporary servitude, were almost always the greatest tyrants in their turn; whereas it should seem that the very reverse would happen; and murmur at being detained by a sort of dissertation on negro slavery , I flould have tempted their patience for a few pages more, if I had not, since I wrote this part, seen Mr. Edwards's History of the West Indies , where clearness of style and accuracy of description are united with knowledge of the subjet, integrity of heart, and general humanity and where the Englifl gentleman is not for a moment lost in the Jamaica planter. that that those v.ho had been thus injurioufll treated when children, would feel for the defenceless condition of their juniors, when tlicy themfcl cs became young men. it has been received as a maxim, that human nature is everywhere the same; and if these obfervatiorls are just, it is exemplified in remarking, that such of the negroes as are entrusted with any degree of authority over their unhappy countrymen, exercise that authority with infinitely more rigour than the white fuperintendants. CHAP, CHAP. IV A F T E R remaining some months in _, Barbados, we embarked for Euri, : C, iiilh our two children, in the hope of arriving without a repetition of those accidents that had hitherto pursued us; and though the convoy of a fifty gun ship and a finall frigate was unequal to the charge of a number of merchantmen fb considerable, we trusted to the superiority of our kill, as Englilhmen, in naval affairs, and to the courage of our sailors, who were armed as well as we could arm them for their own defence. The voyage was prosperous to the Madeiras; but it was more tedious than usual, as is ever the cafe with a convoy; and I found my health suser extremely. A slow fever seemed to be gradually undermining my constitution; and the the progress of the disease was but too visible in my countenance, which I often saw Iiabella watching with the tenderest anxiety. I endeavoured to dissipate her fears, and t? make light of