days they remained in the boat, (for so long were they going from the Ship to the plantation ) he entertained Oroonoko so agreeably with his art and discourse, that he was no less pleased with Trefry, than he was with the prince; and he thought himself, at least, fortunate in this, that since he was a slave , he had a man offuch excellent wit and parts for a master. So that before they had finished their voyage up the river, he made no scruple of declaring to Trefry all his fortunes, and most part of what I have here related, and put himself wholly into the hands of his new friend, who he found relented all the injuries that were done him, and was charmed with the greatness of his ations; which were recited with such modesty, and delicate sense, as wholly subdued him to his interest. And he promised him, on his word and honour, if he would find the mears, to re condu& him to his own country again; afflring him, he had a perfet abhorrence of so difho nburable an acion; and that he would sooner have died, than have been the author of such a perfidy. He found the prince was very much concerned to know what became of his friends, and how they took their slavery ; and Trefry promised that he should have an account of thtm. Though, Though, as Oroonoko afterwards said, he had little reason to credit the words of a Backearary; yet he knew not why, but he saw a kind of sincerity in the face of Trefry; he saw honesty in his eyes, and found him wise and sensible enough to understand honour: for it was one of his maxims, A man of genius could not be a knave or villain. In their passage up the river, they put in at several houses for refreshment; and ever when they landed, numbers of people would flock to behold this man: not but their eyes were daily entertained with the sight of saves; but the same of Oroonoko was gone before him, and all the people were in admiration of his beauty. Besides, he had a rich habit on, in which he was taken, so different from the rest, and which the captain could not strip him of, because he was forced to surprise his person in the minute he sold him. When he found his habit made him liable, as he thought, to be gazed at the more, he begged Trefry to give him something more befitting a slave ; which he did, and took off his robes: Nevertheless, he Ihone through all, and his ofenbr.igs (a sort of brown Holland suit he had on) could not conceal the graces of his looks and mien; and he had no less admirers than when he had his dazzling habit on: the royal youth appeared in spite of the slave , and people could not help treating him after a different manner, without designing it. As soon as they approached him, they venerated and esteemed him; his eyes insensibly commanded refpec, and his behaviour insinuated it into every soul. So that there was nothing talked of but this young and gallant slave , even by those who yet knew not that he was a prince. I ought to tell you, that the Christians never buy any slaves but they give them some name of their own, their native ones being likely very barbarous, and hard to pronounce; so that Mr. Trefry gave Oroonoko that of * A Chfiflian. Cxfar: Caesar; which name will live in that country as long as that (scarce more) glorious one of the great Roman: for it is most evident he wanted no part of the personal courage of that Cxfar, and acted things as memorable, had they been done in some part of the world replenished with people and historians, that might have given him his due. But his misfortune was, to fall in an obscure world, that afforded only a female pen to celebrate his fame; though I doubt not but it had lived from others endeavours, if the Dutch, who immediately after his time took that country , had not killed, banished, and difperled all those that were capable of giving the world this great man's life much better than I have doce, And Mr. Trefry, who designed it, died before he began it, and bemoaned himself for not having undertook. it in time. For the future, therefore, I muss call Oroonoko Cefar; since by that name only he was known in our Western World, and by that name he was received on shore at parham houfe, where he was destined aflave. But if the king h; nfelf(god bless him) had come ashore, there could not have been greater expecation by the whole plantation , and those neighbouring ones, than was on ours at that time; and he was received more like a governor than a slave : notwithstanding, as the custom was, theyafligned him his portion of land, his house, and his business in the plantation . But as it was more for form, than any design to put him to his talk, he endured no more of the save but the name, and remained some days in the house, receiving all visits that were made him, without firring towards that part of the plantation where the negroes were, At last, he would needs go view his land, his honfe, and the butinefs assigned him. But he no sooner came to the houses of the slaves , which are like a little town by itself, the negroes ah having left work, but they ail came forth to behold him, and found he was that prince who had, at several times, sold moult of them to there parts; parts; and from a veneration they pay to great men, especially if they know them, and from the surprise and awe they had at the sight of him, they all call themselves at his feet, crying out,