so many darts in the great heart of Ca'far, and taking his opportunity, opportunity, one Sunday, when all the Whites were overtaken in drink, a;. there were abundance of fever;, L trades , and slaves for four years, that inhabited among the Negro house;; Sunday being their day of debauch, (cthcrwii. thecy were : sort of spies upon C far) he went, pretcn: .ing out of gioo(dnefs to them, to f: tlti among them, and sent all lis niufick,, and ordered a great treat fur the whole gang, about three hundred negroes , and about an hundred and fifty were able to bear arms, such as they had, which were lfulicient to do execution, wtith spirits accordingly : for the English had none but rualy swords, that no ilrength could draw from a scabbard; except the people of particular quta lity, who took care to oil them, and keep them in good order. The guns also, unless here and there one, or those newly brought from England, would do no good or harm; for 'tis the nature of that country to rust and eat up iron, or any metals but gold and silver. And they.are very expert at the bow, which the Negroes and Indians are perfea mailers of. Cxfar, having singled out there men from the women and children, made an harangue to them, of te miseries and ignominies of slavery ; counting up : 11 their toils and sufferings, under such loads, burdens and drudgeries, as were fitter for beasts than men; senseless brutes, than human souls. He told them, it was not for days, months or years, but for eternity; there were no end to be to their misfortunes: they suffered not like men, who might find a glory and fortitude in oppression; but like dogs, that loved the whip and bell, and fawned the more they were beaten: that they had lost the divine quality of men, and were become insensible asses, fit only to bear burthenls; nay worse; an as, or dog, or horse, having done his duty, could lie down and rell, and rise to woik again, and while lie did his dut', endured no ifripes; but men, vil!lnous, fenielef, men, such as they, toiled en all the tedious week until bliak Fr: iday; and then, whether they worked or: or not, whether they were faulty or meriting, they pro inifcuoufly, the innocent with the guilty, suffercd the infamous whip, the sordid firipes fi-om their fellow slaves , until their blood trickled from all parts of their body ; blood, whose every drop ought to be revenged with a life of some of those tyrants that impose it. And why (said he) my dear friends and fellow fafferers, should we be laves to an unknown people? Have they V nquifled usnoblyin fighlt? have they won usin honourable battle? and are we by the chance of war become their slaves ? This would no. anger a noble heart; this would not torture a soldier's fol : no, but we are bought and sold like apes or monkcvs, to be the sport of women, fools and covwards; and the support of rogues and runaways, that have abandoned their own countries for rapine, murders, theft and villainies. Do you not hear every day how they upbraid each other with infimy of life, below the wildeit savages? and fiall we render obedience to such a degenerate race, who have no one hui.: an virtue left, to dirdnguifh them from the vilest creatures? Will you, I say, susser the lash from such hands? -- They all replied with one accord, No, no, no; Caesar has spoke like a great captain, like a great king. After this he would have proceeded, but was interrupted by a tall negro , of some more quality than the rest: his name was Tuscan; who bowing at the feet of C efar, cried, My lord, we have listened with joy and attention to what you have said; and, were we only men, would follow so great a leader through the world: but 0! confider we are husbands and parents too, and have things more dear to us than life; our wives and children, unfit for travel in those impassable woods, mountains and bogs. We have not only difficult lands to overcome, but rivers to wade, and mountains to encounter; ravenous beads of prey. -- To this Ca; far replied, That honour was the firll principle in nature that was to be obeyed; but as no man would pretend z to that, without a fcnfe of virtue, compafllon, charity, love, jufiice and reason , he found it not inconsistent with that, to take equal care of their wives and children as they would of themselves; and that lie did not design, when he led them to freedom , and glorious liberty , that they liould leave that better part of themselves to perish by the hand of the tyrant's whip: but if there were a woman among them so degenerate from love and virtue, to chufc slavery before the pursuit of her hufland, and with the hazard of her life to share with him in his fortunes; that such an one ought to be abandoned, and left as a prey to the common enemy. To which they all agreed -- and bowed. After this, he spoke of the impalfable woods and rivers; and convinced them, the more danger the more glory. He told them, that he had heard of one Annibal, a great captain, had cut his way through mountains of solid rocks; and should a few Ihrubs oppose thenl, which they could fire before them? No, it was a trifling excuse to men resolved to die, or overcome. As for bogs, they are with a little labour filled and hardened; and the rivers could be no obstacle, since they fivam by nature, at leat by custom, from the firll hour of their birth: that when the children were weary, they mull carry them by turns, and the woods and their own in dulry would