which he thinks surpasses him, and perhaps deprives himfelfof lips and an eye: So they flafi on till one D 2 give; ( "i3) gives out, and many have died inthish debate. And 'tis by a pilfive valour they Show and prove their activlty, a sort of courage too brutal to be applauded by our black hero; neverthclets he exsprei fed his esteem for them. In this voyage Caetal bes t so goed an underfianding between the Indlans and theenglifh, that there wv.ere no more fears or heart burnings during our Itay, but we had a peifert, open, and free trade vith them. Many thirgs ren ak.zahle, and wsorthy reciting, we met w; i; in this flort voyage ; because Cxfar n.; .cte it his bufi nels to search out and s; rovide for our entertainment, efpeciilly to licale his dearly adored Imoinda, wio was a flarer in all our adventures; vc being reiolved to make her chains as ely p.s. n e could, and to compliment the r.rince in that manner that most obliged hinm. As we were coming up atain, we met with some Indians cf 't raige afpeats; that is, of a larger fze. an: d ctler sort of features, than thoic in (; .r countjly. Our Indian slaves , that rowed r: :. acted them some quellior.s; but they !' .': ' not D 3 unij ', and ( 14) under rand us. but showed us a long cot. tonne 1lriil. with several knots on it, and they had Lce, coming from the moun taits so many moons as there were knots: They were habited in ifil: s of a strange bear - .'. along with them bags of gold -. which, as well as they could !ive i: : nderitand, came fiream. ing i, '"e cn al channels down the high rmoirn t - - - the rains fell; and of fe: - e it - -.. to anybody, or per ibos, -. : c tie mountains. We c .r. - ncn up to Parham, whie: xe - ..-:. e,, t'li the lord governor CI : i c, n i beca; tie all the people wvere : ..d C te ging on th's golden ad ve: tyre. tl'.i. ''ernor, by his letters, co: ma,, .dz. dr tl.ev lent some of the god to hl nt that a guard should be let at tn m: u: i of tlhe river of Amazons, (a rivr fr called, almost as broad as the r.x er ors Thames) ad prohi iited all people from roing up that river, it conduct in t; o though e mountains of gold. But we goin o for England, before the project was si: : there prosecuted, and the governor being drowned in a hurricane, either the ( I ') the design died, or tl; e Dutch have the advantage of it: And 'tis to b.c. L en: oa. ed what his Majesty loll, by L osing that part of Anierica. Though' the digrefiion is a little from my story, since it con ai ns ome )roo of the curiosity and daring of this gre: {, t Inl, I was content'to omit nothi!g> of his cila raater. It was thus for some time wve divcr: l [hini; but now i: oinda be: an tc le2. iie was with child, and did nothing ba: : sigh and weep for the captivity of her lord, herself, and the infant yet unborn; land believed, if it were so hard to gain ithe liberty of two, it would be more dif ificult to ger that for three. Her griefs were so many darts in the great heart of; Cafar, and taking his opportunity on Sunday, when all the Whites were over jtaken in drink, as there was abundance of several trades , and slaves for four yealrs, that inhabited among the Negro houses; and Sunday being the day of debauch, (otherwise they were a sort of spies upon Cefar) he went, prettnding out of goodness to them, td feast among D 4 them ( 116) them, and sent all his music, and ordered a great treat for the whole gang, a bot three handred negroes , and about an hundred and fifty were able to bear arms, fiuch as they had, which were sus. fieient to do execution, with spirits accordingly : For the Engliff had none but r .Lt iwvords, that no strength could draw from a fcabloardi; except the people of particular quality, who took care to oil them, and keep them in good order. The guns aso, unless here and there one of those newly cairied from England, wouid do no good or harm; for 'tis the rature of that countyv, to rust and eat up iron, cr any metals but gold and silver. And they are very expert at the bov, vwhch ti; e Negroes and Indians are perfect masters of. Cwfar. having singled out these men front the wo iren and children, nmade, n i arangue to them, of the miseries and .gnominies of slavery ; counting up all their toils and sufferings, under such loads burdens and drudgeries, as were fitter for bears than men; lenfelefs brutes, than human souls. He told them, it was not ( 17 ] not for days months or years, but sore ternily; there was no end to be of their misfortunes: They suffered not like men, who might find a glory and fortitude in oppression, but like does, that loved the xwhip and bell, and fawned the more they were beaten : ' hat they had lost the divine quality of men, and were become Insensible aftes, fit only to bear: Nay, worse; an ass, or dog, or horse, having done his duty, could lie down in retreat and rise to work aain, and while he did his duty, endured no stripes; but men, villainous senseless men, such as they, toiled on all the tedious week 'till black Friday; and then, whether they worked or not, whether they were faulty or