where they were wedged so close together, that they could neither move or stir; when the heat of the climate, united to their want of air, brought ok a violent fever; and though they co.jured their inhuman guards. only to iindulge them with a. drop of water, it was denied them, and they died in the greatest torture from from thirst and suffocation; for, out of the whole number which were put into.that dreadful place, only twenty-three came out alive." "Oh! Sir Charles pray, do not let us go to Calcutta," said the Princess, hurfling into tears " for you do not know but that wicked man may put you and my dear mamma into.that shocking prison.; and then we may all die from heat and thirst !" "That wicked man has been dead a great many years, my dear," replied Sir Charles: " so set your little heart at rest; for I will never take you anywhere but to places of per sect safety: and you will see so many pretty things when once you are are on shore, that, I dare say, you will be more concerned at leaving Calcutta than you now feel dislike at entering it." Though this assurance seemed, in some degree, to quiet her fears; yet it was evident that the accents she had heard had made so strong an impression on her youthful mind, that time alone was likely to remove it. CJHAP. CHAP. III Humanity of an English Sailor to a Black Child Lady Corbet takes it under her Protection Treatment of the Slaves in the East Indies description of Calcutta Instance of Envy in the Disposition of the Princess. AT the moment that Lady Emma was departing from the ship , her feelings and attention were suddenly attracted by the dejected countenance of a poor sailor, who was fondly caressing a negro child, and attempting to sooth the violence of its sorrow. "My poor fellow" said she, in a voice of pity, " you seem to be in great great distress; tell me, can I render any service either to yourself or the object of your concern ?" "Heaven reward you, my dear lady," replied the sailor, whilst a smile of gratitude chased away the tear which, unbidden, fell upon his weatherbeaten cheek : -" for myself, thank God, I want no assistance, but for this poor helpless babe, who has just lost her sheet anchor, as a body may say, it would be a mercy, ins deed, if I could get a friend !" Lady Emma feelingly inquired into the particulars of her situation, and found that her father had been sold as a slave to a diamond merchant , at Golconda; that her mother, unable to support the misery of being separated separated from the object of her ten', derness, had run away from the master whom she served, and, pairiting her misfortunes to the captain of the Indiaman, with all the force as section could inspire, had so far interestedhis compassion, that he had given her a passage on board his ship , and promised to get her conveyed to her husband; but that, being attacked with a violent fever soon after she came on board, she had lingered under the disease until that morning, when she had expired, without a groan, leaving her child destitute and forlorn. The sailor had scarcely finished his' affecting tale, which drew tears of sympathy from Lady Emima's eyesi -, ~ - 'when when she assured him she would take the child under her protection, and, by a uniform conduct of kindness and affection, prevent her from feeling the loss she had so recently sustained. "But will you not take her to her poor father, Lady Emma ?" said the princess, who had listened attentively to the sailor's tale; for you know he must want somebody to love and pity him, now he has lost his poor wife !" "If I were to take her to her cruel master, who would, perhaps, give her tasks she would be unable to perform, do you think that would be the means of adding to her father happiness ?- No, my love, I will not send her into slavery , or be the means of her suffering suffering either cruelty or hardship; for you have no idea what those unfortunate people endure who are compelled to work in those gloomy mines; and it ought to lessen the value we place upon ornaments, when we reflect upon what our fellow creatures suffer to procure a bauble, which is of no real use " "Do they, indeed, suser hardships, mamma ?"'-" Yes, indeed, my love, they do."" Well, then, when I am grown a woman, never, no never, will I wear a diamond. but tell me, Lady Emma, what kind of hardships do they really suffer ". "In the first place,, they ate denied the, privilege of light and air, (as. all mines, you know, are a'great, OL; I. E - many many feet underground; and, instead of breathing a pure and wholesome current, they draw in nothing but confined vapours, that relax their bodies , and render them unable to perform those heavy tasks their tyrants daily set them: they are then beaten with the greatest severity, and neither suffered to partake of rest or food, until the labour of the day is done." This was so new a picture of suffering and oppression to the young princess, that every sentiment of feeling and compassion was awakened by it; and, taking the little negro tenderly by the hand, she assured her she should never go and work in the mines; promising to love her next to 1 her her dear mamma, if she would neither cry or look unhappy. As the little negro could only speak a few words of English, she could not perfectly comprehend the princess's kindness;. but bending her body as a mark of respect, she kissed the frock of her little consoler, and, in a few days,