T 11 E THE I N QUI S I T O R. 0 R, INVISIBLE ramblerk 'T HE IN QUI S I T R 0., INVISIBLE RAMBLER. rin THREE 'VOLUMES. 'By Mrs. R OWIS ON, AUTHOR OF .VICTORIA. V L : II iprinted for G. G. J. and J. ROB INSON Paternoster Row. M.DCC.LXXXVIII. t : ] THE I N QUI S I T 0 R. EAST INDIAN CONTINUED. POOR fellow! said I, looking at him withli an eye of compassion as he went out of the apartment poor fellow! thou hast been hardly used by one man who called himself a Christian, and it makes thee fufpe: the whole race but, surely, said I, it is not a man's barely prfefling' Christianity that makes hinm VOL. II B" worthy '2 worthy.that charater; a man mult'be. have with. humanity , not only to 4 is fellow-creatures, but to the animal .creation, before he can be ranked with propriety among that exalted class of mortals. The man who with unmerciful hand scourges his slave , does he then remember that the person he is chastising is endowed with the same sense of feeling as himself, and is as sensible of pain, hunger, thiri, cold, aye, and all the social blefiings of.life.? has filial, conjugal, and paternal affecion? -- then why, because he is a slave , mhould you beotow on him painful stripes, when yourself would ihrink to receive but the.fmallef of them does the name of Slave , - - ai. Slave ! '[.3 L. 'siae!'.f a I, riing as I .pólc, whilie the.faniguine.tide that plays.abo.ut : my'heart : rushed unbidden to .my my... 4cheeks 'Why didi blush, why did'i tremble, : as .1 pronounced the word flave.? i was because I was ashamed of the appel lation it is a word that hould.never be, used between man and man the.negro on the burning .sands of Africa was .born as free as him who draws his first', breath in britain and.flall a.chriiian', : a man whose mind is .elightened by education and religion, for a little sordid;; sell the freedom of this poor negro , orilyj' because he differs from him in o e pietion what' right has a Euro;; to ell an'african.? do' they le'ive '? "B z their[ [ their native land and seek our coai, by arts entice our countrymen away, and make them slaves .? WI.. C 5s THE SLAVE . I WALKED out and endeavoured to dissipate the disagreeable reflecion; but the idea of slavery pursued me frill. Unhappy man, said I, as busy fancy drew out the scene. She held up to my mind's eye' a man born to a good inheritance, and surrounded with all the comforts, all the blessings, he defired buc he was a negro . He was sitting in his little hut, his jetty companion by his fide; one infant at her breast, two others prattling at B S her [ 6. ] her knee: she looked, Ihe felt, happ.. Her husband,. her children,. were' witlr her; serenity playe( on' every countenance;. content had fixed her. habitation in their. dwelling some Europeans, en. ter they deck his belovedchildren with baubles they tie beads round the arms of his. wise and ornament her jetty locks with glittering toys he is charmed with their courtefey he. walks with them to. the sea fide, and takes his boy, his eldest: darling,. with him they invite them. on, board, the veffel poor soul! unfufpeeting. their treachery, he goes, and. bids, adieu to liberty for ever his wife,. taking advantage of his absence, trims up their : hut lays.her dear.babes to. fleep andt then prepares a supper for, her. love, complofed 'ciftipdfcd of wliolefome roots and ftuit -:!? She '."wonders why. herfiays She leaves her home and walks toward the ftea, file sees him embark her. child. goes too the sailors spread the sails the vessel nmoves fly flirieks but there imy heart was wrung so keenly, Lcould, goino farther.. ' i Ileft thee wise, and followed the poo.' .' negro he had no comfort but the idea 'i hat.he'.fhould be with his child.;., that - 'hedlhould: have, it in in.. his power to. eafe him'if heavy talks were imposed, *. to gutard.h.im. from dangers, and.teach. 'him, to be resigned. and contented. -- !'i'they arrive at barbados they are ex: : : pofe0 dlto sale and allotted to different; .tcmnaft.ers;.... Alas t' . !.') ..: -'.....- Alas! poor man, tears and entreaties are vain; you are in the hands of the sons of Mammon. Fancy still led me forward i saw him when age and infirmities came on without one comfort, without oie friend, on a miserable bed, sickness and remembrance his only companions hers weary of life he offers up a prayer for his fiill dear companion, for his children, his hapless. enslaved child - He dies - and is thrown into the grave without a prayer to consecrate the ground, without one tear of assec tion or regret being Ihed upon his bier. Had not that poor negro a soul? .I - Ycs [ 9 3 yes and in futurity it stall .appear white and. spotless at the throne, of Grace, to confound the man.who called' himself a Christian, and yet betrayed a fellow-creature into bondage . It would give me a great deal of pleasure, said I, to have the history of the East indian but when I have got it, how shall I translate it 1 know nothing of the language; but, perhaps 1 may be able to procure a person to translate it for me. How do you do? my good friend, said a man, rather shabbily drefed. -- Now, I make it a rule never to turn my back on a man because he had rather wear a threadbare coat than run in debt C ro ] debt'with' his taylor; so I turned'a'out to present my hand to the person who addrefed' me with such cordiality, and perceived in him the features of an old. school fellow. T.'. L