catch Fish for us, have nostock of Money at all employed in the Trade , they employ nothing but their own Labour and Pains; the small Rent they pay Yearly to the Matser for the Liberty ol Fishing, and the Expense they are at upon their little Boat and filing Tackle is so inconsiderable, that its not to be reckoned on. These Men being extremely Poor, they desire no more by their Trade but their daily Bread, and having no Interest at all to pay or discount, they demand so little Profit, that we get our Fish from them at a much easier Rate than its poftible, even for the frugal Dutch to sell at. If our own Countrymen were obliged to send out Ships for catching there Fish as the Dutch are neceficate to do, we would soon have no Fishing at all, or such a Thing as a fifhcrm.an; the Ditch would undersell us at cur own very Ports, as well as they do at others; but for this we have God and good Nature to thank, and not our own goad Conduai. On:; (48) Our Merchants who send our Fish bevond Seas, buy not their Fish till the end of the Season, that they have Occasion to send their Ships to France, Italy, or Spain, for Wines and other Commodities, or to the bjltick for Iron or Naval Stores; then rather than send their Ships with Ballast, they buy what Fish they can get from our poor Fishers and send them, trusting to their returns for the most of their Profit; Besides, by buying late they save near half a Years Interest of their Money which the Dutch fishing Merchant who sends out his Ships the beginning of the Season, is obliged to pay. This enables them to sell their Fish as cheap as the Dutch do in Foreign Markets, especially now our Interest being brought so near to what it is in Holland. If the Fishing by there little Boats were certain we could carry on by their means a much greater fishing Trade than we do, notwithstanding the Advantage the Dutch have of us by their low Interest : But the Fiflhing this way is so uncertain, that a Merchant cannot depend upon the Fish taken by these small Boats as a sure way to employ his Stock . This uncertainty is the Reason that few or none of our Merchants follow this Trade principally, it's only by the bye, when they can get no other (49) othercommodities fit to be exported to ths Place he is to send his Ship to. And this Scarcity of Merchants is again the Reas son that our Coast Towns have never more Fishermen than what are able to live by the Vent of their Fish in the Country about: If they catch more than serves the Country , their Fifi are often a Drug upon their Hands; they cannor get a . Merchant to carry them to a Foreign Market, and they are not able to do it them selves. The Want of Merchants of good Stocks to take our Manufactures off of the Hands of our poor manufa&urers, and to carry them to foreign Markets, is perhaps the Reason of the Decay ofourwool len Manufaaure and Complaints of our Weavers. But of this no more at pre. sent. What further confirms what I say about the Lowness of Interest is, That since our Interell was reduced to 5 percent. there has been more Sith exported in one Year than was for many Years before in two, For though' our Interest is not as yet brought near to that in Holland, yet the Difference is less than it was; so that the Cheapness of our prime Cost in the Fishing almost makes it up. H The ( o) The many Difiouragements the North Parts of Britain, (which lie most convenient for the Fihiing Trade ) met with before the Union, and the natural Pride and Laziness of that People, contributed much likeways towards the Advantage of the Dutch. But now the Government will find it the Incereft of the Nation to encourage these People in their Trade , as much as any other of their Subjects, and their continual Intercourse with the trading People of England, will I hope, teach them, that its no ways below a Gentleman to be a Merchant , and that its a Crime bor any Man to live idly upon what his Father's Industry has pro cured him. At our first fettling in the West idies, and beginning the Plantation Trade , our Merchants made such a vait Profit, that moult of them turned their Stocks that Way, and the great Advantage we made by it, added to the Disdain we naturally have of Trades , where we can expect but a small Profit, which is another Reason for our neglecting so much the Fishing Trade ; but the Profit of that Trade coming now to a more moderate Standard, I hope we will again begin to think that the Fishing Trade is worth our Pains, and apply to it accordingly. The ( 5i) Tile Interest of Money has already been lowered by Ad of Parliament , and I hope if it can be demonltrate, that it is necessary for augmenting the Trade of the Nation , to bring it yet lower, the Parliament will readily go in to it, which gives me the Joy to think that not only our Fifiing Trade , but likt wife all our other Branches of Trade , are in a fair Way of Improvement. I think I need not take up much Time to show you the natural Advantages we have above all others, for carrying on the Fishing upon our Coafis: They are evident to everybody: We have certainly the only Property in this Filling, and may with Jullice exclude all other People from it, even by Force of Arms, if they offer to come upon our Coasts against our Will. I know no Reason why we have not