may be to men of taste and sentiment, there are some obstacles which, I apprehend, would, in the opinion of the people, be insurmountable. The chief of there I take to be the prohibition of wine, the ftrit fast of Ramozin, and, above all, the injuntions * concerning the treatment of slaves , which are so mild and generous, that the Christians of England, who are concerned in the traffic of their fel low creatures (and who form a large and refpeaable part of the community) would never be brought to submit to its authority. m See Sale's Koran, and Hamilton's translation of the Hedeya. G 3 [ 84 From the delusive opinion entertained in the sublime mind of the Rajah, of the religion of the Christians, he will, no doubt, be inclined to imagine, that their philanthropy embraces the wide circle of the human race. How far the rule of ' doing to others, as they would be done by, in the like cafe, ' actuates the Christians of England, may be learned from' the following history of my voyage . As I attended the family of a great man, I had the advantage of being accommodated on board one of their Ships of war, a huge edifice, whose fides were clothed with thunder. This mighty fabric contained near seven hundred people, governed by a few Chiefs, whose commands were obeyed with the quickness of the lightning's glance, and the frown of whose displeasure was followed by the severity of punishment. We had made two thirds of our voyage to the coast of Britain, when t 85 1 a ship appeared at a distance, which our ikilful mariners soon perceived to be in distress. I had so often witnessed what I thought to be the exercise of cruelty during my abode in this sea born fortress, that I did not expet the distresses of people, whom they had never seen, would excite much of their compaflon. In this, however, I was mistaken. To my affonifh ment, every effort was instantly made to afford relief to there 'firangers; and I beheld the toil ftrengthened nerves of these lions of the ocean, strained by the most vigorous exertions, to save the almost finking vessel. At length, the object of their labours was effected; and they, who had been so zealous to save, now appeared per feetly indifferent to the expressions of gratitude and admiration which were poured out by the people, whom they had so gallantly delivered from the jaws of destruction. Our carpenter was employed to re, pair the breaches in the unfortunate vessel, 03 86 ] And, as the weather was now calm, curiosity led the principal people of our company to visit the ship of the firangers. I was among the number. But Oh! that I could obliterate from my mind the memory of a scene, the horrors of which no pen can describe, no tongue can utter, no imagination conceive. It was an English vessel, which had been on a voyage to the coast of Africa , from whence it was now proceeding to the Britifl settlements in the West Indies , with a cargo , not of silver and gold, not of coffly spices and rich perfumes, but of some hundreds of the most wretched of the human race; a cargo of slaves . These miserable beings, were here huddled together in the squalid cells of a moving dungeon. Their uncouth screams, their dismal groans, their countenances, on which were alternately depiced the images of fury, terror, and despair, the clanking of their chains , and the savage looks of the white barbarians, who conr r 87 ] manded them, exhibited such a scene, as mocks description. Surely, the magnanimous Rajah will not imagine, that the perpetrators of this cruelty could be the professors of a religion of mercy. No. Had a ray of knowledge enlightened their understandings, through the tawny hue of the unlettered savage, they would have recognised the emanation of the creating Spirit; they would have perceived the kindred mind, which, in its progressive course through the stages of varied being, might one day inhabit the bodies of their own offspring. For my part, when I contemplated the scene before me, I anticipated, in imagination, the few swiftly rolling years, which might change the abode of the souls of these tyrant whites into the frames ofwoe deftined negroes ; while the present victims of their cruelty , would in their turns, become the maiters, and, seizing the scorpion whip of 4 t 88 } oppression, retaliate their present sufferings with all the bitterness of revenge. But, alas! the divine doctrine of retribution is unknown to these Christians. No dread of after punifiment restrains the remorseless hand of cruelty . No apprehension of the vengeance of an offended Deity, diverts them from the greedy pursuits of avarice, or disturbs the enjoyments of luxury. For let it not stagger your faith in my veracity, when I inform you, that all this aggregate of human misery is incurred, in order to procure a luxurious repast to the pampered appetites of there voluptuaries, and that the unhappy negroes are torn from their country , their friends and families, for no other purpose, but to cultivate. the sugarcane; a work of which the lazy Europeans are themselves incapable. When I mention: the slaves of Christians, let not your imagination turn to the bondsmen of Asia, as if their situations were pa[ [ ] rallel. No. By the mild laws of our Shafter, and even by the less benevolent institutions of Mahammed, slaves are considered as people who, having bartered their liberty for protection, are entitled to the ftriteft justice, lenity, and indulgence. They are always treated with kindness, and are most frequently the friends and confidants of their matters. But with there white savages, these merciless Christians, they are doomed to fuiiter all that cruelty , instigated by avarice, and intoxicated by power, can inflic. Ah! beloved Hindo ltan happy country ! paradise of regions! the plant which in the transatlantic