divine clemency, and terminates in nothilg below your immortal happiness: And were you inclined to examine those sacred truths which would lead you to that felicity, and to share my fortune in a free and happy nation , the wealth of the Indies should not buy you from my affegions: But if it is your choice to return to the cutoms and religion of your counttry, you are abjolutely free, without attending any terms for your release. With a friendly, but dejeced look, he told me, it was impossible for him to dispense with his filial obligations to an indulgent parent; but he positively refused his freedom , 'till he had given intelligence, and received an answer from his father; which he soon had with a Cart Blanche to me? on which I might make my own demands for his son's ransom. I returned it, with no other terms, but the liberty of all the Christian slaves be had in his possession; hoping by this disinterested conduct, to leave a conviction on the mind of my young friend, in favour of Christianity. He could persuade me to receive nothing but some little present , and left me with an apparent concern. " It was some Months after he was gone, before I could finish my negotiations in Spain; but as soon soon as they were dispatched, I embarked for Holland. We had not been a week at sea, before the ship was taken by a rtirkih pyrate, and all the men in it carried to Coanfattinople, to be sold as slaves : My lot fell to a master, from whom I was like to find most barbarous treatment; however, I was resolved to endure my bondage , 'till I could give intelligence to my friends in England, to procure my ransom: I was fixed to this, that no hardihip should reduce me to give Orramel an account of my diitrefs, 'till I was again in circumstances, not to need his kindness, nor expect a retaliation of my own. But heaven had kinder intentions, by bringing me into this adversity, nor left me long without redress: As I was talking in a public place, to one of my fellow slaves , Orramel came by; he passed beyond me, but instantly returning, looked on me with great attention, 'till some melting sorrow dropped from his eyes: When, making inquiry of some that were near, to whom I belonged, and being informed; without speaking a word to me, he flew to my new master, paid his demand for my ransom, and immediately conducted me to his house, where he welcomed me with the warmest marks of affecion: He fpoke he paufed and was in the greatest perplexity, to find language suitable to the sentiments of his Soul. My brother! (said he) my Friend! - or if there are more sacred ties in nature or virtue, let me call you by some gentler appellation: We are now united k3 b by the bands of celefial amity,, one in the same holyfaitb, ald hopes of a glorious immortality: Tour charity ref/ced me from a worse than Spaniihfla very, from the bondage o' vice and fuperfition; your condura banihed my prejudices to the Chrifian same, and made way for the entrance of thoe heavenly truths, to which I tow afent. But this is a secret even to my own dome/licks; and whether fitch a caution is criminal, I am not yet able to determine. 'With what rapture, what attention, did I lifen to this language! I blessed the accents, that told me my friend, my Orramel, had embraced the Christian Faith: An'angel's song would have been less melodious: I looked upward, and with a grateful elevation of mind, gave the glory to the supreme disposer of all human events. The inftint was from above, that first moved me to ransom this young captive, thence was the spring ds my compfanion: It would be vanity, it would be the moll criminal arrogance, not to ascribe this action to the affilling deity. 'The illulirious Orramel made it his joy, his Rudy to evidence his affection: ihe told me, his father died since we parted in Spain, and that he had left five daughters, which he had by several of his wives: He offered me the choice of his' lifers, if I had any thoughts of marriage, and promised a dowry with her to my own content: One of them, he said, was privately bred a Christian, by her mother, a beautiful woman of Armenia: I was pleased with the proposal, pofal, and impatient to see my fair muitrefs. In the mean time, he made me a prefect of several rich habits, and two Negro's to attend me. The next day, he condusted me to a fair summerhouse, whither he sent for his lifters; who were all so handsome, that I was distresscd with my own liberty , nor knew where to choose, had not a principle of piety determined me to the young Armenian; who was not superior in beauty to the rest, but there was a decorum in her behaviour, which the others wanted: She had more of the modesty and politeness of the European women, to whom you know I was always partial: My choice was fixed, and the more I converted with my fair mistress, the more reason I found to approve it. We were privately married by a chaplain, belonging to the Britih envoy. My generous friend gave her a fortune which abundantly repaid all my losses; and after a prosperous voyage , I am safely landed in. Holland. I have lent you this relation, as a memorial of my gratitude to heaven; whose clemency has returned me more than measure for measure, and largely recompensed that liberality it firt in. spired. k4 Moral and Entertaining. P A R T III LETTER I. To Lady S o PI A: The Sequel of the Story of ROSALINDA. jubni o 0 U will find me, dear Lady Sophia, - in a more gay disposition