all the places where to seek the belt Food of the Country , and the means of getting it - and for very small and unvaluable Trises, supply us with what 'tis impossible for us to get; for they do nor only in the Wood. and over the Sevoan's, in Hunting, supply the parts of Hounds, by fwifily scouring through those almor impassable Places. and by the mere a&iviry oi their Feet run down the nimblest Deer, and other eatable Beasts: but in the Water, one would think they were Gods of the Rivers, or Fellow Citizens of the Depso rare an Art they have in Swim n.ing, Diving, and almost Living in. W'ter h' ' they command the less failli: labirani; o; : the Floods. Ad then for sho.otin., vh; t hc cinnrot rke, or reach wirh their Hai: JR',; i cje itirh Arrows; and have i admlirin,) n, Ai, thl; riey will split almost an Hair; and.? ai; diitaic that an Arrow can reach; they wlli 'Lootr do\! Oranges, and other Fruit, aid oniy touchi t Saili. ith the Dart's Point, that They : :. 1y ro' tr: The .. -.*: Fruit. So that they being, on all occasions, very useful to us, we find it absolutely necefaryr to caress 'em as Friends, and not to treat 'em as Slaves ; nor dare we do other, their Numbers so far furpaf sing ours in that Continent. Those then whom we make use of to work in our Plantations of Sugar , are Negro's , Black Slaves altogether; which are transported thither in this manner: Those who want Slaves , make a Bargain with a Mailer, or a Captain of a Ship , and contrat to pay him so much apiece, a matter of Twenty Pound a Head, for as many as he agrees for, and to pay for 'em when they shall be delivered on such a Plantation : So that when there arrives a Ship laden with Slaves , they who have so contrated, go a board, and receive their number bylot; and perhaps in one Lot that may be for ten, there may happen to be three or four Men, the reit Women and Children; (r be there more or less of either Sex, you are obliged to be contented with your lot. Coramsnti: C a Country of Blacks so called, was 'Ane of rhofe places in which they found the mols advantageous Trading for these Slaves , and thither mnot of our greattraders in that Merchandiie traf sick; for that Nation is very war like and brave and ha ing a continual Campaign, being always in Hoftiliyr with one neighbouring Prince or other, they had the tbrtune ro take a great many Captives, tor all they took in Battle were sold as Slaves ; at tlait, thofi common Men who could not ransom themselves. Ofthefe Slaves fb taken, the General only has all the Profit; and of these Generals our Captains and Malters ot Ships buny all their regio T ithe The OROONOKO: Or, The King of Coramantien was himself a Man of an Hundred and odd Yeats old, and had no Son, though he had many beautiful Black Wives; for most certainly, there are Beauties that can charm of that Colour. In his younger Years he had had many gallant Men to his Sons, thirteen of which died in Battle, conquering when they fell; and he had only left him for his Successor, one Grandchild, Son to one of these dead Vitors; who, as soon as he could bear a Bow in his Hand, and a Quiver at his Back, was sent into the Field, to be trained up, by one of the oldest Generals, to War; where, from his natural Inclination to Arms, and the Occasions given him, with the good Condut of the old General, he became, at the Age of Seventeen, one of the moult expert Cap. tains. and bravest Soldiers, that ever saw the Field of Mars: So that hle was adored as the Wonder of all that World, and the Darling of the Soldiers. Besides, he was adorned with a native Beauty so transcending atl thofs of his gloomy Race, that he struck an Awe and Reverence, even into those that knew not his Qua: iity, as he did into me, who beheld him with Surprise and Wonder, when afierwards he rriv'd in our World. He had scarce arrived ar iis Seventeenth Year, when, fighting iy his tide, the General wi s klill'd with an Arrow in his Eye, which the Prince Oroo noko (for so wzs this galhant Ioor cail'd) very narrowly avoided; nor had le, if the General, who saw the Arrow flor, and perceiving it aimed at the Prince, had not bowed his Head between, on p apofeto receive it in his own Body , rather than .t should touch that of the Prince, and !t save. him. ; Twas tricks, iifi: ed as Oroonoko was, that he .was prtoc!a: 'i r.ral in the Old Man's place and and then it was, at the finishing ofthatwar, which had continued for two Years, that the Prince came to Court; where he had hardly been a Month together, from the time of his Fifth Year to that of Seventeen; and 'twas amazing to imagine where it was he learned so much Humanity ; or, to give his Accomplishments a juiter Name, where 'twas he got that real Greatness of Soul, those refined Notions of true Honour, that absolute Generosity, and that Softness that was capable of the highest Passions of Love and Gallantry, whole Objets were almost continually fighting Men, or those mangle, or dead; who heard no Sounds, but those of War and Groans. Some part of it we may attribute to the care of a erench.man of Wit and Learning; who finding it turn to very good account to be a sort of Royal Tutor to this young Black , and perceiving him very ready, apt, and quick of Apprehension, took a great Pleasure to teach him Morals, Language