seemed to be very young and very handsome; he had a Molotta Child in her Arms about a year old, her Gown and Petticoat was made of a fine Silk. Don Medenta called to them in French, at which the Man looked: p; and Cnhalo: ta spoke in Eiaglijf to the Woman, desiring her to come up and speak to her; on which the Blackamoor pnfh'd the Woman in, and returning no answer, shut the door upon himself and her. Don amedenta and the rest concluded, that they E 4 seared. seared being discovered; so they all de. scended the Rock and went to the Doors resolving to force it open if they could not gain entrance otherwise, and remove their Fears by speaking gently to them, and acquainting them with their Difrcfs, They kno.k'd and called at the Door fur some time; but hearing a noise within, and no answer, they broke open the Door with much difficulty, and entering, went through a narrow Passage in the Rock, so ftrai: that but one Person could go abreast; a; the end of which they came into some strange Rooms fafhion'd by Nature, though clcanss'd of Mess and lerfe Stones by labour: Into there Light entered by the Holes tha: mere in some places open through the top of the Rocks; but Come part of the Caves, or Caverns (for they were scarce fit to be called Rooms) were very dark. In th: biggest Room was a Lamp burning, and here they saw two Chests locked, and on a Shelf some Platters and Bowls made ot calibafh fliells, with two or three wooden Spits; and some Sticks were burning in a corner of the Room, in a place made with Stones piled round, and opening in the front like a Furnace, on which stood a Pot, wherein something was boiling. There likewise hung up some fifling tackle and a Gun with a powder horn, as also a Bos with a Quiver of Arrows. In a place which which was flnut with a Door, like a Cupboard, flood Bread and Flower, and on the Table (for there was a very odd one, and S: ools, which seemed to be of the Negro's own making) flood a Basket with tome clean Linen for a Child, and some Canvas cut out for Slaves Jackets and Drawers. In another Room they saw a Qlilt and Coverlids lying on some Rushes on the Floor; but they could find no living Creature, at which they were much amazed. They called, and spoke in the softest terms, iefiring them to come forth, if hid there, promising to do them no harm; but in vain. At last they heard a Child cry, and following the sound of the Voice, went through a narrow Turning on the right Hand, which brought them to a Place where a Door was lut, before which lay a terrible Bear: Don Mede; ta, who was the foremolt, carrying the Lamp in one hand, and his Sword in the other, being presently more apprehensive of cha lotta danger than his own, file being next behind him, ran at the Bear, designing to kill it, if poffice, before it could rise; but was ftop'd by the sound of a human Voice which came from that Bea: t, saying' ' Heaven's sake, spare my life, and I'll do all you'll have me.' At these words the Negro came out of the Bear's Skin , and threw himself at Ai'denta's Feet, who took him up; and E 5 Cbarlott,, Charlotta bid him fear nothing, they being Persons in diltrefs, that wanted his assistance, and would pay him nobly for serving themr. Then he opened the Door he had lain before in the Beast's Skin , and brought forth the young Woman and Child, whom Char lotta embraced, whilst the poor Creature wept for joy to see a Christian white Woman. And now they were all cheerful, and the Negro being told, that they wanted nothing but his assistance, to carry one of them to any of the adjacent Islands that was inhabited to get them some Provisions, and hire a Vessel to carry them to the Island of St. Domingo, he readily pro mis'd to do it: ' My Boat, says he, will carry no great weight, being a finall ' Canoe which I made myself; but it will C carry me and one more, with some finall ' quantity of Provisions.' And now they were all impatient to know how this beautiful Woman and black Man came to this place; which they found fle seemed not willing to declare whilst the Negro was present : and therefore Charlotta begged that she might accompany her whilst he brought the Boat round to the other fide of the Island, to take in one of the Sailors; not thinking it safe to trust Don Medenta, or one of the Gentlemen with him, in so slight a Vessel. This the Negro did not seem to be pleased withal, but yet dared not refuse it jie He used to drag his Boat up out of the Water into a Cleft, where it was impossible to be seen. And now the transported Woman, with her tauny Child, accompanied Cha; lotta to her Tent, and in the way re. counted her Story in these Words. Y Name is Ifabinda. I am the M Daughter of a Planter in Tirginia, vwho has a great Plantation there, is extremely rich; and having no more Daughters than myself, bred me up in the belt manner, sending me to England for Education, from whence I returned at thirteen years old. I was courted by several, and by one in particular whom I liked, and my Father did not disapprove of; but it was my unhappy Fate to be miserably disappointed of all my hopes. Amongst a great many Negro slaves whom my Father had to work in our Plantation , he you saw was one, who appearing to be bred above the