paid the corsair his full demands. As soon as I had conducted the youth to my lodgings, I told him he was from that moment free; .the price I had paid was for his friendship and liberty . "Then you have confined'me," replied the gen. .tie stranger, " by the most lasting engagements. "t I might have broke through any other restraint; " but I am now your voluntary slave , and dare " trust you with a secret yet unknown to the Spa" " My name is Orramel, the only son of " a wealthy Bassa in Constantinople; and you may "' demand what you will for my ransom." "You will soon be convinced," said I, " there C was no mercenary intention in this action. The " amity I have for you is noble and disinterested; ' it was kindled by a celestial spark, an emanation "from the divine Clemency, and terminates in nothing below your immortal happiness. And " were you inclined to examine those sacred truths C which would lead you to that felicity, and to " share my fortune in a free and happy nation , the " wealth of the Indies should not buy you from "' my affections: but if it is your choice to return : ' to the customs and religion of your country , you "are absolutely free, without attending any terms ( for your release." With a friendly, but dejected look, he told me, it was impossible for him to dispense with his filial obligations to an indulgent parent; but he positively refused his freedom , till he had given intelligence, and received an answer from his father; which he soon had, with a cart blanche to me, on which I might make my own demands for his son's ransom. I returned it with no other terms, but the liberty of all the Christian slaves he had in his possession; hoping, by this disinterested conduct, to leave a conviction on the mind of my young friend in favour of Christianity. He could persuade me to receive nothing but some little present , and left me with an apparent concern. It was some months after he was gone, before I could finish my negotiations in Spain; but assoon as they were dispatched, I embarked for Holland. We had not been a week at sea before the ship was taken by an Algerine pirate, and all the men in it carried to Constantinople, to be sold as slaves . My lot fell to a master from whom I was like to find most barbarous treatment; however, I was resolved to endure my bondage , till I could give intelligence to my friends in England to procure my ransom. I was fixed to this, that no hardship should reduce me to give Orranel an account of ditress, till I , UT 2 was again in circumstances not to need his kindness, nor expect a retaliation of my own. But Heaven had kinder intentions by bringing me into this adversity, nor left me long without redress. As I was talking in a public place, to one of my fellow slaves , Orramel came by. He pas. sed beyond me; but instantly returning, looked on me with great attention, till some melting sorrow dropped from his eyes: when, making inquiry of ol.oe that were near, to whom I belonged, al.d bein, informed, without speaking a word to me, he lew to my new master, paid his demand for my ransom, and immediately conducted me to his house, where he welcomed me, with the warmest marks of affection. He spoke he paused and was in the greatest perplexity, to find language suitab!e to the sentiments of his soul. "(My brother !'" s: ld he, " my friend !oris I' there are more sacred ties in nature or virtue, ' let me call you by some gentler appellation! we ' are now united by the bands of celestial amity,. "one in the same holy faith, and hopes of a glorious immortality. Your charity rescued me " from a worse than Spanish slavery , from the bondage of vice and superstition; your conduct "banished my prejudices to the Christian name, ' and made way for the entrance of those heaven' ' truths to which I now assent. But this is a southeast: ret eveen to my own domestics; and whethe C such a caution is criminal, I am not yet able to " determine." With what rapture, what attention, did I listen to this language! I blessed the accents that told me my friend, my Orramel, had embraced the Christian faith. An angel's song would have been less melodious. I looked upward, and, with a greateful elevation of mind, gave the glory to the supreme Disposer of all human events' The instinct was from above, that first moved me to ransom this young captive: thence was the spring of my compassion: it would be vanity, it would be the most criminal arrogance, not to ascribe this action to the assisting Deity. The illustrious Orramel made it his joy, his study, to evidence his affection. He told me his father died since we parted in Spain; and that he had left five daughters, which he had by several of his wives. He offered me the choice of his sisters,. if I had any thoughts of marriage, and promised her a dowery with her to my own content. One. of them, he said, was privately bred a Christian, by her mother, a beautiful women of Armenia. t was pleased with the proposal, and impatient to see my fair mistress. In the mean time he made me a present of several rich habits, and two negroes to attend me.. The next day he conducted me to a fair sum.. aer lhouse, whither. he. sent for his sisters; who, were all so handsome, that I was distressed with my own liberty , nor knew where to choose, had not a principle of piety determined to the young Armenian; who was not superior