but sigh and weep for the Captivity of her Lord, herself,, and the Infant yet unborn; and believed, if it were so hard to gain the liberty of two, 'twould be more dificult to get that for three. Her Griefs were so many Darts in the great Heart of Cfar, and taking his opportunity, one Sunday, when all the Whites were overtaken in Drink, as there were abundance of several Trades , and Slaves for four Years, that inhabited among the Negro Houses;, and Sunday being theirday of debauch, Cotherwife they were. a sort of Spies upon; Cfar) he went, pretending out of goodness to 'em, to feast among 'em, and sent all his laufck, and ordered a. great Treat for the whole Gang, about three hundred Negroes , and about an hundred and fifty were able to bear Arms, such as they had, which were suffi cieat to do execution with Spirits accordingly: For the englilj had none but rusty 1 2 Swords, Swords, that no Strength could draw from a Scabbard; except the People of particular Quality, who took care to oil 'em, and keep 'em in good order: The Guns also, unless here and there one, or'thofe newly carried from England, would do no good or harm; for 'tis the nature of that Country to rust and eat up Iron, or any Metals but gold and Silver. And they are very expert at the Bow, which the Negroes and 'Indians are perse Matters of. Cifar, having singled out these Men from the Women and Children, made an Harangue to 'em, of the Miseries and Ignominies of Slavery ; counting up all their Toils and Sufferings, under such Loads, Burdens and Drudgeries, as were fitter for Beasts than Men; senseless Brutes, than human Souls. He told'em, it was not for Days, Months or Years, but for Eternity; there was no end to be of their Misfortunes: : They suffered not like Men, who might find a Glory and Fortitude in Oppression; but like 'Dogs, that loved the Whip and Bell, and sawn'd the more they were beaten: That they had lost the divine Quality of Men, and were become insensible Asses, fit only to bear: nay, worse; an Ass, or Dog, or Horse, having done his Duty, could lie down in retreat, and rise to work again, and while he did his Duty, endured no Stripes; but Men, vil villainous, senseless Men, such as they, toii'd on all the tedious Work till Black Friday: and then,. whether they worked or not, whether they were faulty or meriting, they, promiscuously, the innocent with the guilty, suffered the infamous Whip, the sordid Stripes, from their Fell low slaves , till their Blood trickled from all Parts of their Body ; Blood, whose every Drop ought to be revenged with a Life of some of those Tyrants that impose it. ' And why ([aid he) my dear Friends and Fellow sufferers, should we be Slaves ' to an unknown: People? Have they van, ' quilhed us nobly, in Sight? Have they ' won us in Honourable Battle? And ' are we by the Chance of War become ' their Slaves ? .This would not anger a ' noble Heart; this would not animate a ' Soldier's Soul: no, but we are bought ' and sold like Apes or Monkeys, to be ' the sport of Women, Fools and Cowards; ' and the Support of Rogues and Runa' ' that have abandoned their own ' Countries for Rapine, Murders, Theft and Villainies. Do you not hear every ' Day how they upbraid each other with Infamy of Life, below the wildest Salvages? And hall we render Obedience ' to such a degenerate Race, who have no 6 one. human Virtue left,. to distinguish I ' them t them from the vilest Creatures? Will * you, I say, susser the Lalh from such Hands? They all replied with one accord, ' No, No, No; Cfar has spoke like a great Captain, like a great King.' After this he would have proceeded, but was interrupted by a tall Negroe of some more Quality than the rest, his Name was Tuscan; who bowing at the Feet of Cafar, cried, ' My Lord, we have ' lifen'd with Joy and Attention to what you have said; and, were we only Men,, would follow so great Leader through. the World: But Oh! confider we are Husbands and Parents too, : and have ' things more dear to us than Life; our Wives and Children, unfit for Travel in those unpafrable Woods, ' Mountains 'and Bogs. We have not only difficult Lands to overcome, but Rivers to wade, and Mountains to encounter; ravenous Beasts of Prey.. - -- o this gcfar replied, That Honour was the first Principle in Nature, that was to be obeyed; but as no Man would pretend to that, without all the as of Virtue, Compafion, Charity, Love, Justice, and Reason , he found it not inconsistent with that, to ' take equal care of their Wives and Children as they would of themselves; and that he did not defignh, when he led them to Freedom , and glorious Liberty , 'that 'that they (houd leave that better part of themselves to perish by the hand of the Tyrant's Whip: But if there were a ' Woman among them so degenerate from ' Love and Virtue, to choose Slavery be' ' the parfuit of her Husband, and with the hazard of her Life, to hare with him in his Fortunes; that such a one ought to be abandoned, and left as ' a Prey to the common Enemy.' To which they all agreed and bow. ed. After this, be spoke of the impassable Woods and Rivers; and convinced them, the more Danger the more Glory. He told them, that he had heard of one Hannib.1, a great Captain, had cut his way through Mountains of solid Rocks; and Should a few Shrubs oppose them, - which they could fire before 'em? No, 'twas