of to work in our Plantations of Sugar , are Negroes , Black slaves all together, who are transported thither in this manner. Those who want Slaves , make a Bargain with a Mailer, or a Captain of a Ship , and contracto pay him so much apiece, a matter of twenty Pound a head, for as many as he agrees for, and to pay for 'em when they shall be delivered on such a Plantation : So that when there arrives a Ship laden with Slaves , they who have so contraced, go a board, and receive their number by Lot; and perhaps in one Lot that may be for ten, there may happen to be three or four Men, the rest Women and Children. Or be there more or less of either Sex, you are obliged to be contented with your Lot. Coramantien, a Country of Blacks ' o called, was one of those Places in which they they found the most advantageous Trading for these Slaves , and thither most of our great Traders in that Merchandise traf sick; for that Nation is very warlike and brave: and having a continual Campaign, being always in hostility with one neighbouring Prince or other, they had the fortune to take a great manycaptives: for all they took in Battle were sold as Slaves ; at least those common Men who could not tanfom themselves. Of these Slaves so taken, the General only has all the Profit; and of these Generals our Captains. and Masters of Ships buy all their Freights. The King of Coramantien was of himself a Man of an hundred and odd Years old, and had no Son, though he had many beautiful Black Wives: for most certainly there are Beauties that can charm of that Colour. In his younger Years he had had many gallant Men to his Sons, thirteen of whom died in Battle, conquering when they fell;. and he had only left him for his succefibr, one grand child, Son to one of these dead Vicors, who, as Coon as he could bear a Bow in his Hand, and a Quiver at his Back, was sent into the Field to be trained up by one of the oldest Generals to War; where, from his natural Inclination to Arms, and the Occasions given hinm, with the good Condut of of the old General, he became, at tile Age of seventeen, one of the moult expert Captains, and bravest Soldiers that ever saw the Field of Mars: so that he was adored as the Wonder of all that World, and the Darling of the Soldiers. Betides, he was adotn'd with a native Beauty, so transcending all those of his gloomy Race, that he struck an Awe and Reverence, even into those that knew not his Quality; as he did into me, who beheld him with surprise and wonder, when afterwards he arrived in our World. He had scarce arrived at his seventeenth Year, when, fighting by his fide, the General was killed with an Arrow in his Eye, which the Prince Oroonoko (for so was this gallant Moor called) very narrowly avoided; nor had he, if the General who saw the Arrow slot, and perceiving it aimed at the Prince, had not bowed his Head between, on purpose to receive it in his own Body , rather than it should touch that of the Prince, and so saved him. 'Twas then, affliaed as Oroonoko was, that he was proclaimed. General in the old Man's place : and then it was, at the finishing of that War, which had con tined for two Years, that the Prince came to Court, where he had hardly been a Month together, from the time of his fifth fifth Year to that offeventeen: and 'twas amazing to imagine where it was he learned so much Humanity ; or to give his Accomplishments a juster Name, where 'twas he got that real Greatness of Soul, those refined Notions of true Honour, that absolute Generosity, and that Soft. ness that was capable of the highest Passions of Love and Gallantry, whose Ob jess were almost continually fighting Men, or those mangled or dead, who heard no Sounds but those of War and Groans. Some part of it we may attribute to the care of a Frenchman of Wit and Learning, who finding it turn to a very good account to be a sort of Royal Tutor to this young Black , and perceiving him very ready, apt, and quick of Apprehension, took a great pleasure to teach him Morals, Language and Science; and was for it extremely beloved and valued by him. Another Reason was, he loved when he came from War, to see all the engljr Gentlemen that traded thither; and did not only learn their Language, blit that of the Spaniard also, with whom he traded afterwards for Slaves . I have often seen and converted with this Great Man, and been a Witness to many of his mighty a&ions; and do assure my Reader, the moult illustrious Courts could not have produced a braver Man, Man, both for Greatness of Courage and Mind, a Judgement more solid, a Wit more quick, and a Conversation more sweet and diverting. He knew almost as much as if he had read much: He had heard of and admired the Romans: He had heard of the late Civil Wars in England, and the deplorable Death of our great Monarch; and would discourse of it with all the Sense and Abhorrence of the In. justice imaginable. He had an extreme good and graceful Mien, and all the Civility of a well-bred great Man. He had nothing of Barbarity in his Nature, but in all Points addressed himself as if his Education had been in some European Court. This great and just Character of Oroono .o gave me an extreme Curiosity to see him, especially when I knew he spoke French and English, and that I could talk with him. But though I had heard so much of him,