all times, your lady ship's obliged and obedient servant, FRANCES DARNFORD. LETTER LETTER XI LADY A TO MRS. DARNFORD. O not be angry with me, my dear Mrs. Darnford it is so natural to communicate our pleasures to those we love bell, that I could not forbear fiewing your letters to Lord A.. was surprised to find you so deep in knowledge of a national kind, and pleated to see you entering so warmly into the belt interests of mankind. He is pleased that you have defended a due subordination of rank, and that you do not with the boundaries thrown down, and all men put upon a level; because he thinks, that in their different degrees and occupations men are most useful to each other, and that the result is the harmony of the whole. My lord says, he can strengthen your arguments arguments against the emancipation of the negroes , by two considerations; the first is, the present consequences; the second, the future. The first seems to be already coming forward; namely, that the negroes , being apprized of the steps that have been taken here in their favour, are preparing to rise against their masters, and to cut their throats. We have heard of very late rebellions, that have, with difsculty, been cruihed, and we may expect to hear of more daily. The second consequence to be expected is, that when the great point shall be carried for them, they will flock hither from all parts, mix with the natives, and spoil the breed of the common people. There cannot be a greater degradation than this, of which there are too many proofs already in many towns and villages. The gradations from a negro to a white are are many : first, a black and a white produce a mulatto; secondly, a mulatto with a white produce a mestee; thirdly, a mestee and a white produce a quadroon, a dark yellow; the quadroon and a white, a sallow kind of white, with the negro shade, and sometimes the features. All these together produce a vile mongrel race of people, such as no friend to Britain can ever wish to inhabit it. These considerations should be recommended to the patrons of the Black Bill of Rights; perhaps they may not have reflected. upon these points, and the mischiefs they contain. The king of the French, when he was king of France, banished all the negroes from his country ; it would be wise to do so in Britain, while it is yet in our power. You are to understand this reasoning to proceed proceed from my lord; who says farther, that he has no doubt to call the negroes an inferior race of men, but fill a link of the universal chain , and, as men, entitled to humanity , to kindness, and to protection; and he thinks, their mailers ought to be amenable to the laws, if they overwork, r ot ohewife ill treat them. L If we have known an Ignatius Sancho, and a Phillis Wheatly, they are exceptions to the general rules of judgement, and may be compared with a Bacon and a Milton, among the most civilised and refined of the race of Europeans. Thus much is for my lord, and as a return for your thoughts, which you have communicated to us. For myself, I have travelled with you through all your gradations to the bottom of the valley; and shall be happy to climb up again with you; for I perceive you mean to ascend by the same gradation, and to give us your Plan Plan of Education for each, as you go along. In the mean time, I want a governess for my two girls; I with you could recommend one. They have with them at present a very good girl, rather above a servant, and yet below a governess; but I want a gentlewoman, better educated, upon whom I can occasionally devolve my authority. I expet to be confined for a month in the course of the winter; and I with for such a fublfitute as I have described. I think, with you, that she should not have so harsh a countenance as old Vespasian, yet 1 had rather the was plain than handsome. I beg you to look out for such an one, and I (hall be ready to receive her as soon as the can come to me. My daughters understand more Italian than they do French; I want a perion completely mistress of the latter, and able to converse with them in it daily. I am I am now reading Adelaide and Theodore, as it ought to be read; which, I confers, I did not before; I discover a thousand beauties which 1 had overlooked, or but slightly observed. I aspire to imitate Madame d'almane, wherever lhe is imitable; there are some parts of her cha raater that are above my reach, and out of my power. I honour and revere the author of this book. Your extrat from Telemachus is very fine and very wise, but I fear it is not reducible to pracice. It is true that the influence of fashion has increased and is increasing; insomuch, that it is impossible to guess at people's degree, by their appearance; with you I see it, but I do not see how it can be remedied or prevented. People of superior rank and fortunes used to have the privilege of enjoying their own vanities and follies exclusively; but now they are imitated imitated by the lower degrees, and no. thing but absolute poverty excludes them. This is a great evil, and there are many who offer up their comforts and conveniences at the shrine of the idol Faflion. I long to see the rest of your Plans; I have no doubt of their virtue and benevolence, I only wish they may be prafcica. ble. In impatient expetation of your next packet, I am, dear Madam, Your obliged and affectionate friend, louisa A