to correct them, if he had lived to succeed to the throne. The revival of sumptuary laws is devoutly to be wished, but not greatly to be. hoped for; I acknowledge that many difficulties lie in the way, and that there would be no immediate advantages to induce government to undertake it; there could no greater motive be proposed than the good of the people. I have been considering, .whether any kingdom kingdom in Europe has attempted to introduce them; I think there is a regulation of this kind in Sweden, but I am not quite certain of it. There is not much greater reason to expet a reformation of this kind, from convincing people of the fitness and propriety of it; perhaps a good and virtuous education would go further than any other method: by teaching youth to aspire to superior qualities, they might be taught to despise the paltry diftincions of dress and fashion. I will relieve your ladyship from this subject, by assuring you of my unfeigned esteem and refpet at all times to which I will sign my hand and heart, FRANCES DARNFORD. E a LETTER LETTER X MRS. DARNFORD TO LADY A.. DEAR LADY, I WILL suppose that you have recovered from the fatigue of my late investigation, and are prepared to go on with me in my progress through the rest of my subject. I have led you from the top of a high hill, down into a spacious valley, from whence we can fall no lower. The rich and the proud look down with disdain from their high habitations, but we will not doubt to find many beautiful flowers, fruits, and herbs; we fall also find many noxious weeds, which we will endeavour to eradicate, that the herbs of value may thrive the better. Fenelon divides his nation into seven orders of men; after which he speaks of an an eighth, which he calls slaves . Whom does he mean, think you Surely, not the peasantry; they ought not to be slaves ; they are not so with us; but I fear, in his time, they were little less in France; and he could not foresee that a time should come, when they should be delivered from the yoke of tyranny , and become freemen. There have been in all times and all countries a set of men in the mofft abjea state of servitude, and it reited with their masters to render their situation tolerable or miserable. In some countries they made the captives they took in war perform their moti servile offices. The Spartans kept a whole district in this state of ilavery, to do such offices as they held too mean for the citizens of Sparta. i speak of the Helotes, whose treatment was at least as bad as the negroes receive from their masters in the sugar islands. E 3 The The Romans treated their slaves more liberally; they distinguished those of superior merit from the herd of men. They gave to young men of talents the befl education; they raised them to offices of trust, and sometimes made them their companions. They were frcquentiy freed entirely from servitude; and the number of freedmen, became almof equal to the denizens. In the History of the Jews, we find that a whole nation , or rather the inhabitants of a small diftril, were condemned to be hewers of wood and drawers of water to the children of Israel. There were also slaves of another kind among the Jews, as household servants; and they were enjoined to treat them with humanity . in all the Ea'tern countries , it has always been common to have many slaves ; in in all great cities they have ilave markets, where both men and women are bought and sold like cattle, and how they shall be treated, depends entirely upon the purchasers. Cervantes gives an account of their treatment in his admirable Don Quixotte; and, under feigned names, relates the adventures of himself and his companions during their fiavery at Algiers, particularly in the charming story of the Captive. In Spain and Italy there are societies of charitable persons, for the redeeming of Christian captives in Turkey and other Mahometan countries ; this charity reflects honour upon its donors. If thousands of Europeans are in actual slavery , and tens of thousands in a state of oppression, does it not seem a strange kind of Qiixottifin, to demand an X abolition of the slave trade to Africa , and the emancipation of the negroes ? There E 4 are are among us a set of men who are engaged in this cause, and who pursue it with an ardour and perseverance that would do honour to a better; for surely they have made choice of improper ob. je&s on which to exercise their charity. -- I have heard and read all the arguments on both fides; and, upon a fair and impartial survey and consideration, it appears to me, that if they could carry their points, they would be injurious to the commerce of this land, and no benefit to the objets they wish to relieve. I have been afiured, both by natives of the West Indies , and by those occasionally resident there, that the accounts given by the patrons of the negroes are in rome instances false, and in most of the others highly exaggerated. That they are, in general, much happier there than in their native country ; that the grief and sullenness .they show, when they are first carried over, is ^ is owing to an apprehension that they are) saved only to be killed and eaten; and that, when this is cured, they soon recover their health and spirits; that they are lazy and obstinate beyond conception, and muff be governed by firia discipline; that they are malicious and revengeful, and, if they had the power, would be cruel. If their matters were cruel enough to inflit stripes and torments upon them, merely to gratify their humours, their interest would forbid it;