part of the Per \ fian empire, till Alexander the Great vanquilhe, Darius. On the death of Alexander, his conquef being seized on by his generals, Egypt fell to th share of Ptolemy, and again became an independan kingdom, about 300 years before Christ; and hi successors ever after retained the name of Ptolemies In this line it continued, till the famous Cleopatr ascended the throne. After her death, Egypt be came a Roman province; and thus it continued till the successors of Mahomet expelled the Roman about the seventh century, In the time of the crusades, Egypt was governec by Noredden, whose son was the famous Saladin who sought againrt the Christians, and retook frorr them Jerusalem. He instituted the military corp! of Mamalukes; who, about the year r242, ad. vanced one of their own officers to the throne. Egypt for some time made a noble stand against the Turks, under there illustrious usurpers: bul after several bloody defeats, in 1513, it became reduced to its present state of fubjeation. It i3 now governed by a Turkish bashaw, who resides at Cairo; and a certain number of beys or begs, are appointed over the different provinces, under his authority, SECTION z26 SECTION lxxxviio OF THE OTHER AFRICAN STATES. BILEDULGERID, and ZAARA: we scarce know anything of these large territories, except that they are a part of the ancient Numidia and Lybia, and that they contain immense deserts; and indeed we are alinof equally ignorant of all the interior parts of Africa . NIGRITIA, or NEGXOLAND, is a very large country , nearly in the centre of Africa at the broadet: part; it is divided into fever: a finall kingdoms and Itates. GUI'FA, or, as it is ufilnlly called, The Coast of Guinea, contains thef'a fix'aris: I. Guinea 4. Congo 2. Benin 5. Angola 3. Loango 6. bengu!a. These comprehend all the countries which Europeans trade to on the West Coast of Africa , for ivory, gold, and slaves . The natives are Pagans, and are the Negroes so well known by their flat notes, thick lips, and short, woolly hair. These poor creatures are sold by their countrymen, and JL ~ 217 frequently by their own families, to the traders , who transport them to the West India islands, to work in their plantations . The English have James's Fort , on the river Gambia. The French and Dutch have also settlements on there coasts. ETHIOPIA, situated on the South of Egypt, contains there three vast countries , viz. 1. Nubia 3. Abex. 2. Abyssinia This extenf.ve country is governed by a King, fy'ed Prester John, or rather, by the Turks, Prester Khan, that is, " King of Slaves i" they receiving most of their saves from thence. The natives call him Negafca Negafcht, which signifies " King of Kings," and he is absolute in all affairs. Their Religion is a mixture of Christianity and Judaism. Their chief commodities are, gold, metals, and gems. ZANQ.UEBAR, including AJAN, extends along the eastern coa. of Africa , from Mozambique up to the firaits of Babelmandel, at the entrance into the Red Sea. It is a barren, sandy, hot desert, but thinly inhabited by Mahomctans, who are of a tawny complexion, not black , The 2s 8 The Portuguref trade here for slaves , gold, ivory, eflrich feathers, citrons, perfumes, aloes, and frankincense. MONOMOTAPA is a large country , surrounded by Caffraria. The natives are Pagans; and are tall, handsome, and black . The Portuguese trade with them for gold, silver, copper, ivory, oil, and rice. MONEMUGI is an inland country , contiguous to Monomotapa, on the north of it; which is but very little known to us, CAFFRARIA is the most southern country of all Africa , inhabited by the Hottentots, who are frupid, irrational creatures, without any sign of religion, government, or economy. They are of a middle size, but meagre, and exceedingly nimble in the chase; their language somewhat resembles the clucking of a turkey cock. They feed upon the intestines of animals, which they wrap first for some time about their limbs. The Cape of Good Hope, belonging to the Dutch *, is the most southern, and principal part, where most hips put in for refreshments on their voyage to India and all parts of the Eastern Ocean. It is very mountainous, and the top of the Cape is always covered with a cap of clouds, before a storm. It was named the Cape of Good Hope by the Portuguese, who first sailed round it, in i498, and discovered this pafage to Afa. * See page, i. L 2 SECTION SECTION LXXXVIII OF TIIE AFRICAN ISLANDS. T HE AFRICAN ISLANDS in are, Mladagafcar, or Lawrence Mauritius Bourbon Those in the St. Helena Ascension St. Matthew Guinea Islands Goree There are, besides the Indian Ocean Comera Isles Zocatra Babelmandel. Atlantic Ocean, are, Cape Verd Isles Canary Isles Madeira Islands Azores, or Western Ifies the above, several clutters of islands, on the Eaitern Coast of Africa , laid down in maps, but nowhere described. MADAGASCAR is the largest of all the African islands, being near Iooo miles long, 'and generally between 2 and 300 miles broad. It abounds in cattle, corn, vegetables, fruits, valuable gums, and most of the necessaries of life; and is a pleasant and healthy country , though in so hot a climate. It has several petty, savage kings, of its own, both Arab and Negroes , who make vwr upon each other for slaves and plunder, mau 20 MXAURITIUS lies to the east of Madagascar, and is about 150 miles in circumference. It belongs to the French; .and produces very fine ebony, and various other kinds of valuable wood. bournon is another small island po.se.sed by the French, at no great distance from mauriliue; it is said to be healthy and fertile, and well stocked with cattle. The coast is surrounded with bli:, d rocks, and very dangerous. On the southern extremity of this iflnd, there is a volcano. The French first fettled here, in 1672, after they were driven from Madagascar; and their