5. 6, Barbary 7. Ethiopia Egypt 8. Zanguebar Biledulgerid 9. Monomotapa Zaara 10. Monoerugi Nigritia or Negroland I. Caffraria Guinea i2. The African Ilands. Africa is about 4300 miles from North to South; that is, from Cape Bona, in the Mediterranean, to 9 the the Cape of Good Hope; and about 4000 miles East and West , from Cape Verd to Cape Guardafui, near the Straits of Babelmandel. It is situated between 350 South latitude, and 370 North latitude. SECTION LXXXIV OF AFRICA . T HE principal Rivers of Africa are, the Nile, which rises in Abyssinia, runs through Nubia and Egypt, and discharges itself into the Mediterranean Sea; The Niger, which, running through all Negro land, after a course of almost 3000 miles, falls into the Atlantic; The Gambia, and the Senegal; on which rivers the English have some settlements. The principal Mountains are, the Atlas, a ridge extending from the Western Ocean, as far as Egypt, between Barbary and Biledulgerid. It took its name from a king of Mauritania, who was a great afiro nomer, and used to observe the itars from its summit; from whence the poets represent Atlas as a giant, bearing the heavens on his floulders. 'lis 3 2o6 This mountain gives name to the Atlantic Ocean. The mountains of the Moon, in Ethiopia, covered with fiow and ice, are Rill higher than Atlas. The Sierra Leona, or mountains of the Lions, divide Negroland from Guinea, and extend to Ethiopia. The exceeding high hill, called the Peak of Teneriffe, one of the Canary Isles, which is in form of a sugar loaf, and said to be three miles perpendicular height, and can be seen at an hundred and twenty miles distance. The Dutch make this their first meridian of longitude. Mount Abyla, opposite Gibraltar, said to be one of the pillars of Hercules. As the greatest part of this extensive country lies between the Tropics, the heat is in many places almost insupportable to an European; it being greatly increased by the reflection of the rays of the frn from vast deserts of burning sands. The coasts, however, and banks of rivers, are generally fertile, and most parts of this region are inhabited, though it is far from being so populous as Europe or Asia. Along the coasts of the Mediterranean, and in Egypt, Biledulgerid and Zaara, the people are of a tawny complexion, and dress like the Turks; but, in the other parts of this quarter, the inhabitants are quite black . The better sort of negroes wear thin vefis and white caps, but the poor go almofi naked, having only 207 only a small piece of ikin, or coarse fluff, wrapped about their waists; and the poor Hottentots who inhabit caffraria, daubed with grease and foot, and having their arms, legs, and neck wrapped round with the raw entrails of beafs, make a most despicable and nasty appearance. As to their Religion, they are chiefly Pagans and Muslims; and feme few, Christians, in Abyssinia. The Muslims possess Egypt, and all the Barbary coast; the southern and all the interior parts are Pagans. In Barbary, Nubia, and Egypt, the commodities are, rice, figs, raisins, oranges, lemons, citrons, almonds, pomegranates, olives, dates, senna, leathers, civet, sugar , and indico. In Negroland and Guinea, oftrich feathers, gold. durf, elephant's teeth, pepper; and slaves , which are purchased and transported to the Well India plantations ; a barbarous traffic between man and man! To the South, along the coast, the trade is in ambergrease, musk, civet, lemons, millet, pearls, gold duff, c. chiefly carried on by the Dutch and Portuguese. The inland countries are said to be full of lions, tigers, monkeys, rhinoceroffes, and crocodiles. The natives are very little known, for no travellers have been able to extend their inquiries so far; therefore several of the inland nations may be still reckoned 208 oned among the unknown and undiscovered parts of the world. Africa once contained several kingdoms and Rates, eminent for the liberal arts, for wealth and power, and the most extensive commerce . The kingdoms of Egypt and Ethiopia in particular, were much celebrated: and the rich and powerful state of Carthage, that once formidable rival to Rome itself, extended her commerce to every part of the then known world; even the British ihores were visited by her fleets; till Juba, who was king of Mauritania, but tributary to the republic of Carthage, unhappily called in the Romans; who, with the affiltance of the Mauritanians, subdued Carthage, .and by degrees all the neighbouring kingdoms and slates. Upon the decline of the Roman empire, in the fifth century, the north of Africa was overrun by the Vandals; and, about the seventh century, the Saracens made a sudden conquest of all the coasts of Egypt and Barbary. These were succeeded by the Turks and both being of the Mahometan religion, whose professors carried desolation with them wherever they came, the ruin of this once flourishing part of the world. was completed. Among the most celebrated men whom Africa has produced are, Tertullian, Cyprian, Julius Africanus, Arnobius, la&antius, Vietor Uticenfis, and St, Austin, all bishops of the church. The warriors 'of 209 of greatefr same were, Hamilcar and his three sons Hannibal, Afdrubal, and Mago. Terence and Apuleius are the only poets whos( names have descended to posterity with undifputec applause. SECTION LXXXV OF BARBARY. BARBARY lies all along the coasts of the Mediterranean and the Mountains of Atlas, quite to Egypt; and is divided into the countries of i. Morocco and Fez 3. Tunis 2. Algiers 4. Tripoli and Barca. I. The Empire of morocco, including Fez, is co miles long and 480 broad. The chief towns are, Morocco, Mequinez, and Fez. Morocco is the capital of the kingdom, but Me quinez is esteemed the great emporium of all Barbary; and the emperors now make it their place oi residence, Sallee is a port that was formerly famous for the piracies of its inhabitants. Ceuta and Oran, on this coast, are two towns