year 1783. SECTION XCII OF BRITISH AMERICA, M EW BRITAIN is the northern part of Amen 'rica, and is a country of such immense extent, that we can let no bounds to it. It includes 230 I the tract of land lying round Hudson's Bay.; iz. Labrador, New North and South Wales;, hich are extremely barren, and intensely cold, lough part of these territories lie in the latitude of 2 degrees. We have no settlements here; but there are four iorts, which. belong to an exclusive company : hey are situated on the west fide of the bay, for he purpose of trading with the Indians for skins ind furs, and for fifling; the principal of them is, Port Nelson. The knowledge of there northern seas and countries , was owing to a project started in England for the discovery of a north west passage to China and the Eafi Indies , as early as the year 1576. Since that time it has been frequently dropped, and as often revived, but never yet completed. The most northern parts of America contain the laids round Baffin's Bay, the coaits of Greenland, and some islands; but few of them are inhabited, or even in any degree known. Greenland has been already mentioned for its whale fishery. An immense trat of the western coast: of North America was discovered by Capt. Cook, and may be added to the Britifi dominions in this quarter of the CANADA 237 CANADA is situated on the south of New Britaii, and is about eight hundred miles long, and two hundred broad. This country was conquered from the French, and confirmed to Britain at the general treaty of peace, in the year 1763. The European inhabitants, being descended from the French, are of the Romish religion, and have a biflop of that persuasion appointed by his Britannic Majesty. The principal towns are, Quebec, on the river St. Lawrence; and Montreal, on an island in the same river. In this country are the immense lakes before mentioned; the largerf of which, called Lake Superior, is of prodigious extent; being 500 leagues in circuit, and containing several large islands. These lakes communicate with each other, and are navigable to any vessels, except near that stupendous cataract called the Falls of Niagara. The stream here is near a mile wide, where the rock crosses it in the form of a half moon. The perpendicular height is one hundred and forty six feet, and the noise is often heard at the distance of fifteen miles. In Canada the winters are extremely severe, and the summers very hot, yet pleasant. It abounds in various sorts of animals, birds, and fish. The chief exports are peltry, genfang, snake root, and wheat. nova 238 NOVA SCOTIA lies on the east of Canada, be ween the river St. Lawrence and the Atlantic )cean; and is about 350 miles long, and 250 road. The chief towns are, Halifax, and Annapolis. Here, as well as in Canada, are very large forests; he timber is extremely proper for shipbuilding; nd produces pitch and tar, which are the principal irticles of commerce . The native Indians of this country are called Souriquois. SECTION XCIV OF SPANISH AMERICA. OLD mexico, or NEW SPAIN, is a large and rich country , the most southern part of North America, and almost surrounded by seas on every fide, except the north, where it is bounded by New Mexico. It is about 2000 miles long, and 800 miles at the broadens part; but towards the Isthmus of Darien it ia extremely narrow. The chief towns are, Mexico, the capital, situated about the middle of the country . Ia Vera Cruz, on the gulf of Mexico; Acapulco 239 Acapulco, on the South Sea, from whence fail every year two rich galleons, called Spanish Regiser ships , to the East Indies . One of these ships was taken by the English admiral, Lord anf6n, in 1744, having a rich cargo in specie, and other valuable effecs on board, estimated at one million and six hniidred thousand pounds sterling. Mexico, lying for the most part within the torrid zone, is excessively hot. It is rather more abundant in fruits than in grain. The principal commodities here arc, gold and silver in abundance, cochineal, and cocoa; from which nut, chocolate is made. The present inhabitants may be divided into Whites, Indians, and Negroes . The Whites are either born in Spain, or they are Creoles; that is, natives of Spanish America, descended from the Spaniards. The Indians, notwithstanding the de varfations of the first invaders, remain in great numbers. The Negroes have been already mentioned. The civil government is administered by tribunals, called Audiences; in which courts the viceroy of the king of Spain presides. The inhabitants and government are nearly the same in all the Spanish dominions. The conquest of Mexico, by Fernandez Cortez, has been already related. New 210 NEW MEXICO lies on the north of Old Mexicok its chief city is, Santa Fe. This is a country of immense extent, and but very little known to us. CALIFORNIA is a peninsula contiguous to New Mexico, on the western coast; of which we know but little. It was discovered by Cortez; after which our famous navigator, Sir Francis Drake, took possession of it, in 1578; and his right was confirmed by the chief of the country . This title, however, Great Britain has not hitherto attempted to vindicate, though California is admirably situated for trade , and on its coast has a pearl fifhery of great value. LOUISIANA is a country of prodigious extent, firetching from the Apalachian Mountains to New Mexico; and from Florida up to the lakes of Canada, and parts unknown. 'The capital is, New Orleans, situated on the liver Miflilippi. Louisiana, so called from Louis the Fourteenth, was discovered by the French, in 1633; but has been since ceded to the Spaniards. It is extremely well watered, and the air very healthy; it produces wax, timber, pitch and tar, indico, tobacco, drugs, and an