of day become less welcome, was it not 'for. the pleasing vicissitude vicissitude of night. Is it then reasonable to despise a part of the .creation, for contributing towards the beauty of the whole? You will, I hope, Madam, excuse this unnecessary digression; but : I have experienced such unshaken affecaion from these poor creatures, and have at the same time been so frequently witness to the cruelty and oppression which are daily exercised on them, that I could not refrain from entering with warmth on a subjea .in which my feelings have: : so often wounded. Many of .the negroes had grown old in my father's service; and though their lives had passed with labour, gentleness and kind treatment had rendered : the toil light. I could not endure endure the thought, therefore, of dooming their age to the iron hand of tyranny , to whatsoever poverty I might myself be reduced. Thus resolved, I assembled them together; and, to the best of my remembrance, spoke to them in the following manner. MY HONEST FRIENDS, You see it has pleased heaven C to deprive me of that .affluence of which I was formerly possessed: you have all been faithful and affectionate; ' and many of you have spent your youth up in my own or my fa' ' service. Assure yourselves, then, - that I do not confider it the least 'of my sorrows, that fortune has not ' left it in my power. to render your age age peaceful and independent, as your youth has been faithful and ' industrious. But that God, whom '.you have been taught to adore, ' will befriend you, if you continue '.to. serve him with humility, with 'patience, and with resignation. Do ', not however imagine,. I conjure you, ' that I mean to doom you to foreign '. slavery ;. no, my friends, you are 'from this moment free. ' Liberty is all your poor mistress has ' to bestow on you; all file has now left to ( recompense you for your faithful ser' ' It is impossible to describe the es feet this address produced on the negroes ; not a .dry eye was seen among them: so far from being elated with the freedom offered them, they seemed desirous desirous of rusting again into slavery , that I might reap the benefit arising from the sale of them. This firiking instance of their gratitude served only to confirm me in my resolution; so that, after bedewing my hand with their tears, they all departed, except one negro girl, who threw herself at my feet, with the most lively expression of grief, entreating me to kill her rather than discard her; declaring, that she preferred death to that of being separated from me. I could not withstand this mark of her affetion, more particularly as my Theodore, whom .you now see the companion of my misfortunes, was then an infant, and my weak state of health rendered me incapable of paying him that unremitted attention his tender tender years required. With this girl I retired to a small abode, in a distant part of the island, and resigned myself wholly to the care of Providence; the money I had raised on the plantation before mentioned, being now very nigh exhausted. On the evening of the second day after my arrival, I perceived the negroes I had discharged advancing towards my new habitation. They had been at work on some plantations ; and were approaching, to share with me the fruits of their honest industry. At first I absolutely rejected their generous offer; but, finding that my refusal sensibly .afflited them, I consented to accept a third part of the money they offered. From this day they constantly per silted sifted in devoting to me the above portion of their wages, accompanied with such evident'marks of fatisfacion, that my acceptance of their services seemed to afford them the highest pleasure they were capable of enjoying. In this solitude I remained twelve years; during which time I "made frequent inquiries after my husband, writing repeatedly to several of my father's correspondents in America; but could not gain the least intelligence concerning him. I continued, therefore, entirely. supported by the affectionate negroes , by whose affitance I was supplied, not only with the necerffries, but, I may add, even with the conmfrts of life. This slate of dependance was, however, to an ingenuous mind, painful and humiliating; tniliating; but I had, alas! no other resource! My chief employment and delight twas that of cultivating and improving those talents and virtues with which heaven had endued my beloved son: for his sake, I once more courted the sciences and the Muses, from whom sorrow had long estranged me. My days were thus gliding on, whetr I became acquainted with a gentleman, named Seamore: he had forrmerly been a captain in the navy, and had spent his youth in the Service of his country ; but finding that the upstarts' of an hour too frequently bore off the well earned prize fror the hardy veteran, he resolved no more to hazard the dangers of the deep, but to forget the toils of war in the VOL. II N serene serene joys of domestic life. With this intention, and the hopes of improving a moderate fortune, he purchased a large plantation in the island; to which he retired with his daughter, the fair Juliana. This gentleman was acquainted with my unhappy flory by one of my negroes , employed on his plantation : he expressed an earnest desire to see me; which being related to me, the negro with my permission conducted him one evening, accompanied with his daughter, to our obscure retreat. Juliana appeared to.be about sixteen Tears of age. Her sature was below the middle height, but finely proportioned; her features were delicate; and, as the poet beautifully says of Lavinia, " The modest virtues mingled in her.eyes." On On their entrance fle entreated me, with an air of peculiar sweetness, to pardon that