elevated station is frequently expose d I dare say you did not think there were so many curiosities at the bottom of the sea, nor should we ever have known it, but by. the invention of ilips, - which was a very i cub' rious and useful contrivance. Fine china, muffins, calicoes, spices, 'and other articles, are' brought from the East Indies in ibips, which carry back in exchange what' or 'own country . produces'; they' also c6dvey td: Etig' land vast quantities 'df tea, 'which: is a plant that grows in the East Indies in great abundance; the leaves of it are dried upon plates of metal heated; this rnakes'them curl; then' they are packed in boxes 'and canisters, and tent to difereht'parts of' Qth orld; : Bui'a' good basin 'of milk, ' or tea' nade from herbs, which' our own gardens supply, air, in my E 2'' opiniofs [rlco ] opinion,, greatly preferable, and much more whoipefome for us. : its .the Weft.indies we get sugar , which is produced by boiling the juice of a particular sort of plant called a sugarcane; the inhabitants have large plantations of it, which bring them in a great deal of money; but the poor negroes , who are employed to work in the plantations , undergo severe hardships. Negroes are black people; many persons in England, you know, have them for servants. Abroad they toil like horses, and are frequently much worse used, which is a very barbarous thing, for they are men as well as their matters, though they be of that black colour; but how much does it pain me to tell you that this inhuman commerce , which puts these poor. creatures into such a dreadsud iituation, is carried on by Englihimen, and even authorised by our, own laws. .Frot. Spain we get oranges, lemons, nuts, almonds, figs, and raisins, (which last are dried grapes.;) from Lilbon the same, and, betides those articles, a great, deal of wine. If there were.lefs of !hat i, .wquld be better; 'for many people drink so much of it as to hurt their contlitutions. Would they make it a rule to drink only when they were thirsty or Y ~~~8 weary, '. : rort weary, and leave off drihking 'aikyoinasbfsy were refreiffed; they 'iwould p'ilrve 1 their healths; and might perhaps live 'ffiaiyears longer. ' I could mention 'tnei pr ition' of osier countries , butitdd : ot' int~ei4 : to: if.; ave!i oui d the globe with you. I' Ifhtl only ttll'ytd tthat there. are many things: valuable arid, i: orth observation in every part: of the world and; those which you have no opportunity of, see -- ing, you; may. read of in books; which ill' give you much better. accounts of them. than IL am. able to do.. You find,, my dears, whiat great use hips are of, ' but how Shall I make you understand the nature of a voage;, I willtaie you both to Mr. Wilson's, where you will see a model of a ship ;. that is,. a little thiingmade exactly. like one, only considerably less, as you will. judge by the figpres which present the sailors. Mr. Wilson will explain the miafts, fairs, ropes,. and other parts, whtci I am totally unacquainted with. When a voyage isto. be. taien, the liip is fir[t perfectly'repaired, if it be not a new.one,, so. that. it: may effe&iualy keep out the '.water,. E, 3, aa^e 102- 3 and Tnot, fink.. The .fails and mafrs must be in exact orders strong, tight,; and whole, that they may be able to tand the force of the winds; then they lay in a great quantity of biscuits, as, bread would soon ge.t.mouldy; several calks o freh: wafer,, for that in the sea is very nauseous; fome.barrels of salt beef and pork, because they cannot get fresh meat, when they launch out into the wide ocean, and leave the fields and' meadows behind them. They carry as much garden stuff too as they conveniently can; when it is gone, they are obliged to make shift without, till they land somewhere to get a fresh supply. A ship which goes on a trading voyage , besides a flock of provisions, takes in her cargo ; that is, the goods which the owner proposes to sell in foreign countries ; such as wool, watches, hardware, I mean knives, fciffars, various kinds of tools, and numerous articles, which other nations are glad to purchase from England, because they are made better here. Every ship requires a certain number of men, some more some less, according to the size of the vessel; for there is always a great deal of work for them to do, especially in stormy. weather. One time all - -; ' ', - t h e [ i03 ] the sails nrufr be spread in order to ieceive the wind, at other times all muit be furled, or taken in, to prevent the vessel's being overset by violent squalls of winds. They have large iron things on board called anchors, with very great ropes, or cables, which are tied to them, and fastened to the vessel, and when they want to keep the slip in a particular place, they cast them into the sea, where they can reach the bottom, and they slick into the ground and fasten, so as often to.pre serve the ship from being lost. Somebody on board is obliged frequently to keep letting down a line with a large leaden plummet that they may know the depth of the water. A man stands at the helm, with a compass before him the helm furns the rudder, by which means he can steer the ship to any point of the compass he pleases, according to the directions he receives from the officer who commands the watch. When the vessel is perfectly fitted, and'. ready for her voyage , the captain is impatient to be gone, and keeps himself and all his jolly tars in readiness to sail with the