who follow him: and the earth is drawn about the hills with a hoe. CHARLES. I fancy agriculture is nor so well understood flood in the Indies , as it is in Europe: or they would make use of the plough in these operations; as it would perform the work both more expeditiously, and in a completer manner, than can be done by the hand. What length of time, and what multitudes of hands, would it occupy, to hoe up all the land in England, that is to be rowed with corn every season. MR. HARCOURT. Horses are very scarce in the West in dies especially, and almost all laborious operations are performed by the hands of negro flares. AUGUSTA. Are those countries inhabited by negroes ? I undertfood that they were the natives of Africa . MR. HARCOURT. You were rightly informed, my dear, they are indeed natives of Africa , but snatched from their own country , friends, and connecions, by the hand of violence, P 3 and and power. I am ashamed to confers that many ships are annually sent from different parts of England, particularly Bristol and Liverpool, to the coast of Guinea, to pro. cure slaves from that unhappy country , for the use of our West india islands, where they are sold to the planters of fu. gar plantations , in an open market like cattle, and afterwards employed in the moa laborious and servile occupations, and pass the rest of their lives in an involuntary and wretched slavery . SOPHIA. How much my heart feels for them! How terrible must it be, to be separated from one's near relations! Parents perhaps divided from their children for ever; hus. bands from their wives; brothers and fillers obliged to take an eternal farevel. Why do the kings of the African slates susser their fubjets to be so cruelly treated? MRS. MRS. HARCOURT. Many causes have operated to induce the African princes to become afliflants in this infamous traffic, and instead of being the defenders of their harmless people, they have frequently betrayed them to their cruellest enemies. The Europeans have found the means of corrupting thefeignorant rulers, with bribes of rum, and other spirituous liquors, of which they are immo. derately fond. At other times they have fomented jealousies, and excited wars between them, merely for the sake of obtain. ing the prisoners of war for slaves . Frequently they use no ceremony, but go on shore in the night, set fire to a neighbouring village, and seize upon all the unhappy vitims, who run out to escape the flames. CECILIA. What hardened hearts mufi the captains of those ships have. They muff have become come extremely cruel, before they would undertake such an employment. MRS. HARCOURT. It is much to be feared that moult of them, by the habits of such a life, are be. come deaf to the voice of pity; but we must compassionate the situation of those, whose parents have early bred them to this prpfeffion, before they were of an age to choose a different employment. But to re. fume the subject of the negroes . wvhat I have related, is only the beginning of their sorrows. When they are put on board the ships , they are crowded together in the hold, where many of them motlly die from want of air and room. There have been frequent instances of their throwing themselves into the sea, when they could find an opportunity, and seeking a refuge from their misfortunes in death. As soon as they arive in the West indies , they are carried to a public market, where they are sold to the belt bidder, like horses at our fairs. fairs. Their future lot depends much upon the disposition of the master, into whose hands they happen to fall, for among the overseers of fugar plantations , there are some men of feeling and humanity ; but too generally their treatment is very severe. Accustomed to an inactive indolent life, in the luxurious and plentiful country of Africa , they find great hardihip from the transition, to a life of severe labour without any mixture of indulgence to soften it. Deprived of hope of amending their condition, by any course of condut they can pursue, they frequently abandon themselves to despair, and die, in what is called the seasoning, which is becoming inured by length of time to their situation. Those who have less sensibility and stronger con fitutions, survive their complicated misery buta few years: for it is generally acknow iedged that they seldom attain the fullperiod cf hunan life. AUGUSTA. AUGUSTA. Humanity Ihudders atyoar account; but I have heard a gentleman, that had lived many years abroad, say, that negroes were not much superior to the brutes, and that they were so stupid and stubborn, that no. thing but firipes and severity could have any influence over them. MK. HARCOURT. That gentleman was most probably in. terested in misleading those with whom he conversed. People who argue in that man. ner, do not confider the disadvantages the poor negroes ufffer from want of cultivation. Leading an ignorant savage life in their own country , they can have acquired no previous information: and when they fall into the hands of their cruel oppressors alife of laborious servitude, which scarcely affords them sufficient time for sleep, de prives them of every opportunity of improving their minds. There is no reason to suppose that they differ from us in any thlin; th; ng but colour, .which diftinaion arises from the intense heat of their climate. There have been instances of a fes, wvhofe fitualion has been favourable to improvement, that have flewn no inferiority of capacity: and those masters, who neglef the religious and moral in firuation of their slaves , add a heavy load of guilt to that already incurred, by their hare in llis unjuf and inhuman traffic. CHARLES. My indignation arises at this recital. Why does not the Britifl parliament exert its power, to avenge the wrongs of there opprcffed Africans? lwhat can