the tree, which is done by a pulping mill; the pulp and the bean (in its parchment skin or membrane which encloses it) fall promiscuously together; the whole is then waffed in wire sieves, in order to separate the pulp from the seeds; the latter are then spread open in the fun to dry. After this follows the operation of grinding off the parchment kin, which covers the bean, and is left after the pulp is removed. When it appears sufficiently bruised, it is taken out of the trough, and put to the fan, which clears the coffee from the chaff, and the seeds remaining maining unground, are separated by sieves, and returned to the mill, which finishes the proeefs. MRS. HARCOURT. The coffee berries are generally roasted before we use them. They are put into a tin cylindrical box, full of holes: through the middle of which runs a spit; beneath this machine is placed a semicircular hearth, in which is lighted a large charcoal fire: by help of a jack the spit turns swiftly, and in that manner roasts the berries equal, y. When the oil rises, and is become of a dark brown colour, it is emptied into two receivers, the bottoms of which are iron plates: then the coffee is shaken and left, till almost cold; and if it looks bright and oily, it is a sign it is wvell done; Sophia, you are doubtless acquainted with the manner of boiling it for use. SOPHIA. Take a sufficient quantity of the berries for the present purpose, and grind them to a fine a fine powder in an iron coffee mill. In. fuse this powder in a suitable proportion of boiling water, let this infusion just boil again, and stand till it is clear, and pour it off for use; the addition of cream and sugar heightens and improves the flavour, CECILIA. The Turks are remarkably fond of coffee; they flavour it with cloves, or es fence of ambergris; and so essential do they deem it to their comfort, that it is one of the neceifaries, with which a Turk is obliged to furnish his wife. MR. HARCOURT. Avarice has invented many fubflitutes for coffee; peas, beans, rye, and barley, when roasted, yield an oily matter, resembling it in a degree, but much inferior in strength and flavour. AUGUSTA. Many other things are sent to this country from the West indies , betides' sugar , coffee, and chocolate. CHARLES. CHARLES. Ginger is produced there in abundance: there are three species; the first, which is the common ginger, is cultivated for sale in moll of the islands in America; but is a native of the Eaft indies , and' also of some parts of the West indies , where it is found growing naturally without culture. The dried roots of this fort'furnifh a considerable export from the Britilh colonies in America. The only diltinaion between the black and 'the white ginger consists in the different modes of curing the roots. The black is rendered fit for preservation by means of boiling water, and the white by exposing it to the fun; as it is necessary to select the fairell and soundest roots for this purpose, white ginger is commonly one third dearer than black in the market. MR. HARCOURT. This'root is planted much in the same manner as potatoes in Great Britain; bu is only fit for digging once a year, unle's for tlh the purpose of preserving it in syrup. In that cafe it muss be taken up at the end of three or four months, while its fibres are tender and full of sap. HENRY. Preserved ginger is a nice sweetmeat, I remember we had some of it at the entertainment given on. account of Sophia's birthday. MRS. HARCOURT. Most of the preserves,. that come from the West indies , are excellent, owing to the fineness of the sugar , of which they make the syrup, which, whilst it prevents the fruit from decaying, does not destroy its flavour, or colour. CHARLES. What are the principal commodities returned from England to the West indies , in exchange for the things we receive from thence? MR. HARCOURT. The manufacturers of Birmingham and VOL. II P Manchester, Mancheftei; the 'clothiers of Yorkflire; Gloucefterihire, and Wilts; the potters of Staffordthire; the proprietors of all the lead, copper and ironworks have a greater vent in the British Weft.indies for their re. fpeaive commodities than they themselves perhaps conceive to be possible. The export of the coarser woollens to the torrid zone, for the use of the negroes , is prodi. gious; even fugaritfelf, the great naple of the West indies , is frequently returned them in a refined state, and thus furnishes an article of commerce in a double way. MRS. HARCOURT. Commerce and traffic, either between nations or individuals, may be divided into two great articles; under one of which all the rftma) be claifed, viz, the raw mate. rial, or natural substances, before they are changed or transformed by the inventions of art, such as corn, wool, iron, c, and the various producions of nature,, wrought and altered into innunmrable compositions, by the the industry and ingenuity of man. The globe, which we inhabit, may be compare ed to a vast Itorehoufe, Where an infinite variety of raw materials are laid up ready for the exercife of invention and diligence. Few things in their natural. slate are adapt. ed to our use, though scarcely the meanest is void of utility, when compounded with other fibftances, or transformed by the ac. tion of fire, or changed by chemical pro, cesses, or wrought by manual labour: a convincing proof that a life of sloth and inactivity is not faited to our nature, and that no rank, however exalted, is exempt from labour. The vegetable, mineral, and animal kingdoms equally contribute to furnish matter for us to work upon. You may remember that the clear,; transparent, beautiful ware, we call glass, is formed only of sand and ashes; and you