hue, Lifted her hateful head. Defiroying Fiend with visage grave, And hypocritic mien; Falsely pretending souls to save, Thou'ft spread thy horrid reign; Through' Asia's realms, and Europe's coast; And sacrifices dire, Of saints, whose bodies were thy boast, Evince thy hellish fire. But souls angelic foar'd above, Thy utmost rage and jests [ 57 3 In agonising flames, their love To Chriaf was manifest; c"angels and men in them beheld, "A truly glorious fight: " Yea, heavens High King their minds upheld, He filled their souls with light: With hallowed praises to his name, For which they suffered pains; Their names enrolled in christian fame, Eternal bliss their gains. C I Cor. ch. 4. V 9. ' ip A R. T IV . 1 I 2 CONTENTS. PROSPECT of religion in that part of India wherein British Commrlcef oulifjes c- -- men divinely illuminated engage in inflrutting the Inbabitanis of dark Countries , true faith will jfread in Asia and Africa an exultation at this profpeti and earnfl wish that Sovereigns may rest on the peace reftillingfrom this work refitetions onfoome liled Heovic Kings their mourn fiduflilsoqfy in the awful hour of Death the great enefits righte cus Sovereigns may impart to Barbarous Countries , whose Inhabitants word Ie bound by gratitude to ajffj them (when their labour is required,) without being fubjeeted io Slavery the Authors blief that thus the Africas might be wooed from their Country It aff.il the Britons c. where their.labours were neceiary her knowledge of the dipofitions of he Negroes , and theirfufceptibility of Religious impreffi ns a4wijh that Britain's King may be excited to promote their civilization, andhaat theirprejudices againf Christianity, which have been raifedby the condur of the Slave Traders , 4 may be remov'dthrough the example of true Chrifians going amongll them a wartm .ldrefs to Sovereigns to fop the wicked Slave Trade &c the Chapter concludes with the Authors preditaing the extefin of Chrij's Kingdom, and paraplraji:, g several Scripture Texts suited t the purppfi. P A R T IV SECT. I W HHITHER has ftray'd my feeble mui Intent on Christian same? As faithful history clearly shows, The discord and the shame; These hdrrid scenes of death and pain; Which chriftenidoi o'erfpread, Had brought upon the Christian name; I'll call her back to tread More pleasing paths, and brighter views; To open and incite, The Christian potentates: to chus', The path, to glory bright. But turning firre to Asia's land, By Europe's sons long trod: We'll take a prospect and demand, Why India' kiows not God? Here I would be understood, that the inhabitants have nob a clear perception of God. [ 64 ] There commerce spreads her speckled wilns, Intent on earthly gain; From thence th'advent'rous Merchant brings, Much treasure over the main, But how does piety increase, In that benighted clime? Does wisdom with our commerce biers, And teach Christ's Law sublime? Had those who trade on this dark shore, But walked as Christians ought; The Indians who a God adore, Though' not yet fully taught, * Erenow, had fpy'd the riling fun, And' through its light posiess'd, The kowledge, that salvation's come, Through Christ the saviour blessed. But wickedness and pleasures gay Are ranked in splendour's traii; * They own one invisible supreme God, and pay adoration to him; although' they alfopay an inferior adoration to lome of his cratures. [ 65 3 Where worldly riches does difplayi Its glitter false and vain. While thus professing Christian faith Europa's sons employed In Vice, and tread ambition's path, The Christian work's denied. Can Indians own the Christian name More wicked it appears, Than the profession, and the same, A pious Indian bears! How does the fcrip'lous * Bramins iea|l And Gentoo's silent prayers, Condemn professing Christians' wheel Of conduct base? which bars, The way to knowledge pure and bright, Which gloriously doth shine, K * The Bramins praalice great austerities; and the Gentoos, (mofilv if not wholly,) perform their devotiol s to the supreme God in silence: supposing him capable of understanding theif wvants without expressing them verbally. [ 66 ] In men obedient to the light Of Christ, (or grace) divine. When men illumined thus shall bend, There steps to distant shores; Bound to promote the noble end, Of teaching Jesu's powers: T'inftrut and purify the soul, And fit it to reside With God; man power will not control, True faith from spreading wide. Then afia's realms wherein first shone, The Christian's glorious light; Again shall hail its radient fun, and in its warmth delight. Then Afric's sultry thirsty plains, Unknowing heavenly good, Shall watered be by Gospel rains Which, rising to a flood; Will make them fruitful in those works, Which every fate exalt; [ 67 ] And even the dark misguided Turks, In paths of light will walk! Who can the rising profpeet scan, Of this illuft'rous day, Whithout exulting in the plan? And oh! may Christians pray, For God to touch the hearts of Kings, And cause them to reflet; On this most noble work which brings, True peace in retrofpe&. S E C T. II Ah! what in death's important hour Will it to Kings avail, Who swayed the sword in dreaded power, And by it did prevail? When, while their footsteps marked with blood, And rapine in their train; Their arms vitorious; yet they've flood, Jus monuments of flame. K 2 [ 63- ] These Heroes bold, but boldly base, May then lament and cry, ' Aly boafred exploits now I trace, "Vith an enlightened eye. Guilt and remorse my soul assit, For clearly I descry; That princely power will not protect, From him who sits on high, In righteous judgement dread enthroned, Who'll surely vengeance take, On all who have his power disowned: And cast them in the lake, Where kings unjust and fubjess vile, Together must endure, That keen remorse which will recoil, On spirits most impure, it' Oh for the rocks and mountains then, "On mighty men to fall; " And shelter