am willing to allow, that much of your eulo giumon the constitution of England is just; and that it is so good, that it ought to be better. If we see an individual who has a thousand good qualities that excite our esteem and admiration, and yet know he has two or three failings that render all his virtues of little avail, we very naturally say, what pity pity that this man, who is so brave, so sensible, so humane , should, by a strange in. confifency of charater, be so corrupt, so easily led away by objecs unworthy of him so warped by prejudice, so blind to his own intereft and thus it is with all the affaris of life, perhaps; that any degree of perfection makes us regret that the object in which it exists is not perse. Of this nature is the regret I feel in re. guard to my country i would have our boat of her excellence juft i would not have it the mere cant which we have learned by rote, and repeat by habit; though, when we venture to think about it, we know that it is vanity and prejudice, and not truth, when we speak of its won. derful perfecion; and that even those who are its most decided partisans, are continually betrayed into an acknowledgement of its defeas. -- Boswell, in his life of Johnson says, that " in the British parliament , any question, however unreasonable or unjust, may be carried by a venal mna jority." this is acknowledged truth 5 and and it follows, that while the means of corruption exlft to an extent so immense, there must be a venal majority; and, of coulfe, every question, however ruinous, vrill be carried . while this is the cafe, and while every attempt to remedy this original ji! of the contfitution is opposed (though the necessity of that remedy has been al. louied by the greatest statesmen of our country ) while every proposal to make it really V hat it is only nominally, raises a cry as if the subversion of the whole empire was intended - I cannot agree to unlimited praife though most certainly willing to allow to you, that a greater portion of happiness is diffused among the fubjecs of the British government, than among any other people upon earth; but this rather proves that their condition is very wretched, than that ours is perfectly happy. carried on a little in the same way, was the argument that I heard not long since, against the abolition of the detestable Slave Trade I was pleading for it with a member of parliament , who has an ejfate in the wejt Vol. III Indies , Indi : s, and who has been there himse!f, some years ago, when he commanded a man of war i talked warmly (for I had just been reading the reports of the committee) and I talked from my heart., M adversary, well hackneyed in the ways of men, treated all I could say as the ill. digealed speculation of a hot head enthu. fiafl, who knew nothing of the matter. "You are young, Mr. Desmond," said he, " very young, and have but little con. fidered the importance of this trade to the prosperity of the British nation ; besides, give me leave to tell you, that you know nothing of the condition of the negroes neither, nor of their nature they are not fit to be treated otherwise than as slaves , for they have not the same senses and feeling as we have a negro fellow minds a flogging so little, that he will go to a dance at night, or at least the next day, after a hearty application of the cat they have no understanding to qualify them for any rank in society above slaves ; and, indeed, are not to be called men they., are mon. kies.' kies." monkeys! Sir!" exclaimed I, " that is, indeed, a most extraordinary assertion. Monkeys!! believe, indeed, they are a very diftin: race from the European -- So also is the firaight haired and fine formed Aiatic so are the red men of North America but where, amid this varictyy, does the man end, and the monkey begin? lam afraid if we follow whither this en, quiry will lead us, that we shall find ourselves more degraded than even by the whimsical system of Lord monboddo. lf the negro , however, is a monkey, let me hazard one remark that their very near affinity to us, is too clearly ascertained by the alliances we have formed with them; nay, I have even heard that captains of our ships of war, have often professed that they prefer the fable nymphs of Africa to the fairer dames of Europe" " pale unripened beauties of the North." " And, if I recollea aright, Sir, I have formerly, in moments of unguarded conviviality, heard you say, that when you were a young man, and in the sea service, you You had yourself indulged this partiality for these monkey ladies." This parried, a little, the round assertion that negroes were not men; but he still in. sifted upon it that they had little or no fcciing; it was not, however, very difficult to prove, as far as proof can on fnch a Foint be brought, that their physical and moral sensibility is more acute than ours., I will not lengthen my letter by repeating these proofs, because I am persuaded you are not disposed to dispute them; but go on to say, that after I had carried almost every article against him, my adversary was compelled to take shelter under such an argument as yours." Perhaps," said he, " the negroes are fometimes beat, but not half so much as our soldiers are the punishment inflited on soldiers is infinitely more severe." "f Does not that, Sir," said I, " rather prove that our military puniihments are inhuman, than that the negroes havenothing to complain of?" : .....