by Titus Vespasian, a great Roman General, after a long siege, and was burnt and totally demolished Anno Domini 70. Which caused the Jews to be a dispersed people: and proves, that as they disdained to accept the promised Messiah, they mufl and will remain fugitives on earth! Lady Mary. I hope, my dear Mentoria, you have not quite finished, I feel nyfelf so interested in these there Geographical traits; more particularly when you mix them with those of history. . Mentoria. I should be happy to expatiate on the sub jee, but I must be under the necessity at present , of turning my thoughts to Africa , which is a Peninsula, and is joined to Asia by the Isthmus of Suez. It's situation is between 18 degrees West , and 50 East Longitude, and between 37 North, and 35 South Latitude, and is bounded by the Mediterranean Sea on the North; the Isthmus of Suez, the Red Sea, and the Indian Ocean on the East; and by the Atlantic Ocean on the West ; and the Southern Ocean on the South. Lord Georg; C Is Africa as big as Europe, my dear Mentoria? Mentoria. It is nearly as large again, and is computed to be 14, 4o0 miles in circumference. It is divided into the following countries , Barbary, Zaara, Egypt, Negroland, Guinea, Abyssinia, Abex, Nubia, Zangucbar, Anian, Monomo topa, Monomugi, Congo, and Cafraria. Lady 3i'a1y. What are the principal Islands in Africa ? Alenloria. Mentoria. madagaccar, which also bears the. name of St. Lawrence; the Cape de Verd Islands; the Canaries; Madeira; the Guinea Isles; and the Islands of St. Helena, and Ascension; with some inconsiderable ones in the Ethiopic Sea. Lord George. Which are the most famous Rivers? Mentoria. The Nile in Nubia and Egypt; the river Senegal, called Niger, of which the Gambia is only a part. Lady Mary. Pray, my good Mentoria, inform us of the different places most worthy of attention? Mentoria. The metropolis of Barbary is Fez, besides which there are the republics of Algiers, Tripoli, Tunis, and Barca. Zaara, the ancient Numidia. Negroland and Guinea, consist of six parts: Negroland, Guinea, Loango, Congo, Benguela, and Mataman. Abyssinia with Nubia, and the coast of Abex, is an extensive country , and has Egypt on the North. Zan guebar and Anian is a barren desert inhabited by the Arabs. Cafraria is the country where the Hottentots live, near the Cape of Good Hope, Hope, whose manners are proverbially brutal. Monomotopa joins to Cafraria, and is an inland trading country ; Monomugi is in the vicinage of Monomotopa, and of no great note. Egypt, the most diflinguiihed African nation , has Grand Cairo for it's capital. Alex. andria, and Thebes, also, were once objects of admiration and wonder. Lord George. What are the most remarkable Mountains? Mentoria. The Lybian Mount near Egypt; and Mount Atlas, situated between Biledulgerid and Barbary, from which the Atlantic Ocean derives it's name; the Mountain of the Moon in Ethiopia; and a hill of an amazing height in Teneriffe, one of the Canary Ifands. Lady Mary. Was it not in Egypt the Children of Israel suffered such hardships? Mentoria. Yes: the Pyramids are supposed, by folne, to have been built by them, whilst in bondage , to serve as Mausoleums for the Egyptian Kings. Lady Mary. Is Africa a desirable situation, and are the inhabitants polished in their manners? Mentoria. Mentoria. It is a country that abounds with deserts, and for the greater part is of an unfavourable climate; the natives also are less civilised in their manners, than most other parts of the Globe. Lady Louiza. Are not poor Negroes sold in Africa ? Mlentoria. Yes, the slave trade , as it is usually called, is tranfa&ted in Negroland, chiefly on the coals of Guinea; a kind of commerce which is repugnant to human nature, and an unjufiifiable infringement on the privileges granted by Providence to every class of rational creatures: it must therefore be allowed to be a heinous crime to deprive a human being of that liberty , which the most ferocious beaf, or meanest reptile enjoy. We must now leave Africa , and take an imaginary trip over the Atlantic Ocean, which will conduct us to America. Lord George. I am impatient to hear the particulars of that part of the World, as at present it is an universal topic of conversation. Mentoria. America (or the New World, as it is usually called) reaches from the North Pole to the 57th 57th degree of South Latitude; it confifis of two large Continents, and is bounded to the North by unknown parts; and to the South, by the South Sea; Eastward by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the West by the Pacific Ocean. The Continents or Peninsulas already mentioned, are diftinguiihed from their situations by the names of North and South America: which are joined by Mexico, that forms an Isthmus near 1, 500 miles in length, yet at Darien the passage is so narrow, the communication between the Oceans is easily effeced. Lord George. From the account you have given of the dimensions of the Isthmus, I suppose the extent of America is very great. Mentoria. It is about 8, ooo miles in length, and is an amazing traa of land; it is also naturally the befl provided with the comforts and conveniences of life, of any part of the Globe, and has peculiar advantages, refpeaing communication with other places; as it is beyond comr pare better supplied with water than any other spot in the known World. North America contains the following Provinces, the Floridas, Georgia, Carolina, distinguished by the names of North and South, according to the the refpefive situations, Virginia, Maryland, Penfylvania, the Jerseys, New York, New England, Nova Scotia, Canada, Efkimaux or New Britain. Lord George. What are the chief towns of the Provinces juit mentioned? Aentoria. The capital of East Florida, is St. Augustine; of West Florida, Pensacola; Georgia, capital Savannah; North Carolina, Wilmington; South Carolina, capital Charles Town, now the city of Charleflon;