work in our Plantations of Sugar , are Negroes , Black slaves altogether, who are transported thither in this Manner. Those who want Slaves , make a Bargain with a Malter, or a Captain of a Ship , and contract to pay him so much apiece, a Matter of twenty Pound a Head, for as many as he agrees for, and to pay for 'em when they fiall be delivered on such a Plantation : So that when there arrives a Ship laden with Slaves , they who have so con traaed, go aboard, and receive their Number by Lot; and perhaps in one Lot that may be for ten, there may happen to be three or four Men, the rest Women and Children. Or be there more or less of either Sex, you are obliged to be contented with your Lot. Coramantien, a Country of Blacks so called, was one of those Places in which they ey found the most advantageous Trading rthefe Slaves , and thither moult of our - eat Traders in that Merchandise traf k; for that Nation is very warlike and ave: and having a continual Campaign, ig always in Hostility with one neigh ring Prince or other, they had the fore to take a great many Captives: for they took in Battle were sold as Slaves ; least those common Men who could not nibm themselves. Of there Slaves so en, the General only has all the ofit; and of these Generals our Cap. ns and Masters of Ships buy all their eights. The King of Coramantien was of himself an of an hundred and odd Years old, d had no Son, though' he had many beauti I Black Wives: for most certainly there e Beauties that can charm of that Cor. In his younger Years he had had any gallant Men to his Sons, thirteen whom died in Battle, conquering when y fell; and he had only left him for Successor, one grand child, Son to eos these dead Vitors, who, as soon he could bear a Bow in his Hand, and Quiver at his Back, was sent into the eld, to be trained up by one of the oldeit enerals to War; where, from his natu I Inclination to Arms, and the Occa ns given him, with the good Conduct of of the old General,. he became, at the A of seventeen, one of the mpft expert Ca tains, and bravest Soldiers that ever fa the Field of Mars: so that he was ador' as the Wonder of all that World, and Darling of the Soldiers. Besides, he w adorned with a native Beauty, so tranfcen ing all those of his gloomy Race, that struck an Awe and Reverence, even in those' that knew not his Quality; as he d into me, who beheld him with Surpri and Wonder, when afterwards he arriv in our World. He had scarce arrived at his feve teenth Year, when, fighting by his Sid the' General was killed with an Arrow his Eye, which the Prince Oroonoko (o so was this gallant Moor called) very n rowly avoided; nor had he, if the Gen ral who saw the Arrow shot, and pc ceiving it aimed at the Prince, had n bowed his Head between, on Purpofet receive it in his own Body , rather than mhould touch that of the prince, and saved him. 'Twas then, afflited as Oroonoko wa that be was proclaimed General in t old Man's Place : and then it was, the finishing of that War, which had C tined for two Years, that the Prin came to Court, where he had hardly be a Month together, from the Time of si h Year to that of seventeen: ard 'twas azing to imagine where it was he rn'd so much Humanity ; or to give Accomplishments a juster Name, where as he got that real Greatness of Soul, ofe refined Notions of true Honour, that solute Generosity, and that Softness, at was capable of the highest Pafiions Love and Gallantry, whose Objects re almost continually fighting Men, or ofe mangled or dead, who heard no unds but those of War and Groans. me Part of it we may attribute to the re of a Frenchman of Wit and Learn who finding it turn to a very good ccount to be a sort of Royal Tutor to is young Black , and perceiving him ry ready, apt, and quick of Apprehen n, took a great Pleasure to teach him orals, Language and Science; and was it extremely beloved and valued by. Another Reason was, he loved when came from War, to see all the engli/h ntlemen that traded thither; and did only learn their Language, but that of Spaniard also, with whom he traded rwards for Slaves . have often seen and converted with sgreat Man, and been a Witness to ny of his mighty Actions; and do re my Reader, the most illustrious urts could not have produced a braver OL. I. E Man, Man, both for Greatness of Courage a Mind, a Judgement more solid, at more quick, and a Conversation m: sweet and diverting. He knew almost much as if he had read much: He h heard of and admired the Romans: Hel heard of the late Civil Wars in Engla and the deplorable Death of our gr Monarch; and would discourse of it wi all the Sense and Abhorrence of the justice imaginable. 'He had an extre good and gracefil Mien, and all the CI lity of a well-bred Great Man. He h nothing of Barbarity in his Nature, b in all Points addressed himself as if Education had been in some Euros Court. This great and just character of Oroo ko gave me an extreme Curiosity to him, especially when I knew he fpo French and Englih, and that I could ta with him. But though' I had heard so mu of him, I was as greatly surprised wh I saw him, as if I had heard nothing him; so