Arrows on their Thighs; and mot ha Feathers on their Heads of diverse Colour They cried Amora T'iguamy to us, at o Entrance, and were pleased we said much to them wtheyfeated us, and gay us Drink of the best Sort, and wondered much as the others had done before, to us. Cefar was marvelling as much at th,. Eaces, wondering how they should be all.. wounded in War; he was impatient knowhow they all came by those fright Marks of Rage or Malice, rather th Wounds got in noble Battle: They tol us by our Interpreter, That when an War was waging, two Men, chosen o by some old Captain whose Fighting w pass, and who could only teach the Thea ry of War, were to fiand in Competiti for the Generalthip, or great War ca tain; and beinglbrought before the ol Judges Judges, now past Labour, they are asked, What they dare do, to show they are. worthy to lead an Army? When he who is first asked, making no Reply, cuts off his Nose, and throws it contemptibly on the Ground; and the other does fomeching to himself that he thinks surpasses him, and perhaps deprives himself of Lips and an Eye: So they flash on 'till one gives out, and many have died in this Debate. And it's by a passive Valour they show: and prove their Asivity.; a sort of Courage too brutal to be applauded by our Black Hero; nevertheless, he expressed his Esteem of 'em. In this Voyage Cefar begat so good an Understanding between the Indians and the engli/h, that there were no more Fears or heart burnings during our Stay, but we had a perse, open, and free Trade with 'em. Many Things remarkable, and wor hy reciting, we met with in this short Voyage ; because Cafar made it his Bufi less to search out and provide for our En ertainment, especially to please his dearly dor'd Imoinda, who was a Sharer in all our. Adventures; we being resolve to make er Chains as easy as we could, and to com liment the Prince in that Manner thatmoft blig'd him. As we were coming up again, we met ith some Indians of strange Afpets, that is, is, of a larger Size, and other sort of Sea. tarc*, than those of our Country . Our Indian'slaves, that rowd us, asked 'em some Questions; but they could not under. stand us, but showed us a long Cotton String, with several Knots on it, and told us, they had been coming from the Mountains so many Moons as there were Knots: they; were habited in Skins of a strange Beat, and brought along with 'em Bags of Gold duft; which, as well as they could give us to underhtand, came stream. ing in little small Channels down the high Mountains,. when. the Rains fell;, andof. seed to be the Convoy to anybody, or Persons, that would go to the Mountains, We carried these Men up to, Parbal, 'where they were kept 'till the Lord go vernor came, : And because all the Country was mad to be going on this Gold Adventure, the Governor, by his Letters commanded (for they sent some .of th Sold to himun) thar a Guard should be fe at the Mouth of the River of Amazons ( River so : callpd, almost as broad as the river of .Thames) and prohibited all Peop from going up that River, it condulin to those Mountains of Gold. But we go ihg ois: for England before the Projea w further prosecuted, and the Governor b ing drowned in a .Hurricane, either th dicfign iied, or the Dutch have the Adva ta tage of it: And 'tis to bemoaned what his Majesty loft: by losing that Part of dneica. ' Though thisdigreffon is a little from my Story, however, since it contains some Proofs of the Curiosity and Daring of this great Man, I was content to omit nothing of his Charater. It was thus for some Time we diverted him; but now Imoinda began to show (he was with Child, and did nothing but sigh and weep for the Captivity of her Lord, herrelf, and the Infant yet unborn; and believed, if 'it were so hard to gain the Liberty of two, 'twould be more difficult to get that for three. Her Griefs were So manydarts in the great Heart of Ctfar, and taking his Opportunity, one Sunday, when all the Whites were overtaken in Drink, as there were abundance of several Trades , and Slaves for four Years, that inhabited among the Negro Houses; and Sundaybe ing their Day of Debauch, (otherwise they were a sort of Spies upon Caesar) he went, pretending out of Goodness to 'em, ' 'o seat among 'em, and sent all his Music, and ordered a great Treat for the whole Gang, about three hundred Negroes , and about an hundred and fifty were able to bear Arms, such as they had, which were suffi cent to do Execution, with Spirits accordingly: For the Englth had none but .ruti Swords, Swords, that no Strength could draw from a Scabbard; except the People of particular Quality, who took Care to oil 'em, and keep 'em in good Order : The Guns also, unless here and there one, or those newly carried from England, would do no Good or Harm; fortis the Nature of that Country to rust and eat up Iron, or any Metals but Gold and Silver. And they are very expert at the Bow, which the Negroes and Indians are perfet Masters of. Cefar, having singled out these Men from the Women and Children, made an Harangue to 'em, of the Miseries and Ignominies of Slavery ; counting up all their Toils and Sufferings, under such Loads, Burdens and Drudgeries, as were fitter for Beasts than Men; senseless Brutes, than human Souls. He told 'em, it was not for Days, Months or Years, but for Eternity; there was no