a Year old, her Gown and Petticoat was made of a fine Silk. Don Medenta called to them in French, at which the Man looked up; and harlotta spoke in English to the Woman, lefiring desiring her to come up and speak to her; on which the Blackamoor pushed the Woman in, and returning no Answer, shut the Door upon himself and her. Don Medenta and the rest concluded, that they feared being discovered; so they all descended the Rock and. went to the Door, resolving to force it open if they could not gain Entrance otherwise, and remove their Fears by speaking gently to them, and acquainting them with their Distress. They knocked and called at the Door for some time; but hearing a Noise within, and no Answer, they broke open the Door with much Difficulty, and entering, went through' a narrow Passage in the Rock, so strait that but one Person could go abreast; at the End of which they came into some firange Rooms fashioned by Nature, though' cleansed of Moss and loose Stones by Labour: Into these Light entered by the Holes that were in tome Places open through' the top of the Rocks; but some part of the Caves, or Caverns (for they were scarce fit to be called Rooms) were very dark. In the biggef Room was a Lamp burning, and here they saw two Chests locked, and on a Shelf some Platters and Bowls'made of calibafm hells, with two or three wooden Spits; and some Sticks were burning in a Corner of the Room, in a Placemade with Stones piled round, and opening in the Front like a Furnace, on which flood a Pot, wherein something was boiling. There likewise hung up some Fishing tackle and a Gun with a powder horn, as also a Bow with a Quiver of Arrows. In. a place which was hut with a Door, like a Cupboard, food Bread and Flower, and on the Table (for there was a very odd one, and Stools, whicl seemed seemed to be of the Negro's own riaking) flood a Basket with forne clean Linen for a Child, and some Canvas cut out for Slaves Jackets and Drawers. In another Room they saw a Quilt and Coverlids lying on some Ruihes on the Floor; but they could find no living Creature, at which they were much amazed. They called, and spoke in the softest terms, desiring them to come forth, if hid there, promising to do them no harm; but in vain. At last they heard a Child cry, and following the Sound of the Voice, went through' a narrow turning on the Right Hand, which brought them to a Place where a Door was shut, before which lay a terrible Bear: Don Medenta, who was the foremost, carrying the, Lamp in one Hand, and his Sword in the other, being presently more apprehensive of Charlotta's Danger than his own, she being next behind him, ran at the Bear,, designing to kill it, if possible, before it could rise; but was flopped by the Sound of a human . Voice which came from that Beast, saying' ' Hea ' ven's Sake, spare my Life; and I'll do all you'll ' have me.' At these Words the Negro came out of the Bear's Skin , and threw himself at Medenta's Feet, who took him up; and Char: lotta bid him. fear nothing, they being Persons in Distress, that wanted his Affitance, and would pay him nobly for serving them, Then he opened the Door he had lain before in the Beast's Skin , and brought forth the young Woman and Child whbm Charlotta embraced, whilst the poor Creature wept for Joy to see, a Christian white Woman. And now they were all cheerful, and the Negro being told, that they wanted nothing but his Assistance, to carry one of them AE, ->. - to to any of the adjacent Islands that was inhabited to get them some Provisions, and hire a Vefiel .to carry them to the Island of St. Domingo, he. readily promised to do it: ' My Boat, says he, ' will carry no great Weight, being a frnall Ca' ' which I made myself; but it will carry 'me and one more, with some small Quantity .of Provisions.' And now they were all impatient to know how this beautiful Woman and black Man came to this Place; which they found he seemed not willing to declare whilst the Negro was present : and therefore Charlotta begged that ihe might accompany her whilst he brought the Boat round to the other fide of the Island, to take in one of the Sailors; not thinking it safe to trust Don /ledenta, or one of the Gentlemen with him, in so slight a Vessel. This the Negro did not seem to be pleased withal, but yet dared not refute it. He used to drag his Boat up out of the Water into a Cleft, where it was impossible to be seen. And now the : transported Woman, with her tauny Child, accompanied Charlotta to her Tent, and in the Way recounted her Story in these Words. M Y Name is Ifabinda: I am the Daughter of a Planter in Virginia, who has a great Plantation there, is extremely rich; and having no more Daughters than myself, bred me up in the belt manner, sending me to England for Education, from whence I returned at thirteen years old. I was courted by several, and by one in particular whom I liked, and my Father did not disapprove of; but it was my unhappy Fate to be miserably disappointed of all my Hopes. Amongst: a great many Negro , Slaves : *^!-^._ Slaves whom my Father had to work in our Plantation , he you saw was one, who appearing to be bred, above the rest, and more capable of being serviceable in the House, was taken into it. He was about twenty Years old, handsome and witty, could read