in this fiort Voyage ; because C -- fr made it his business to search out and provide Tor our Entertainment, especially to peas his dearly adored Iri iid. who was a sharer in all our Adventures; we being rclbflv'd to make her Chains as eafi as we could, and to complimentc the Prince in that manner that rmof obliged him. As we were comring up again, we met with some j.ld.z; is of strange afpecs; that is, of a larger size, and other sort of Fcatares, than those of our Country . Our I: I,; i; sl.vcss that rowed us, asked 'em some Quefiions; iutt they could not understand us, but fined us a long cctton String, with several Knots on it, and tela us, rt ey had been coming frmn the lioui: tains fp many Mioons as there were rkr.ots: the 'ere habited in Skins of a firange Beast, and brought along with 'em Bags of Gold Dust which, as well as they could give us to understand, derfand, came flreaming in little small Channels down the high Mountains, when the Rains fell; and offered to be the Convoy to anybody, or persons, that would go to the Mountains. We car ry'd these Men up to Parham, where they were kept till the Lord governor came: And because all the Country was mad to be going on this Golden Adventure, the Governor, by his Letters, commanded (for they lent some of the Gold to him) that a Guard should be set at the Mouth of the River of Ainazons (a River so called, almorf as broad as the River of Thames) and prohibited all People from going up that River, it conducing to those Mountains of Gold. But we going off' for England before the Project was further prosecuted, and the Governor being drowned in a Hurricane, either the Design died, or the Dtch have the advantage of it: And'tis to be bemoaned what his Majesty lost by losing that part of America. Though this Digrelffon is a little from my Story, however, since it contains some Proofs of the Curiosity and Daring of this great Man, I was content to omit nothing of his chara&er. It was thus for some time we diverted him; but now Imoinda began to (hew Ihe was with Child, and did nothing but sigh and weep for the Captivity of her Lord, herself, and the Infant yet unborn; and believed, if it were so hard to gain the liberty of two, 'twould be more difficult to get that for three. Her Griefs were so many Darts in the great Heart of Cair, and taking his opportunity, one Sunday, when all the Whites were overtaken in Drink, as there were abundance of several Trades , and Slaves for four Years, that inhabited among the Negro Houses; and Sunday being their Day of debauch, (otherwise they were a sort of Spies upon Cefar) he went, pretending out of goodness to 'em, to feast among'em, and lent all I 4 his his Music, and ordered a great Treat for the whole gang, about three hundred Negroes , and about an hundred and fifty were able to bear Arms, such as they had, which were fufccient to do execution mwith Spirits accordingly: For the e.gli; ij had none but ruf.y Swords, that no Strength could draw from a Scabbard; except the People of particular Quality, who took care to oil 'em, and keep 'cm in good order: The Guns alo, unless here and there one, or tlcofe newly carried from England, would do no good or harm; for 'tis the nature of that Country to rust and eat up iron, or any Metals but Geld and Silver. And they are very expert at the Bow, which the . Negroes and. Indians are perfec Mafrers of. Cassr, havin ingngled out 'these Men from the Women and Children, made an Harangue to 'em, of the Miseries and Ignominies of Slavery ; counting up all their Toils and Sufferings, under such Loads, Burdens and Drudgeries, as were fitter for Beanrs than Men; senseless Brutes, than human Souls. He told 'emr, it was not for Days, Alonths or Years, but for Eternity; there was no end to be of their Misfortunes: They suffered not like mien, who might find a Glory and Fortitude in Oppression; but like Dogs, that loved the Whip and Bell, and sawn'd the more they were beaten: That they had lost the divine Qnality of Men, and were become insensible Asses, fit only to bear: nay, worse; an Ass, or Dog, or Horse, having done his Duty, could lie down in'retreat, and rise to work again, and while he did his Duty, endured no Stiipes; but Men, vilianous, senseless Men, such as they, toiled on all the tedious Work till Bak Fridy : and the, whether they worked or not, whether they were faulty or meriting, they, Dromifcuoufny, the innocent with the guilty, sus' ' - _ -.. ....... fcr'd the infamous Whip, the sordid Stripes, from their Fellow slaves , till their Blood trickled from all Parts of their Body ; ' Blood, whose every Drop ought to be revenged with a Life of some of those Tyrants that impose it. And why (said hemy dear Friends and fellow fufferers, fljould lpe be Slaves to an inknoron People ?- Hiave 'they v'anquijved .ms nobly in Sight? Have they 'on. in Honourable Battle? And are we by the chase 'of' War becborme their Slaves ? This; would not anger a noble'heart; 'this'wbuld not'ani mate a Soldier's Sold :; no, 'but we are bought and sold like Apes or Monkeys, to be the [port of Women, Fools and Cowards; and'the Support of Rogues and Runagades, that have abandoned: their, own' Countries for' Rapine, afmurders, Theft and 'Yillaies.' Do you not hear every day how' tthey uipbraid each other witbl'infamy of Life, belorp the wildest Salvages .' 'And jiall we .render Obedience to .such a degenerite Race, who hive 'no 'one human Fertle left, to diftiignif, them