a native tive Justice, which knows no Fraud; and they understand no Vice, or Cunning, but when they are taught by the White Men. They have Plun rality of Wives; which, when they grow old, ' serve those that succeed 'em, who are young, but' with a Servitude easy and respected; and unless: they take Slaves in War, they have no other Attendants. Those on that Continent where I was, had no King; but the oldest War captain was obeyed with' great Resignation. A War captain is a Man who has led them on to Battle with Conduct and Success; of whom I shall have occasion to speak more hereafter, and of some other of their Customs and Manners, as they. fall' in my. way. With these People, as I said, we live in perse Tranquillity, and good Undercfanding, as it behoves us to do; they knowing all the places where to seek the best Food of the Country , and the means of getting it; and for very small and unvaluable Trifles, supply us with what 'tis impossible for us to get: for they do not only in the Woods, ' and over the Scvana's, in Hunting, supply the parts of Hounds, by swiftly scouring through those almost impassable Places, and by the mere a&ivity of their Feet run down the nimblest Deer, and other eatable Beasts; but in the Water, one would think they were Gods of the Rivers, or Fellow citizens of the deep; so rare an Art they have in swimming, diving, and almost living in Water; by which they command the less swift Inhabitants of the Floods. And then for ihooting, what they cannot take, or reach with their Hands, they do with Arrows; and have so admirable an Aim, that they will split almost an Hair, and at any distance that an Arrow can reach: they will Ihoot down Oranges, and other Fruit, and only touch the Stalk with with the Dart's Point, that they may not hurt the, Fruit. So that they being on all occasions very useful to us, we fnd it absolutely neeefary to ca refs'em as Friends, and not to treat 'em as Slaves ; nor dare we do other, their numbers so far furpaf sing ours in that Continent. Those then whom we make use of to work in our Plantations of Sugar , are negroes , Black slaves all together, who are transported thither in this manner. Those who want Slaves , make a Bargain with a Master, or a Captain of a Ship , and contract to pay him so much apiece, a matter of twenty Pound a head, for as many as he agrees for, and to pay for 'em when they shall be delivered on such a Plantation : So that when there arrives a Ship laden with Slaves , they who have so contracted, go a board, and receive their number by Lot; and perhaps in one Lot that may be for ten, there may happen to be three or four, Men, the rest Women and Children. Or be there more or less of either Sex, you are obliged to be. contented with your Lot. Coramantien, a Country of Blacks so called, was one of those Places in which they found the most advantageous Trading for there Slaves , and thither most of our great Traders in that Merchandise traffic; for that Nation is very warlike and brave: and having a continual Campaign, being always in hostility with one neighbouring Prince or other, they had the fortune to take a great many Captives: for all they took in Battle were sold as Slaves ; at least those common Men who could not ransom themselves. Of there Slaves so taken, the General only has all the Profit; and of there Geire rals our Captains and Matters of Ships buy all their Freights. The The King of Corainantien was himself a man..of. an hundred and odd.years old, and had no Son,, though he had many beautiful Black W: ives: for mos certainly there are Beauties that can chartn of that Colour. In his younger Years he had had many gallant Men to his Sons, thirteen of whom died in. Battle, conquering when they fell; and he had. only left him for his Succefibr, one grandchild.. to one of these dead vi&ors, who, as soon as he could bear a Bow in his Hand, and a Quiver at, his Back, was sent into the Field to be trained up by oneof the oldest Generals to War; where, from his natural Inclination to Arms, and the Occasions given, him, with the good Conduct of the old General, .he became, at. the Age of seventeen, one of the moult expert Captains, and bravest Soldiers that ever saw the Field of .Mars: so that, he. was adored as the wonder of all that World, and the Darling. of the Soldiers. Besides, he was adorned with a. native Beauty, so transcending all those of his gloomy Race, that he struck an Awe and Reverence, even into those that knew not his Quality; as he did into me, who beheld him with surprise and. wonder, when afterwards he arrived in our World. he had scarce arrived at his seventeenth Year, ' when, fighting by his fide, the General was killed with an Arrow in his Eye, which the Prince Oroo' iiloko (for so was this gallant Mloor called) very narrowly avoided; nor had he, if the General who; saw the Arrow Shot, and perceiving it aimed at the Prince, had notbow'd his Head between, on purpose to receive it in his own Body , rather than it should touch that of the Prince, and so saved him. 'Twas then, afflifed as Oroonoko was, that he was proclaimed General in the old Man's place: and then it was, at the finishing of that War, which had continued for two Years, that. the Prince came j \ to Court, where he had hardly been a Month together, from the time of his fifth Year to