as such wonders were performed in their country . Mentoria. Mentoria. It is a very natural conclusion for you to draw, but extraordinary as it may seem, the Christian Religion has suffered much by Ma hometanifm, which almost universally prevails in those parts; and the gross idolatry practised by the inhabitants of the most distinguished places in this quarter of the Globe; which has caused almost a total subversion of primitive and genuine Christianity. Lord George. In what part of Asia was our Saviour born? Mentoria. In Bethlehem of Judea: and in the neighbouring country he performed his miracles. He also preached the Gospel in Jerusalem, and places contiguous; and in those parts inftruted his Disciples, and was crucified on Mount Calvary. Lord George. Is Jerusalem a famous place now? Mentoria. As the Prophets had foretold, it was destroyed, and literally not one fione left upon another: it was subdued by Titus Vespasian, a great Roman General, after a long siege, and was was burnt and totally denmolifled Anno Do. mini 70. Which caused the Jews to bea dispersed people: and proves, that as they disdained to accept the promised Messiah, they must and will for a longer time remain fugitives on earth! Lady Mary. I hope, my dear Mentoria, you have not quite finished, I feel myself so interested in these Geographical traits; more particularly when you mix them with those of history. Mentoria. I should be happy to expatiate on the sub. jeet, but I mufl be under the necessity, at present , of turning my thoughts to Africa , which is a Peninsula, and is joined to Asia by the lflhmus of Suez. It's situation is between 18 degrees West , and 50 East Longitude, and between 37 North, and 35 South Latitude, and is bounded by the Mediterranean Sea on the North; the Isthmus of Suez, the Red Sea, and the Indian Ocean on the East; and by the Atlantic Ocean on the West ; and the Southern Ocean on the South. Lord George. Is Africa as big as Europe, my dearmentoria? Mntoria. Mentoria. It is nearly as large again, and is computed to be 14, 400 miles in circumference. It is divided into the following countries , Barbary, Zaara, Egypt, Negroland, Guinea, Abyssinia, Abex, Nubia, Zanguebar, Anian, Monomo topa, Monomugi, Congo, and Cafraria. Lady Mary. What are the principal Islands in Africa ? Mentoria. Madagascar, which also bears the name of St. Lawrence; the Capede Verd stands; the Canaries; Madeira; the Guinea Isles; and the Islands of St. Helena and Ascension; with some inconsiderable ones in the Ethiopic Sea. Lord George. Which are the most famous Rivers? mientoria. The Nile in Nubia and Egypt; the river Senegal, called Niger, of which the Gambia is only a part. Lady Mary. Pray, my good Mentoria, inform us of the different places moult worthy of attention? Mentoriza Mentoria. The metropolis of Barbary is Fez, besides which there are the republics of Algiers, Tripoli, Tunis, and Barca. Zaara, the ancient Nu. midia. Negroland and Guinea, consist of six parts: Negroland, Guinea, Loango, Congo, Benguela, and Mataman. Abyffiniawith Nubia, and the coast of Abex, is an extensive country , and has Egypt on the North. Zan. guebar and Anian is a barren desert inhabited by the Arabs. Cafraria is the country where the Hottentots live, near the Cape of Good Hope, whose manners are proverbially brutal. Monomotopa joins to Cafraria, and is an in. land trading country ; Monomugi is in the vicinage ot Monomotopa, and of no great note. Egypt, the mofi distinguished African nation , has Grand Cairo for its capital. Alexandria, and 'Thebes, also, were once objets of admiration and wonder. Lord George. What are the moll remarkable Mountains? Alentoria. The Lybian Mount near Egypt; and Mount Atlas, situated between Biledulgerid and Bar harv, from which the Atlantic Ocean derives its name; the Mountain ol the Moon in Ethiopia; and and a hill of an amazing height in Teneriffe, one of the Canary Islands. Lady Mary. Was it not in Egypt the Children of Israel suffered such hardships? Mentoria. Yes; the Pyramids are supposed, by some to have been built by them, whilst in bondage , to serve as Mausoleums for the Egyptian Kings. Lady Mary. Is Africa a desirable situation, and are the inhabitants polished in their manners? Mentoria. It is a country that abounds with deserts, and for the greater part is of an unfavourable climate; the natives also are less civilised in tleir manners, than most other parts of the Globe. Lady Louisa. Are not poor Negroes sold in Africa ? Mentoria. Yes; the slave trade , as it is usually called, is tranfaled in Negroland, chiefly on the coast of Guinea; a kind of commerce which is repugnant to human nature, and an tujuftifiable infringe infringement on the privileges granted by Providence to every class of rational creatures: it mull therefore be allowed to be a heinous crime to deprive a human being of that liberty , which the most ferocious beast, .or meanest reptile enjoy. We must now leave Africa , and take an imaginary trip over the Atlantic Ocean, which will conduct us to America. Lord George. I am impatient to hear the particulars of that part of the World, as at present it is ant universal topic of conversation. Mentoria. America (or the New World, as it is usually called) reaches from the North Pole to the 57th degree of South Latitude; it conifits of two large Continents, and is bounded to the North by unknown parts; and to the South, by the South Sea; Eastward by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the West by the Pacific Ocean. The Continents or Peninsulas already mentioned, are diflinguilhed from their situations by the names of North and South America: which are joined by Mexico, that forms an Isthmus near 1, 5oo miles in length, yet at Darien the passage is so narrow, the.communica tion between the Oceans is easily effeced. Lord Lord Ceorge. From the account you have given of the dimensions of the Isthmus, I suppose