Besides which, he observed fpheiical lamps an inch in diameter, in hhich were seen fivedifferent coloured rays, which t'ormed a kind of fiar. In 17o0, hail fell at Crembs, some of the floncs of which weitheul six pounds. Did. des Alerq. de la Nat. Tome I. mot Great. "Hail is a liindl of rain condensed and crystallised by 4' the cold, 'as it paltst through the middle region of the ' air, before it reaches the earth. -- Nicephorus calift " us reports, after the taking of Rome by Alaric, hail' ' tell in many places of eight pounds weight. In " 824, there fell near Autun, in Burgundy, among the " hail, pieces of ice, sixteen feet long, seven ride, and " two feet thick. In 1723, there were hail flones fell "' at Leicerer of five inches. In the famous form that " happened in Picardy, August, 1722, the leat hail that " sell accompanied with thunder and lightning, weighed " a pound, and the largell eight. Many of the stones "1 were forked, and pointed, cm. de Bomare# "' au mot Great. (23) " Edens, an English Traveller, relates, that ha" " as a Phyficia", rendered considerable services to '' the inhabitants of the Canary Islands, he obtained of "them the liberty to visit the Sepulchral Caverns i a fa' ' the) grant to no one, and which cannot be obtained aaainft their will, without life being exposed to "the greatest danger. They have an extreme veneration for the bodies of " their ancestors, and the curiosity of frangers is to them profanation -- These ca.es are places anciently dug "out of the rocks, or formed by nature. the corpse is ' fesed in goats fkins, with thongs of the same, and the '' eams ale so equal and close, as to become very admirable; but what afloniflhes nmol, is, that the bodies are " almost all entire; and in both lexes are equally sound " the eyes, (closed) the hair, ears, nose, lips, teeth, " and beard. -- One day, when the Author of this Ac" " was taking rabbits by a ferret, this little animal, "which" "had a bell round its neck, was lost in a burrow, ' and difappeated, without their being able to know how. ' One of the huntets, to u hom he belonged, seeking for "' him in the midll of rocks and brambles, discovered the ' entrance to a Sepulkhral Cave of the guanllies, he de" " c" "the account of the olh!ell of the Guanches may " be believed, there was a particular tribe amongst their " anellors, \hoknew the art of emalmtliliig, and prefer" " it as a facted myllerv. 'this tribe compored the ' Priesthood, and( did not intermarry with the others; " but after the conqleli of the island, m.oli of thelm were " defiroyed, andl their secret perified with them. Tra. " dilion has only taught us a part of the ingredients northeast "1 ceftary to Hat operation." Abrege de lip. Gen. dtc Vcj.tloie I. Per M. de la Harpe. Among the Ancients, the Egyptians, more than any others, praflifed embalming; and bodies have been preserved above two thousand years. In the breast of one of Ihefe corpse, a branch of rosemary was found, scarcely dried. This art has only been known in Europe during these latter ages; formerly the) made deep incifinns in the corpse, salted it, and enclosed it in a tanned ox's hide. -- Encclopedie. (14) The French called this tree Calebaffier, and its fruit baboon's bread. It grows at Senegal, antd : e natives call it Gooee, and its fruit Booee; it's teal nne is Boablb. Its first branches, which projet almoti horizontally, are commonly sixty stet long, ant its trunk about feventy.ei!ht feet round; though many Travellers have seen them larger. Ray says, that between the Niger and the Gambia, son: e have been measured so mon fireu,, that feverteen men, with extended arms, scarcely could embrace them. According to which, these trees mull be about eighty five feet in circumference. The Boabab, adds M. de Bomare, is probably the largest of known vegetables; though there are accounts, in the works of different naturalills, of well known trees so prodigious, as to be reckoned vegetable monfiers. Ray cites the account of travellers, who have seen a tree in b.rall Brazil xno set round; and there are still trees more marvellous, nmetitrned in the la'e Histories of China; one of which is in the province of Suchu, near tie town of Kian; it is called Lieunich, that is to say, the tree of a thousand yeals; anil is so v.fl, that one of its branches only will aflrd flihelir to co sheep. Another tree, in tle Province of Chtkianga, is nearly 400 feet in circumference. The Reference to the following Note should halve been it Page 71, but Iy accident 'as omitted. Tlhere is a serpent called the serpent of Damel, which is very common in that wefierly province of Africa . The Negroes , whlen bit, put powder on the wound, and apply lire; and if this operation is but a little wvhile deftrred, the poison gains ground, and death soon follows. -- The Sereres, a Negro nation , take and eat them. Some of them are fifteen, fume twenty feet long, and six inches in diameter. There are some green, others black spotted, and lgriped with beauteous colours. On the Slave coast, in the kingdoms ofjuida and Benin, all the Savages adore a kind of Serpent which they call the Fetiche. These serpents are very gentle, not'veno mous, and extremely fami!, ir. It is death to kill them. The Negroes look upon thtm as benevolent Gods, and have particular rites for them; though they defltoy, with great care, those Serpents hiich are poisonous, (25) " The French of Fort St. Louis had a Lioness, ' which they kept chained . The animal had a disease in the jaw, that seduced it to extremity;