the [tones of which weighed six pounds. Dist. des Merv. dela Nat. oame I. mot Grele. " Hail is a kind of rain condensed and chryftallized by the " cold, as it passes through the middle region of the air, " before it reaches the earth. -- - Nicephorus califtus re" " after the taking of Rome by Alaric, hail fones fell " in many places of eight pounds weight. In 824, there fell, " near Autun, in Burgundy, among the hail, pieces of ice, " siteen feet long, seven wide, and two feet thick -- In '1723, there were hail fones fell at Leicester of five inches. -- "In the famous ftorn that happened in Picardy, August, " 1722, the leal hail that fell, accompanied with thunder and "lightning, weighed a pound, and the largest eight. many " of' the tones were forked and pointed, &c." m. de Bo mnare, au iiatgrdle. (24) " Edens, an Englifl traveller, relates, that having " as a physician, rendered considerable services to the inhabi " tants of the Canary islands, he obtained of them the liberty a to visit the Sepulchral Caverns; a favour they grant to no "one, and which cannot be obtained, againr their will, " without life being exposed to the greater danger. .' They have an extreme veneration for the bodies of their " ancestors, and the curiosity of strangers is to them profa " nation . " nation . thefe caves are plaees anciently dug out of the " rocks, or formed by nature -- The corpse is sewed in goats" " with thongs of the same, and the seams are so equal u and clos, as to. become very admirable; but what afltoniihes ' moult, is, that the bodies are almuft all entire; and in both " fiees are equally found the eyes, (closed) the hair, ears, "nose,, lips, teeth, and beard" " day, when the author of this account was taiing ( rabbits by a ferret, this little animal, which had a bell round ' it's neck, w35 los in a burrow, and disappeared, without, their being able to know how. One of the hunters, to " whom he belonged, feekiig for him in the midst of rocks ': andbrambles, discovered the cntrane to a.fepulchral cave " of the Gaunches, he descended, c" " the account of the oldest of the Gaunches may be t believed, there was a particular tribe among their ancef C tors, who knew the art of embalming, and preserved it as " a sacred myftry. this tribe composed the priell hood, "and did not intermarry with the others; but, after the " conquest of the ifiand, mor of them. were .delroyed, and ' their feciet perished with them. Tradition' has only taught us a part of the ingredients nececfary to that operation." Artig de Hist. Gen. dis Voy Tome L par M. de la Harpe. Among the ancients, the Egyptians, more than any others, praceifed embalming; and bodies have been preserved abo.e two thousand year. In the breadl of one of there cp p.s., a branch of rosemary was found, frarcely dried. This art has only been known in Europe during these latter ages; formerly they made deep incifons in the corpc, salted it, and encldodigi a tannec ox's hide. esycjloedi.e. 5) Thc. J '. .~~~~~ (: 5) The French call this tree caleballier, and it's fruit baboon's bread. It grows in Senegal, and the natives call it gooee, and it's fruit booec; it's real name is boabab. It's first branches, which projec' almost horizontally, are corn monly sixty feet long, and it's trunk about seventy feet round; though many travellers have seen them larger. Ray says that, between the Niger and the Gambia, some have been nleafrned so monstrous that seventeen men, with extended arms, scarcely could. embrace them. According to which, there trees mull be about eighty ive feet in circumference. The boabab, adds M. de Bomare, is probably the larger of known vegetables; though there areaccounts, in the works of different naturalifll, of well known trees Co prodigious as to be reckoned vegetable monsters, Ray cites the account of travellers who have seen a tree, in Brazil, 20o feet round; and there are still trees mpre marvellous, mentioned in late histories of China; one of which is in the province of Suchu, near the town of Kian; it is called Sicunich, that is to say, the tree of a thoufahd years; aid is so vast that one f it's branches only will afford flelter to 200 hleep, Another tree, in the provinec of Chckianga,, Jis nearly 400 feet in circumference. (o6) There is a serpent, called tle Serpent of Damel, which s very common in the weflerly province of Africa .. The Negroes , when bitten, put powder on the wound, and apply re; and if this operation is but a.litie. while deferred, the oifon gains ground, and death Coon follows. -- - The So cres, a Negro nation , catch and eat them, Some of them re fifteen, some twenty feetlong, and six inches in diameter here are some green, others black , fpottedi and.ftripcd with cauteous colours. On the Slave coat, in the kingdoms of Juida and Benin, the Savages Mdorc a kind of fcrpcnt, which they call the Fetichc. Fetiche. These serpents are very gentle, not venomous, and extremely familiar. It is death to kill them. The Negroes look upon them as benevolent deities, and have particular rites for them; though they deihoy, with great care, those serpents which are poisonous. (z7) " The French of Fort St. Louis had a lioness, which "they kept chained . The animal bad a disease in the ja, " that reduced it to extremity; and the people of the fort , " taking off the chaics, threw the body into a neighbour. ing field. In this state it was found by M. Compagnon, " Author of the Voyage oi Bambuck, as he returned from / " the chase. The eyes were closed, the jaw open, and, "already,