Wolf, Seelen, Ic. See Diclionaire des Merveilles de la Nature, under the head Elsans pr4occs. We may likewise place Edward VI of England in the rank of celebrated children: he mounted the throne at nine years of age, and, at that times knew the Latin, Greek, French and Italian. Mary Queen. of Scotland, also, when isle was thirteen, publicly recited, at hle Louvre, in prefenee of Henry II Catherine de Medicis, and the whole court, a Latin discourse of her own composition, in which (he sustained, in contradiaion to the prejudice of tliofe times, says M. Gaillard, that women ought to be learned. She also wrote poetry in French, excellent for that age; and danced, sung, and played on several instruments. The history of the famous Picus Mirandula is generally lknown; and all the world has heard that Pascal was a fa Pnous mathematician, at twelve years old. E 5 that that these children are superior to ours; however, I only see one single prodigy among them, and that is he who could talk at ten months old; the others appear to me only children of extreme industry. It is true, replied the Abbe, that their chief me. Tit was that of incessant application, added to. great docility. I have attentively read the various cir. cumfiances of many of their lives, and I find that they all had an unbounded refpec, and an unalterable affection, toward their teachers, consequently, a sweetness of temper, and an entire obedience. But, said Cxfar, their prodigious memories Were the effecs neither of wit nor genius, but of qualities I have just described. A child always remembers those things which he liflens to with attention; a proof of which is, there never was an industrious child known whose memory was notremarkable. Make, therefore, a calculation, if you can, how much time is lost by impatience, ill humour, pettishness, and ill timed arguing to a mutinous and disobedient child. If he be made to begin again, instead of doubling his attention, and listening with submission, he is em. ployed in making idle and vexatious excuses: he is bid to b silent, perhaps, and, if he obeys, he pouts and murmurs inwardly, is absent, .and hears nothing tlha; that is said to him, because he is in his airs: thus is there a lesion entirely lost. But I hope, M. Fremont, you have not found me a mutinous and difobedienr boy? No, certainly, for you see I am fill your in ftru&or. Generally speaking, you are good tempered, fubrlffive, and induitrious; but you do not possess these qualities to an eminent degree; that is to say, you might be much superior to what you are. / I assure you, M. Fremont, I never felt Co. strong a degree of emulation as at present , from having heard how many celebrated children have ben found in all ages: and, since nothing more is necessary to become one than docility, application,. and a good heart, I am determined to be industrious, and am convinced you will, hereafter,. be satisfied with the progress I shall make. Caroline and Pulcheria made the like promises' to their mamma, and they went to bed exceedingly well satisfied with an evening productive of such. good resolutions.., The arrival of company , who came to pass rome days at Champcery, interrupted, for a while, their evening recreation; but, the very day they went,. the Baronnefs related the following story;. .E 6' THE THE S L A V E S; OR, THE BENEFIT REPAID. SNELLG RAVE was the captain of an English vessel, in the African slave trade , commendable for his humanity . Custom alone can authorise this commerce , offensive to nature, and not to be carried cn but at the utmost peril, since injufice and tyranny generally produce rebellion and despair. For this reason the Europeans are obliged to put the unhappy negroes they buy in chains , during the night, and most part of the day; notwithstanding which precaution, they often find means to unite, and conspire the defrurion of their mailers. Snellgrave bought many Negroes on the banks of the river Coilabar, among whom he observed a young woman seemingly overwhelmed with grief grief; affected by her tears, he, desired his interpreter to question her, and learned, she wept for an only child she had lost the evening before. She was taken on board the vessel, and, the very same day, Snellgrave received an invitation to visit the king of the diftrit. Snellgrave accepted the invitation, but knowing the ferocity of that people, he ordered ten of his tailors and the gun. ner to accompany him, well armed. He was con du&ted to some distance from the fbore, and found the king placed on an elevated seat under the shade of some trees. The assembly was numerous; a crowd of negro lords surrounded their king, and his guard, composed of about fifty men, armed with bows and arrows, the fabre at their fide, and the za gaye, in their hand, flood at some distance; the English, with muskets on their shoulders, remained opposite his black majesty. Snellgrave presented to the king some European trifles. As he was ending his harangue, he heard groans, at some little distance, that made him shudder, and, turning round, perceived a little negro tied by the leg to a flake stuck. in the ground. Two other negroes , of a hideous aspec, that flood by the fide of a hole dug in the earth, armed with hatchets, and clothed in an uncouth manner, seemed to guard the child; who looked at them weeping, weeping, with his little hands raised in a supplicating poature. The king, observing the emotion which this frange fpeaacle evidently caused in Snellgrave, thought to encourage him, by assuring him he had nothing to fear from the two negroes whom he looked at with so much surprise. It is only, said he, with great gravity, a child, whom we arc going to sacrifice to the god Egho for the prof