sacred mystery- -- tribe composed the priest" " and did not intermarry with the others; but, after " the conquest of the island, moult of them were delroyed, and their secret periihed with them.. Tradition has only "taught us a par of; the ingredients necessary to that " operation." Abregi da £ Hi j.. Gen. des Voy. Tome I. par M. de LI Harpe.. Among the ancients, the Egyptians, more than any others, prafcifed embalming; and bodies have been' preserved above two thousand years. In the breast of one of there corpse, a branch of rosemary was found, fcarceiy dried. This. art has only been known in. Europe during these latter ages; formerly they made deep incisions in the corpse, salted it, and enclosed it in atanned ox's hide. -- .- Eneldosedie,. -*~~~ ~(53) Th (is) The French call this iree calebaffier, and it's friit baboon's bread. It grows in Senegal, and the natives call it gooee, and it's fruit booee; it's real name is boa bab. It's first branches, which projea almost horizontally, are commonly sixty feet long, and it's tnnk about seventy eight feet round j tlfough many travellers have seen them larger. Ray says that, between the Niger and the Gambia;. some have been measured so monstrous that seventeen men,. with extended arms, scarcely could embrace them. According to which, these trees must be about eighty-five feet in circumference. - The babaab, adds M.' de Bomare, is probably the largest of known vegetables i though there are accounts, in the works of'diffrent naturalists, of well known trees so prodigious as to be reckoned vegetable imonfters. Ray cites the account of travellers who have seen a tree, in Brazil, xro feet round; and threre are till trees more marvellous, 'mentioned in late histories of China;, one of which is in the province of Suchu, near the town. of Kian; it is called Sieunich, that is to say, the tree of a thousand years; and is so watt that one of it's branches only will afford shelter to zoo sheep. Another tree, in the' province of chekianga, is nearly 400 feefin circumference. (26) There is a serpent, called the Serpent of Damel, which is very common in the westerly province of Africa . The Negroes , when bitten, put powder on the wound, and apply fire; and if this operation is but a little while deferred, the poison gains ground, and death soon follows. -- -- The Southeast reres, a Negro nation ; catch and eat them. Some of them are fifteen, some twenty feet long, and six inches in diameter. There are some green, others black , (potted, and stripel with beauteous colours. On the Slave coast in thekingdoms of Juida and Benin,. all the'savages adore a kind of felpent which they call the Fetiche. Fetiche. These serpents are very gentle, not venomous, and extremely familiar. It is death to kill them. The Negroes look upon them as benevolent deities, and have paiticular rites for them; though they destroy, with great care, those serpents which are poisonous. (z7) " The French of Fort St. Loujs had a lionefs, ' which they kept chained . The animal had a disease in " the jaw, that reduced it to extremity; and the people of the fort , taking off the chains , threw the body into a neighbouring field. In this state it was found by M. Compagnon, Author of the Voyage of Bambuck, as he returned from the chase. The eyes were closed, the jaw open, and, already, swarming with ants. Compagnon " took pity on the poor animal, warhed the gullet with water, and poured tome milk down the throat. The effcas of this fiuple remedy were wonderful. The lioneis was brought back to the fort , recovered by degrees, but, far from forgetting the service done her,. " took such an affetion for her benefalor that she would" "receive food oniy from him; and, when cured, followed "him about the iflmid, with a cord about her neck, like 0 the most famniiar dog. " A lion, having escaped from the menagerie of the " Great Duke of Tuscany, entered the city of Florence, "everywhere fpreajiing terror. Among the fugitives was " a wcman with a child in her arms, which lie let fall. " The lion seized, and seemed ready ta devour it, when. "the mother, tranfrorted by the tender affetions of nature, ran back, threw herself before the lion, and by her C gefeures demanded her child. The lion looked at her " fte: dfalflv; her cries and tears seemed to asset him, till, " It lat, he lid the child down without doing it the leaftin jury. "jury. -- .mirery and despair, then, have expressions intel" " to ihe moft.favagemonfters; but what is yet more " to be admired, is the resistless and sublime emotion which "can make a mother offer herself a prey to? ferocious " animal, before which all fly: that lots of reason , so "' superior to reason's self, which can impel a despairing woman to recur to the pity of a beast breathing only " death and carnage. This is the inffin&t of supreme grief, " which always would persuade itself it is not possible to. " remain inflexible to it's feelings; " Abrege, c. par M. de la Harpe, 'Toro. I. " It is very certain, says M. de Buffon, that the lion,. " when taken young, and brought up among domestic ani. " mals, may easily be brought to live, and even play harm"' "' among them; that he is gentle to his masters, careffre " them, especially in the former part of life, and that " though his natural ferocity may sometimes break forth, "it seldom is turned against those who do him good, ' I might cte a number of particular fats, in which, I " own, Ihave found some exaggeration; but which are sus" " eftablilhed to prove, at least by their union, that 4 his anger is noble, his courage magnanimous, and his.