twelve men in all: the court and guard of the African Prince were altogether above a hundred; but compassion and humanity would not susser Snellgrave to confider all he had to fear from the number and ferocity of the Barbarians; let us save this wretched child, my lads, said he, turning towards his crew; come, follow me. So saying, he ran to the little negro , and the Englif, all animated by the same feelings, as hastily followed. The negroes , at feeing this, yelled dismally, and fell tumultuously upon the Englih; Snellgrave presented his pistol, and, feeing the king draw back, demanded to be heard. The king, with a single word, calmed the fury of the negroes , who stopped, and remained in active * while Snellgrave, by means of his interpreter, explained the motives of his condut, and ended, by by entreating the king to' sell him the vifimn. The proposition was accepted, and Snellgrave was determined not to dispute about price. Happily,. however, for him, the Negro king wanted neither gold nor silver, was ignorant of pearls and diamonds, and, thinking he would be sure to ask enough, demanded a necklace of blue glass beads, which was instantly given. Snellgrave then, immediately, flew to the inno cent little creature he had snatched from death, and drew his cutlass to divide the chord by which its legs were tied. The frightened child thought Snellgrave was going to kill him, and gave a shriek: but Snellgrave took him in his arms with transport, and preiled him to his bosom. As soon as the child's fears were removed, he fmriled and caressed his deliverer; who, fall of. delicious sensations, and penetrated with tenderness, took leave of the king, and returned to his ship . When he came on board, he saw the young negroess whom he had bought in the morning; fie was ill, and sat weeping beside the surgeon, who, not able to persuade her to eat, obliged her to remain in the open air for fear the should faint again. The moment Snel'grave and his people passed by her, she turned her head, and, perceiving the little negro in the arms of a tailor, shrieked, rose, rose, and ran to the child, who knew its mother, called to her, and held out its arms. She clasped her infant to her bosom every fatal refolu: ion the had formed, her loss of liberty , the dreadful ills she had suffered, her projects of despair, all were forgotten she was a mother, and had found her lost child. She learned, however, from the interpreter, every circumftpace of Snellgrave's behaviour; then, still holding her infant in her arms, she ran and threw herfelfat her benefacsor's feet. Now it is, said she, that I am truly your slave ; this night was to have delivered me from bondage ; I held you a tyrant, but you have given me more than life, you have given me back my son; you are become my father; henceforth be assured of my obedience; this infant is a dear and certain pledge. While the woman spoke with all the warmth and energy of the most impassioned gratitude, the interpreter explained her discourse to Sriellgrave, who could not receive a sweeter reward for his humanity ; which, nevertheless, was productive of other good effels. He had no more than three hundred slaves on board, to whom the young negroess related her adventure; this having heard, after expressing their admiration by redoubled plaudits, they promised unlounded submission; and, in es fed, fecq, Snellgrave, during the rest of the voyage found in them all the refpea anil obedience a father could receive from his children (a). Such is the power of gratitude and virtue over the most ferocious savages; what, then, among us, should be the irresistible force of this means, so sweet, and so sure to subjugate all hearts? This short story, my children, may likewise serve to confirm a truth which cannot too often be repeated: and that is, that virtuous acions are always conducive to personal interest. Of what species, Cxefar, said Madame de Cle mire, is the action of Snellgrave? Is it heroic? Heioic! i think not. But I will examine it accodiing to the rules you gave. Well, let us see if you remember those rules; fepeat them. An heroic ation must be useful, exposing the performer of it to great danger; or it mutt be a sacrifice of fame and interest, and liable to incur contempt. exaetly so; let us return to Snellgrave, he was exposed to great danger. Less great than may be thought; it is true the English were but twelve, and the negroes were a hundred, but the most ferocious savages are (a) Abrege de l'hifoire Generale des Voyages , Tom III page 39. always always the most cowardly. The English, too, all had muskets; and there is no doubt, had the combat once begun, the barbarians would soon have taken to flight. The danger, therefore, was not very great, you think. It seem, to me that Snellgrave would have been contempti: .'e had he suffered them to murder the child, having the power to hinder them; consequently, though it was a good, it was not a heroic action. Very well reasoned ; but do you not bring his first generous emotions into the account, which, independent of all reflection, made him fly to succour the child? They were so impetuous that, I am well persuaded, they would have made Snell grave brave the motl dreadful dangers. In sac, however, the a was not heroic, it was prescribed by humanity , but the first emotions that inspired it were sublime. The flory you have told us, grandmamma, said Caroline, is charming, but it is too short. 'Well, my children, replied the Baronnefs, I will tell you another then. Cafar has proved the action of Snellgrave was not heroic, let us hear what he will think of the followng. The virtuous Duke of Bourbon served as an holage to king John, and