des Merveilles de la Nature, under the head Enzfan: Pricoces. We may likewise place Edward vi.of England in the rank of celebrated children: he mounted the throne at nine years of age, and, at that time, 'knew the Latin, Greek, French and Italian. Mary Queen of Scotland, also, when file was thirteen, publicly recited, at the Louvre, in prefenceof Henry ii.catherine de Medicis, and the wholecourt, a Latin discourse of her own composition, in which she sustained, in contradition to the prejudice of those times, says ii. Gaillard, that worsen ought to be learned. She also wrote poetry in French, excellent for that age; and danced, fling, and played on several inftru mrents. Thehiftory of the famous Picus Mirandula is generally known; and all the world has heard that Pascal was a famous mathernatician, at twelve years old. E 5 that that there children are superior to ours; however, I only see one single prodigy among them, and that is he who could talk at ten months old; the others appear to me only children of extreme industry. It is true, replied the Abbe, that their chief merit was that of incessant application, added to great docility. I have attentively read the various cir cumitances of many of their lives, and I find that they all had an unbounded respect, and an unalterable affeaion, toward their teachers, consequently, a sweetness of temper, and an entire obedience. But, said Caear, their prodigious memories Were the effeas neither of wit nor genius, but of qualities I have just described. A child always remembers those things which he listens to with attention; a proof of which is, there never was an industrious child known whose memory was not remarkable. Make, therefore, a calculation, if you can, how much time is lost by impatience, ill humour, pettishness, and ill timed arguing to a mutinous and disobedient child. If he be made to begin again, instead of doubling his attention, and listening with submission, he is employed in making idle and vexatious excuses; he is bid to be silent, perhaps, and, if he obeys, he pouts and murmurs inwardly, is absent, and hears nothing that that is said to him, because he is in his airs: thus is there a. lesson entirely lost. But I hope, M. Fremont, you have not found me a mutinous and disobedient boy? No, certainly, for you see I am still your in fiructor. Generally speaking, youare good tempered, fubniiffive, and industrious; but you do not possess there qualities to an eminent degee; that is to say, you might be much superior to what you are. I allure you, M. Fremont, I never felt so strong a degree of emulation as at present , from having heard how many celebrated children have been found in all ages: and, since nothing more is necessary to become one than docility, application, and a good heart, I am determined to be industrious, and am convinced you will, hereafter, be satisfied with the progress I shall make. Caroline and Pulcheria made the like promises to their mamma, and they went to bed exceedingly well satisfied with an evening productive of such good resolutions. The arrival of company , who came to pass rome days at Champcery, interrupted, for a while, their evening recreation; but, the very day they went, the Baronnefs relhted the following story: THE THE SLAVES ; OR, THE BENEFIT REPAID. N E L L G R A V E was the captain of aneng lih vessel, in the African slave traide, commendable for his humanity . Custom alone can authorise this commerce , offensive to nature, and not to be carried on but at the utmost peril, since injustice and tyranny generally produce rebellion and despair. For this reason the Europeans are obliged to put the unhappy Negroes they buy in chains , during the night, and most part of the day; notwithstanding which precaution, they often find means to unite, and conspire the deftruaion of their mailers. Snellgrave bought many Negroes on the banks of the river Collabar, among whom he observed a young woman seemingly overwhelmed with grief; N grief; affeeted by her tears, he desired his interpreter to question her, and learned, fle wept for an only child f(h had lob the evening before. She was taken on board the vessel, and, the very same day, Snellgrave received an invitation to visit the king of the diftriet. Snellgrave accepted, the invitation, but, knowing the ferocity of that people, heordered ten of his sailors and the gunner to accompany him, well armed. He was conducted to rome distance from the shore, and found the king placed on an elevated seat under the shade of some trees. The afembly was ilumerous; a crowd of negro lords surrounded their king, and his guard, comnpoed of about fifty men, armed, with bows and arrows, the fabre at their fide, and the za gaye in their hand, flood at foine distance; the English, with muskets on their shoulders, remained opposite his black majesty. Snellgrave presented to the king some European: trifles. As he was ending his harangue, he heard groans, at tomne little distance, that made him ihud der, 'and, turning round, perceived a little negro tied by the leg to a stake stuck in the ground. Two other negroes , of a hideous aspe6t, that stood by the fide of a hole dug in the earth, armed with hatchets, and clothed in an uncouth manner, seemed to guard the child; who looked at them weeping, weeping, with his little hands raised in a supplicating poiture. The king, observing the emotion which this strange fpeetacle evidently caused in Snellgrave, thought to encourage him, by assuring him he had nothing to fear from the two negroes whom he looked at with so much surprise. It is only, said he, with great gravity, a child, whom we are going to sacrifice to the god Egho for the prosperity of the kingdom. This intelligence made Snellgrave tremble with horror; the English were only