use are made of the upper shell of the amphibious tortoise, or turtle. thefe frequent the sandy beach of the sea in the West Indies , where they conceal their eggs; and those which escape the various animals that live upon them, are hatched by the heat of the fun. the eggs resemble a firing of little balls, covered with something like leather; and the instant the young turtles escape from from their confinement, they use their sins to run into the sea; where other enemies, as fish and birds, wait to devour them; so that out of the great number of eggs, which sometimes amount to many hundreds, deposited by a tingle turtle, not one in ten attains the size which renders them an object to an epicure. Henrietta. And how are they caught, mamma? Mrs. Woodfield. When they go on shore to lay their eggs, the negroes , who know the places they frequent, go down to the shore, and, intercepting their flight to the sea, turn them, after which they have no power to use their sins, but remain a defenceless prey, till the persons have collected as many as they can. another way of taking them, is by firiking them with an instrument called a harpoon, as they float on the water. The air in these tropical regions gions is so much clearer than in Europe, at least so much more so than the air of England, that objeas at a great distance are seen more difintly than here; and the same difference is cbferved in regard to the sea obje6ls are seen many fathom under water with a clearness, such as most limpid fireams hardly allow us. Caroline. Yes, and so those sharks are seen, of which one has heard such frightful stories, particularly one recited in a poem I was reading this morning. Mrs. Woodfield. You mean that of Bryan and Percene, by a Doctor Grainger. it is not in my mind an happy subjet for a poem; it is too horrible and disgusting. Henrietta. What are iharks? Mrs. Woodfield. Verylarge and frightful fish, which devour not only other fish, but men. they are most frequent in the tropical seas, but are sometimes seen seen in the Bay of Biscay; and small ones have been taken even in the Channel. thefe hideous monsters follow the ships which we send to Guinea to convey slaves to our colonies; for of these unhappy men, women, and children, a great number die on their passage , and are thrown into the Tea. Caroline. And what right have we to do this? It is flocking even to think of it. Mrs. Woodfield. To your young and generous nature it appears so, as it must indeed to every unadulterated mind but there are persons who undertake to plead for it, on various grounds first, on that of custom; which is an argument that might equally be brought forward to support any abuse or wickedness: then on necessity; as if God had created one race of men, with necessities which could not be relieved but by the blood and tears of another. Then, Then, it is said, that the negroes are happier, as slaves to Europeans, than they are in their own country . this remains to be proved; and we can certainly never prove it. i have converted with persons who have been present at negro tales, and they have assured me, that so far from feeling themselves happier, these miserable victims of commercial avarice exhibit the most affecing symptoms of despondence and anguish. Henrietta. But, mamma, why are they black ? Mrs. Woodlfeld. I can give you no other reason , than that it has pleated God to make them so; as it was his pleasure to make us white. another race of men in North America are of a copper colour; and the Asiatics, within certain degrees of the line, are of another Thade of yellow. Caroline. Pedro, my cousin Rivers's servant, whom he brought with him 5 from from the East Indies , is an Asiatic, is he not? Mrs. Woodfield. Yes, you remember he is not black like Mimbah, nor fair like English people, but of a tawny complexion, with strait coarse black hair; he came from Bengal: but in the northern parts of the Continent of Asia, which is a part of China, the Chinese and Tartars become fair, yet fill with a particular cast of countenance. Elizabeth. But Hottentots are black . Mrs. Woodfield. Hottentots are Africans. The Cape of Good Hope is in africa and the natives differ little from the negroes we are accustomed to see. Elizabeth. Some of the flowers I have seen in hothouses, come from these places; that delicious Cape Jasmine, and manyothers. how charming the country mull be, where such lovely plants grow wild! Mrs, Mrs. wioodfield, We are apt to fancy so, because we cultivate there plants here with difficulty, and value them in proportion to the trouble they give us but the Hottentot, who perhaps passes by them as frequently as we do by the black berry and the briar, has not, I believe, the reputation of loving perfumes, and undoubtedly, with the most perfect indifference, makes the little fire he has occasion for, with the wood of plants, which we purchase here at a great expense, and hardly contrive to preserve in a languid existence by the help of artificial heat. Henrietta. But we, mamma, who love plants, should have pleasure in feeing those, which we admire here in an imperfect state, grow in the perfection which they have in their native climate. Mrs. Woodfield. I am not sure of that, Henrietta. i have heard persons who who have travelled in the South of Europe, and whose turn of mind led them to such observations, say, that coppices of myrtle, which are frequent there, are by no means beautiful, and that they felt no regret at feeing the peasants of the Mediterranean Islands carrying fi-om these myrtle shades bundles of small faggots,