"pieces of ice, sixteen feet long, seven wide, and two feet " thick., -- n 1.72, there were hail flones fell at Leicester' ' five inches. In the famous form that happened in "Picardy, August, 1722, the lears hail that fell, acco. " panied with thuqder and lightning, weighed a pound, " and the largert eight. -- lany of the stones were forked " and pointed, &c." m. de Bomare, au mot Grele. (24) " Edens, an Englifi Traveller, relates, that having, as a Physician, rendered considerable services to the in" " of the Canary Islands, he obtained of them the " liberty to visit the Sepulchral Caverns; a favour they grant to no one, and which cannot be obtained against" " will, without life being exposed to the greater "danger. : They 'have an extreme veneration for the bodies of " their ancestors, and'the curioiity of strangers is to them "profanation, "profanation. There Caves areplaces anciently dug out lt of the'rocks, or formed by nature. the corpse is sewed in " goats flins, with thongs of the same, and the seams are so " equal and cloe, as to become very admirable; but what "aflonifnes moult, is, that the bodies are almost all entire; and ' in both sexes are equally found the eyes, (closed) the hair, " ears, note, lips, teeth, and beard. One day, when the " Author of this Account was. taking. rabbits by a ferret, <' this little animal, which had a bell round it's neck, was " los in a burrow, and disappeared, without their being X able to know how. One of the hunters, to whom he " belonged, seeking for him in the midt of rocks and " brambles, discovered the entrance to a Sepulchral Cave i' of the Guatiches, he descended, c" " the account of the oldest of the Guanches may be 1l believed, there was a particular tribe amongst their ancefllors, whol knew the art of: emibalming, and preserved "' it as a sacred msflery. Thisitribecompofed the Priest "1 hood, and did not intermarry with' the others; but after " the conquest of the island, moult of them were destroycd, "' and their secret perished wirht them. Tradition has only taught us a part of the ingredients necessary to that ' operation." Aireig' de 'hst. Gen. des Ij'. Tome I. Per M, de la Harpe. Among the Ancients, the Evyptians, more than any others, pracifed embalming; and bodies have been preserved above two thousand years. In the breat of one of these corpse, a branch of rosemary was found, scarcely dried. This art has only been known in Europe during these latter ages; formerly they made deep incisions in the corpse, salted it, and enclosed it in a tanned ox's hide. -- Encyclopcdic. (25) The (e2) The French called this tree Caleballier, and it's fruit baboon's bread. It grows at Senegal, and the natives call it 'Gooee, and it's fruit Booee; it's real name is Boa. bab. It's first branches, which projea almost horizontally, are commonly sixty feet long, and it's trunk about seventy. eight feet round; though many Travellers have seen them larger. Ray says, that between the Niger and the Gambia, some have been measured so monfirous, that seventeen men, with extended arms, scarcely could embrace them. According t6 which, these trees must be about eighty-five feet in circumference. The Boabab, adds M. de Bomare, is probably the largest of known vegetables; though there are accounts, in the works of different Naturalists, of well known trees so prodigious, as to be reckoned vegetable montfers. Ray cites the account of Travellers, who have seen a tree in Brazil 12o feet round; and there are fill trees more marvellous, mentioned in late Histories of China; one of which is in the Province of Suchu, near the town of Kian; it is called Lieunich, that is to say, the tree of a thousand years; and is so vast, that one of it's branches only will afford flelter to 200 sheep. Another tree, in the Province of Chekianga, is nearly 400 feet in circumference. Tie rcference to the following Note mould have been in Page 166, but by accident was omitted.' There is a Serpent called the Serpent of Damel, which is very common in that wetferly province of Africa . The Negroes , when bit, put powder on the wound, and apply fire; and if this operation is but a little while deferred, 'the poison gains ground, and death soon follows. the Southeast reres, a Negro nation , take and eat them. Some of them are fifteen, Come twenty feet long, and six inches in diameter. There There are some green, others black spotted, and fitipte with beauteous colcur; On the Slave toafl, in the kingdoms of Juida and Benin, all the Savages adore a kind of Serpent which they call the Fetiche. These Serpents are very gentle, not venomous, and extremely familiar. It is death to kill them. The Negroes look upon them as benevolent Gods, and have particular rites for them; though they destroy, with great care, those Serpents which are poisonous. (26) " The French of Fort St. Louis had a Lioness, " which they kept chained . The animal had a disease ia "the jaw, that reduced it to extremity; and the people "of the fort , taking off the chains , threw the body into a " neighbouring field. In this slate it was found by M. Com" " Author of the Voyage of Bambuck, as he re. 4' turned from the chase. The eyes were closed, the jaw " open, and already swarming with ants. Compagnon" " pity on the poor animal, waffed the gullet with " water, and poured some milk down the throat. The " effects of this simple remedy were wonderful. The " Lioness was brought back to the Fort , recovered by de" -" but, far from forgetting the service done her, " took such an affeflion for her benefaaor, that ihe would " receive food only from