(a) Among others, Goezius, Kleffeker, Wolf,. Selen, c. See Diafionnaire des Merveilles de la Nature, under the head Erfans Pricoccs. We may likewise place Edwad VI of England in the rank of celebrated children: h mounted the throne at nine years of age, and at that timi knew the Latin, Greek, French, and Italian. Mary Queen of Scotland also, when 'he was thirteen, publicly recite at the Louvre, in presence of Henry II Catherine d Medicis, and the whole Court, a Latin discourse of herown conpofition, in which ihe sustained, in contradiction to the prejudice of those times, says M. Gaillard, that women ought to be learned. She also wrote poetry in French, excellent for that age; and danced, sung, and playedol several instruments. The history of the famous Pic de la Mirandole is general ly known; and all the world has heard, that Pascal was a famous Mathematician at twelve years old. It t is certainly through complaisance to your' tu(ito rs, M. Fremont, said Madame de Clemire, giut you have been pleased to call the children, of; inoi you have spoken miraculous. It is true, : ht thlef children are superior to ours; hcwever, I ly ifee one fingie prodigy among them, and that she who could talk at ten months old; the !icrs appear to me only children of extreme. aidufiry. It is true, replied the Abbe, that their chief erit was that of incessant application, added to reat docility.' I have attentively read the various ircumftances of many of their lives, and I find hat they all had an unbounded refpea, and an nalterable affection towards their Teachers, con quently a fweetriefs of temper, and an entire Dbtdience. But, said Caesar, their prodigious memories' ' the cffe&s neither of wit or genius, but ofqualities I am going to describe. A child always remembers those things which he listens to with attention; a proof of which is, there never was an indufirious child known whoie memory Was not remarkable. Make therefore a calculation if you can, how much time is lost by im paicnce, ill humour, pettifinefs, and ill timed arguing arguing to a mutinous and disobedient child. he be made to begin again, infcad of doublini his attention, and listening with submission, hei employed in making idle and vexatious excuses he is bid to be silent, perhnps, anrd if he obeys, hi pouts and murmurs inwardly, is absent, ani hears nothing that is said to him, because he is i his airs: thus is there a letcon entirely lost. But I hope, M. Fremront, you have not found me a mutinous and disobedient boy? No, certainly, for you see I am fill your In fruor. Generally speaking, you are good tern. pered, submissive, and indufirious; but you do not posiess these qualities to an eminent degree; thais to say, you might be much' superior to wht you are. I assure you, M. Fremont, I never felt strong a degree of emulation as at present , from having heard how many celebrated children have been found in all ages: and fincenothing more i necessary to become one than docility, application, and a good heart, I am determined to be industrious, and am convinced you will hereafter be satisfied with the progress I shall make. Caroline Caroline and Pulcheria made the like promises. o their mamma, and they went to bed exceedingly Iell satisfied with an evening productive of such ood resolutions. The arrival of company , who came to pass mre days at Champcery, interrupted, for a while, heir evening recreations; but the very day they ent, the Baronnefs related the following story; THE S L A V E S; 0 R, T H E BENEFIT REPAID. NELLGRAVE was the Captain of an Eng lifi vessel in the African Slave Trade , com endable for his humanity . Custom alone can authorise this commerce , offensive to nature, and otto be carried on but at the utmort peril, since injustice injustice and tyranny generally produce rebellio and despair. For this reason , the Europeans a; obliged to put the unhappy negroes they buyi chains during the night, and most part of tb day; notwithstanding which precaution, the often find means to unite, and conspire the d firudion of their malers. Snellgrave bought many Negroes on the bal of the river Kallabar, among whom he observa young woman seemingly overwhelmed wi grief; touched with her tears, he desired hisi terpreter to question her, and learned fle wept an only child fle had lost the evening before. She was taken on board the vessel, and the vet same day Snellgrave received an invitation visit the King of the diftri&c. Snellgrave accept the invitation, but knowing the ferocity of te people, he ordered ten of his Sailors and the Gu ner to accompany him, well armed. He was con dueed to some distance from the flore, and foun the King placed on an elevated seat under shade of some trees. The assembly was numerous; a crowd Negro Lords surrounded their King, and guard, comnpoed of about fifty men, armed w bows and arrows, the fabre at their fide, and zagac an?.ye in their hand, flood at some distance; the. iinglifh, with the muskets on their Shoulders, re nained opposite his black Majesty. Snellgrave presented to the King some European ries. As he was ending his harangue, he heard roans at some little distance that made him fhud er, and turning round, perceived a little Negro ied by the leg to a flake ltuck in the ground. wo other Negroes , of a hideous afpe&, that ood by the fide of a hold dug in the earth, armed ith hatchets, and clothed in an uncouth manner, emed to guard the child; who looked at them eeping, with his little hands raised in a fupplicat g posture. The King observing the emotion which this range fpetacle evidently caused in Snellgrave, bought to encourage him, by assuring him, he had othing to fear from the two Negroes whom he ooked