jn clean water, for so ty eight hours, if it be on very strong close, hard gummed paper; but if on afoft spongy paper, two hours will be fifftcicnt; then lay the print between four. feets of paper, two beneath it, and two above it, that the moiftire may be dranri out of it. In the meanwhile, let the glass be warmed at the fire, then with a hogza hair brush dipped in melted Strafburg turpentine.. the glass smoothly and evenly. Lay the print upon the glass, rubbing it gently from one end to the other, that it ma) lie clife. With the finger rub off the paper from the backside of the print, till nothing can be fern, but the print, like a thin film upon the glhs, and set it aftde to dry. When it is well dried, - varnifl it over with some white transparent varniffi, that the print may be seen through it, which is now fit for painting. Having prepared a variety of oil colours, which musa be ground very fine, and tempered very stiff, lay such colours on the transparent print as your fancy and taile direc;, the outlines of the print guiding the pencil, and it will produce a very pretty effec. You muss be carefil to lay on the colours thick enough to appearplainly through the glass. When your gro.to'is finished, you mayexercife yourfevcn this Chis way, and eac. one produce a picture, though much inferior to those works that require the hand' of an artiff, yet affording amiifcment for a leisure hour, and varying the course of your occupations. Adieu, my dear chilren; I wiih you repose and pleasant dreams. CONVERSATION IX HENRY. AY I be allowed to choose a ftibjec.for this evening? I want to know what wa' is ma; C of. I beards Mr. Jcnkins lilv it was a silt, and I think he muir: be mtblkcn, for I cannut itte the Icali flavour of (alt itl it. i' - hr. HARCOURT. Chemically cefidered, 'he is in the right. St'gar is a sweet, agreeable, saline juice exprcffcd front many different kinds f vcegetablcs. Carrots, parsnips, whie i and red beets 'yjicld sugar , but. the plant from which sugar that is generally used, is procured, is tle sugarcane; a sort of reed tl!at grows in plenty, in both the East and West Indics. Sophia, endeavour to give us a botanical definition of it. SOPHIA. It is a genus of the triandria digynia clas. Its charaters are, that it has no impalement; but in itead of it, a woolly down longer than the flower, that inclofcs it. The flower is bivalve, the valves are oblong, acute pointed, colcave, and chaffy. It Las three hairs like llamina, the ends of the valves terminated terminated by oblong summits;. and an awl fhaped germen, fuppprting two rough styles, crowned by ingle stigmas, the germen becomes an oblong, acute pointed seed, inveted by the valves. It is cultivated in both the indies.or its juice,. which when boiled, affords that sweet salt which is called sugar . MR. HARCOURT. The canes grow from eight to twenty feet high,. they are jointed, and .t each joint are placed leaves. They are propagated by cuttings, which are gene -- rally taken from the tops of the canes, ..just below 'the leaves; a deep foil'and light land are mofr suitable to the fugar plant,. and the rainy season is the proper, time for. planting. it.. The ground should be marked out by a line, that the canes may be regularly disposed and.at equal distances. The common method. of planting them, is to make a trench with aloe.. is performed by the hand; into this trench a negro drops the number of cuttings intended to be planted, which are planted by other negroes ,. who follow him; and the earth.is drawn. about the hills wither hoe. CHARLES. I fancy agriculture is not so well underitood in. the Indies , as it is in Europe; or they would make use of the plough in these operations; as it would perform the work.both more expeditiously, and in a : onipleter manner, than can be done by the hand. What length of time, and what multitudes of hands would it occupy, to hoe up all the land in England,. that is to be sowed with corn every season. MR. HARCOURT. Horses are very scarce in the West indies especially, and almost all laborious operations are performed by the hands of negro slaves . AUGUSTA. Are those countries inhabited by negroes ? I understood that they were the natives of Africa . You MR. harcourt. You were rightly informed, my dear, they are indeed natives of Africa , but fnarched'from their own country , friekds'and connctions, by the hand of violence and power. 1 am ashamed to confess that many (hips are annually Cent from different parts of England, particularly Britlol and Liverpool, to the coast of Guinea, to procure slaves from that unhappy country , for the use of our West India islands, where they are' sold to the planters of fugar plantations , in an open market like cattle, and afterwards employed in the most laborious and servile occupations, and pass the rest of their lives in an Involuntary and wretched.flavery. SOPHIA. How much my'heart feels for them! How terrible must it be, to be separated frcm one's near relations! Parents perhaps divided from their children for ever; husbands from their wives; brothers and sisters obliged to take an eternal farewell! Why do the Kings of the African states suffer their fubjets to be so cruelly treated? MRS. HARCOURT. Many causes have operated to induce the African princes to become afiiftants in this infamous traffic, und instead of being the defenders of their haimlcfs people, they have fiequently betrayed them to their crucllef enemies. The Europeans havefoundthe means of corrupting these ignorant rulers, with bribes of rum, and other spirituous liquors, of which they are immoderatelyfond. At other times they have fomented jealousies, and excited wars between them, merely for the sake