of obtaining the prisoners of war forflaves. Frequently they life no ceremony, but go on shore in the night, set fire to a neighbouring village, and'feize upon all the unhappy vietims, who run out to escape the flames. What CECILIA. What hardened hearts mult the captains ofthofe Ships have. They mull have become extremely cruel, before they would undertake such an employment. 'Mrs. HARCOURT. It is much to he feared. that mofi of them, by : the habits of such a life, are hbcome deaf to the voice of pity; but we music, )mpaffionate the situation of those, whose parents have early bred them to this profc'ffion, before they wre: of an age to choose a different employment. But to resume the fibjeat of the negroes . What 1 have related, is only the beginning of their sorrows When they are put on board the ships , they are crowded to getheri n the hold, where many of them mostly die from X ant of air and room. There have'been frequent inilances of their throwing themftlves into the sea, when the could.find an opportunity, and fe.king a refuge from their misfortunes in death. As soon as they arrive in the Weti Indies , they are carried to a pitb'ic market, where they are sold to the best bidder, like horses at our fairs. Their future lot depends much upon the difpohiuion of the master, into whose hands they happen to fall, for among the overseers of filuar plantations there are some men of fueling and humanity ; ' but too generally their trcatmcn1 is very severe. Acciitorned to an inactive indolent life, in the luxurious and plcl.ti'ul countrv 'of Africa , tl.ey find great hatd ship firom tl e tanifition to a list of severe labour, without any mixture of indulgence to soften it. Deprived afhope of amendirp their cndition, boy an) course of con(cuii they can purfu. they frequently abandon tlhcmfelves to despair, and die, in what is called the fcafoping, which ie b, coming in ured by length of time to their fituitivn. Those who have lefsfenfibility and tronger conltitutions, ...* survive survive their complica'ed misery but a few years: for it is generally acknowledged that they seldom attain the full period of human life. AUGUSTA. Humanity shudders at your acciunt; but I have heard a gentleman, that had lived many years abroad, say, that negroes were not much fruperior to the brutes, and that they were so stupid and stubborn, that nothing but stripes and severity could have any influence over them. Mr. HARCOURT. That; gentleman was mort probably interefced in misleading those, with whom he conversed. People, who argue in thai manner, do not confider the disadvantages the poor negroes fuiffr fromn want of cultivation. Leading an ignorant savage life in their own country , they can have: acquired no previous information: and when th V fall inio the hands of their cruel oppressors. a life of laborious servitude, which fcarcelv aff.rds them fuffic;.; nt time for sleep, deprives them of every onporrtnity of improving their minds. Thereo is no reafin o suppose that they dfffer from us in anything but colour, which didfimion arises f om the in: enre heat of their climate. There have been instances of a few, whose situation has been favourable to improvement, that have fhewni no inferiorily of capacity: and those malers, who ntgleq the re ligious.and moral inftru8ion of their slaves , arkd a heavy load of guilt to that already inc, !rl ed, by their share in this unjust and inhuman traffic. 'CHARLES. Mv indignation aiifes at this recital. Why does rot the Britfl Parliament .exc; ris power, to ev(nte the wrongs of thnf olpprlti, d Africans? what can prevent an; & ikeing Iaff'.1 to forbid Jlnglilhmen from buying and fciling slaves ? - M r. Mr. HARCOURT. Mr. Wilberforce, a name that docs'h'nbur to humanity , has made several fruiilefs efforts to obtain an aet for the abolition of this trade . Men, interested in its c6ntinuance, have hitherto frufira ted his noble design; but we may rely upon the goodness of that Divine Providence, that careth for all creatures, that the day will come, that their rights will'be considered, and there is great reafoa to hope, from the light a'lea'dy .cast upon the sub je, that the rising generation will prefer justice and mercy, to interest and'policy; and will free themselves from the. odium we at present susser, of treating our fellow-creatures in a manner unworthy of them, and of ourselves. 'mws. HARCOURT. Henry, repeat' that beautiful apofirophe to a hegro woman, which you learred the other day out Mrs. : Barbauld's Hymns. : HENRY. N" Negiro ioman, who fittest pining in captivity, " and'wóepbft.over thy Lick child, though'no one "seeth thee, ggod seeth thee.; though no one " pitieth thee, 'God pitieth thee. Raise thy voice, "'forlorn: and.abandoned one; call upon him from "camidil thy bondb, for ffuredly' he will hear " thee." CECILIA. I think noriches could tempt me tohave any 'hare in' the flave trade . I could never enjoy peace of mind, whilst I thought I contributed to the woes of my fcllow creatures. Mr. HARCOURT. But, Cecilia, to put your commission to the proof; are you willing to debar yourself of the many indulgencies that we enjoy, that are the fruit of their labour? sugar , coffee rice, calico, rum, and and many other things, are procured by the Rweat of their brow. CECILIA. I would forego any indulgence to alleviate their sufferings. The rit of the Children together. We are all of the same mind. Mrn. HARCOURT. I admire the sensibility of your uncorrupted hearts, my dear children. It is the voice of nature and virtue. Listen to it on all occasions, and bring it home to your bosoms, and your daily praaice. The same principle ds benevolence, which excites your jull indignation at the oppression of the negroes , will lead you to be gentle towards your inferiors, kind and obliging to your equals, and in a particular manner condescending and considerate