his obstinacy that "provoked him. The villain got well enough A, in a fortnight. - There is nothing to be " done without it, gentlemen; nothing to be " done. Here I give forty, fifty, sixty, pounds " for a negro . - Well, he becomes my pro" " and consequently I shall do with him " as I please; and let any of these foft fouled "gentry condemn me for it, if they please. 4' I have the law on my fide. - Let the dogs "w w ork take the consequence; and, as to " the women, let them work too. - 1 am sure "they cost us enough. - Depend upon it, if ' once we slacken in our discipline, it is all "over with us." "True, sir, (said an elegant looking man, " who had hitherto kept a tfrit silence, and " whose friendihip for our captain only had procured .' procured us the honour of his company ,) you - are undoubedly right in your assertion, that pride, sullenness, and evenlazinefs, are too of" " to be met with in such a numerous body of " untaught people. But does it follow that "they are vices existing only in the disposition " of a negro ? Certainly not. I have now *" upon my plantation a large number of there " poor despised outcafis of nature, as a tendsr " hearted senator once styled them. 1 will not " explain my mode of treatment, but I will tell " you its ejfers. A juftly founded report has " lately prevailed th: it [ am about to quit them. " Upon hearing which they ftru.k their tools, " and, notwithstanding the commands of an " overseer, whom they were accustomed " ftricly to obey, (and who has not yet worn " out one lah in my service,) they alfembled " at nim gaes, and, u: : used to disguise their " feelimg', pcured forth such a mixture of " groars, tears, and lamentations, as would C almost have softened the heart of **, cexprcfling so much artless sorrow fur, and so; ' much fear of, a change, which, from com "parifni: they conceived there was much " reason to dread, that I was obliged to sooth " what in general might have been severely " corrected." "Never tell me, (interrupted the first " speaker,) never tell me, Mr. Sealy, of in" " ttnderine's, and such cant, we Inuft be rigorous, if we would be safe." This conclusion was confirmed by a violent fitr ke on the table with his sift. tc And are you certain (said I) that rigorous " treatment will always produce the effect you " mention? Take care, gentlemen, that "the the means you use to secure your interest "prove not its defsrulion. The negroes are "extremely numerous, and, should they once " be roused to a sense of their undeserved usage, may be provoked to a dangerous revenge. I do not mean, at present , to "descant on their equality, as that, in my efi " mation, admits not of a doubt. I shall take, " for a moment, your fide of the question, and "alk, if you think our beasts of burden would " quietly submit to the yoke, if they were " sensible of their own importance ? Now, " as you must allow these men the poffetlion u of some degree of reason , is there not danger to be feared (Should they aft according " to their feelings) that a day may come when "t rebellion Shall tinge your land with blood, " and the wretched dependents, you so severely " force beyond their strength, turn with fatal " fury upon their maters? And which of "you, in such an instant, would oppose himself to an enraged multitude? Which of "you (except Mr. Sealy) could confidently "appeal for protection to the slaves of his own plantation , and exult in the gentlehefs of " that condu6t, the reward of which would be, your certain safety ?" Mortified, but unconvinced, they remained silent; and, as it was not lo much my business to irritate their pride as to route a sense of interest, I adverted to my first fubje6, and calmly assured them it was Sambo's intention, if left upon the island in slavery , to free him felfand family by a sudden death. (Something like this the poor man hinted to Adolphus.) This threat Succeeded beyond expectation. The planter willingly gave them up upon terms more more moderate than could have been supposed, and I found myself enabled to gratify my young friend in giving L berty, for such I may call it, to the objets of his benevolence. We have taken Sambo's family on board but to paint their rapture in its true colours, as it breaks forth in every look and action to adolphus, would be impossible; nor halli particularise the (hare I take in their artless thanks. - Adieu, my noble friend. I flail trust this letter to a captain who is cofimiflion ed, for Come secret but important reasons , to navigate the coast of Sierra Leona. An uncommon though fortunate Circumstance this, as you know the difficulty attending a voyage from the Wef indies to Africa . - 1 imagine, notwithstanding those delays, they muf reach you before the European hips. Adolphus sends every wist for Zimza's health and peace. Ever Yours. A. HAMILTO1. Journal 7aurnal of Mr. HAMILTON's Voyage ta England. Port royal, May 17i T HE morning breaks with every prognostic of an approaching tempest. Pale fear tions of rainbows, with a dark crimson flush imprefied upon the. ihifting. clouds, give. strong indications of stormy weather,, which are fill farther confirmed by a halo surrounding thejuft rifen fun. - -. ', Twelve o'clqck, The lhip is already under way. ' adolpjius comes down to say, we are out of the harbour. -1 have been upon deck; the profpe&t is terrible. The wind, though fair, is dangerously boifierous. My young companion cannot