turned aside in speechless agony, and bid him nt cry, for when be was a man he Should return to Jamaica and would give them both their freedom .' Sambo , Sambo sunk louis : knees before me, saying" -". - be <rw, slave ., - Go., m S "prince." -- " Yes, (interupted Adolphus dropping ." likewise : by. his fide,) Dear : friend, ' take : .''Sambo to England:, he Wais my father' ..fcihubjeit, and used f attexid me whea I wi .i .ii infant'' '',..,. :,;.. immediately. consented to purchase him; though, being a fine healthy' young 'nan, imagined his price was rather high, : aid your liberal presents , which would otherwise have enabled; mer to gratify our noble boy's request, were.not in specie, so that i.was but scantily provided for. such an unexpeaed expense. However, it was impofible to reift the {uggeftions of humanity , pointed, and en, livened as they were. by the innocent pleader, and Adolphus joyfully congratulated' the astonished negro on his success, .attempting,. at.thle same time, to raifehitm from his knees. Sambo spoke not, but ftrod mute anddejeatd. Lifting his eyes to the boat which contaned his wife and child, he gazed, on the affecting objes till they had reached the, laning place, wnile your son, with the eagecrbene, 6lence of youth, was drawing him towards die cabin %teps, that he might go down to receive fomi. refre(hment. But samibo.gently remained fixed and pensive, till agairn.reuming hiis bim .ble posture and wringinghis hands -- ' sismbo go England. - Live with prince. - No. whip, no work like slave . No. Sambo.. * - Adolphus burst into tears,,, and, looking at me as if to read my thoughts, '. Oh! Mr. t Hamilton, you will not let sambofltay.to *'1.. ' be'. / 'i', ', -. be a lave? - Go with us, Sambo. - Oblige t him to go, my dear friend." I was really distressed, 'and the more when the affecionate creature, kissing the prince's hand, his heart apparently rising to his throat, with a tremulous voice, said, - " Dear Massa, poor " Sambo tank you, - but, Omra stay, me " stay too. Work all day, - fare hard, - "all for poor Omra. - Me go, who comfort "her? She cry, man laugh. She sick, "tired, labour all day, no one pity. - She "call Sambo, - Sambo gone. - Sink down. - Die !" - He could say no more, but, palling his arm over his face, firove to hide or wipe off the swelling drops that would force themselves a passage . The scene was pitiable, but 1 continued silent; when Adolphus, as if impelled by rome happy thought, flew from us, ran down to his chess, and presently returning with a parcel, - " Here, (said he t' to the unhappy man,) take this gold duff, it "is all I have. Go, lose no time, fetch " her on board. We will all go to England " together." Doubtlef, Zimza will admire the generosity of this at, but what will he say to Sambo? who, pulling the treasure from him, cried, - "Perish Omra, - periih Sambo. - Me "would serve my prince, me would work, "me would die, for him: but me will not " make him poor." Who could mortify the grandeur of an untaught soul, and impelled alone by its native feelings? Who could check a liberality so amiable? How can the haughty masters of these wretched people account for lhch sublime affeion, which, while dreading favery worse than than death, could brave its utmost fury, rather than desert a partner destined to the melancholy fare. - Again I was conquered, and, bidding Sambo take courage, told him means might yet be found to reunite hin'te his wife in the way most agreeable to his wishes. gut now, when Adolphus explained what I said, his gratitude became more eloquent than his scanty knowledge of a few English words, acquired on his voyage , would permit, and he employed every idiom of the Tonouwah language to express his delight. I soon quitted him, to try the success of a scheme which partly depended upon a sudden. and well timed impression. Going, therefore, into the cabin, where I had left several opulent planters, who were come on board to view the cargo , I mentioned, in a general way, the hardships of those females who superadded, to the sorrows of their own captivity, that of introducing to their helpless little ones such an unfortunate inheritance; and then itrengthened my obfervatiors by a more particular description of the affair I hadjuft witnessed. My remarks were received with the contemptuous half concealed frmiles of one of my auditors; but, not intimidated, I went onl to paint in firong colours the susser ings of those poor creatures, and declared my intention to purchase Sambo, his wife and child, for the purpose of liberating them, and freely added my wishes that I could emancipate the whole cargo . A look of incredulous wonder went round; when the abovementioned person, who seemed more interested. than the rest, observed, that Sambo was his intended property, ptoperty, and he did not choose to give up such a valuable acquisition' 'is owing (said another) to the false "indulgence these rascals meet with, from " people of Mr. Hamilton's description, that they Co hardily defy the wholesome severity Co " nceffary to the keeping them to their work. " Idleness is a negro's chaiatcer; and, if he will rather bear the whip than exert his' ftrrength, are we to be stigmatised with " cruelty , if we endeavour to cure them of "' that vice ?" "Prithee (answered the first) add sullen ness and pride to the charge, and you then behold a complete African. - 1 havea fellow " on my plantation who would lie down to (' receive corretion. - To be Cure, my over it seer went a little too far, 'one morning, in "his duty. But it was