fecution of the poor, unoffending Negroes whom the bounteous Giver of Good had favoured with abundant sup. plies for their wants in a warm and ser tile country , oi s\hich a traveller gives the follwing dcicription." Which way C soever 1 turned my eyes on this plea C ant spot, I b: held a perfeat image of " human nature: an agreeable solitude bounded on every fide by charming " landfcjpes; the rural situation of cot. " tages in the midt of trees; the ease " and indolence of the Negroes , reclin " ed under the fnade of their spreading "foliage; the simplicity of their dress ' and manners; the whole revived in my "' mind the idea of our firtl parents, and ' I seemed to contemplate the world in its primitive state: they are, general "i¥ly * i ( 189) " ly speaking, very good-natured, sociable and obliging." The more discerning of them account it their greatest unhappiness, that they were ever visited by the Europeans; the professors of Christianity having introduced the traffic of slaves , and banished that peace from among them in which they formerly lived. Those Africans who have been corrupted and brought over to assist in this moult wicked and horrid business, receive iron and other manufactures of Europe in exchange for men, and for these they will practise every violence and cruelky on their countrymen. If a ship comes in sight, it is considered as a sufficient motive for a war: they fall on the neighbouring nations for the purpose of making prisoners, whom they fell, and sometimes set fire to the houses of a town, picking up those who escape from the flames for thl same !urpofe. At other times those l5 are ( 190) are employed who seize persons tlhy, find alone or unable to refitl them,; at labour in their little fields or bring. ing water from their springs and es' pecially the children whom they find on the roads or in the fields, where, their parents have placed them to! watch the corn, and drive away the birds from devouring it; for those: whom they meet witlh trong and and grown up, they look for a log[ of wood and fattening them to it by the wrists with flaples bring them to the vessels labouring under the load, regardless of their tears and lamentations, and of the sorrow of their parents who expecting their return at night are in all probability doomed never to see them more. When the negroes are brought to the ship , branded with a red hot iron, and the men shackled two and two with irons vhlere perhaps six or seven hundred are i' ( 191) are flowed together in a narrow compass, their sufferings of body and mind are so great that many have thrown themselves into the sea and others Qarved themselves to death. These desperate attempts their persecutors endeavour to prevent not from any compassion to them, but that they may not lose their gain; they are secured in a place Itrongly fattened, where the air and light is admitted through grates. In this place they lie on the bare boards with, scarce room to turn themselves, or to stand upright and where their bones Sometimes work through their ikin, and their skin is frequently rubbed off. The closeness of their confinement and miserable situation often brings sickness amongst them, of which many die, and eve: if their health be preserved to them their sorrows sometimes deprive them of reason , Sometimes it happens that wearied ,, ( 192) wearied with grief and fatigue they fink into a sleep, badly accommodated as they are for it, and dream of their dear native country , then forgetting all the real horrors of their condition it is likely they imagine themselves enjoying that peace and content which was once their lot, cultivating their fields, beholding their little cottages and their smiling children, and conversing with their friends; they waken and find all this is loti, and lost for ever, their grief is insupportable, and venting itself in groans of agony, finds no compalfion from their cruel oppreflors, but perhaps is silenced by blows. Now behold the ship arrived at its port, and the poor slaves landed, carried to market itripped'nak ed, and exposed to sale like beasts. A new scene of suffering begins, being ibld to different purchasers, ihofe who arc; moo nearly and tenderly connected ( 193) edare often torn asunder with scarce a chance of ever meeting more. Hus. bands and wives, parents and children, brothers and filfers clinging to each other in unutterable distress, praying and begging by every sign and gefrure they could make not to be separated, but in vain; they are dragged from one another, or the lalh is applied to make them part: It is no wonder that some die of grief, for their feelings are quick, and they are full as sensible of the attachments of affetion, ' as those who pretend to more refinement o let us not speak of refinement; since the members of civilised life can exercise and uphold such cruelty How mufl the poor negroe , whose complexion by reason of the climate he was born in, is of a black colour, Eow imuft he tremble at the sight of a man with a fair face, and far from beholding any beauty in the mixture of white and ( 94) red, look upon that as the mark by which he distinguishes the persecutors, oppressors and murderers of his countrymen! and really the vices of the heart will soon make a beautiful face disagreeable to us, while, virtue and humanity will adorn the homely countenance. How much dishonour do these buyers and sellers of their fellows creatures bring upon the high profession which they make, even upon Christianity while the poor ignorant heathen corrupted by their friendship, and enslaved by their avarice, learn vices from them to which they had been Strangers, and experience cruelties of which