me, who tranfai the public business, and are wont to receive presents on such oc "occasions; it would moreover be apt "to corrupt my mind and make me "proud, and others would think I want, ed to be a great man which is not the 'cafe; I think on God that made us, L " and (, 82) ( and want to be inftruated in hisses vicd i' and worship: I came not to receive " presents which spoil and corrupt thi "receivers of them" -- 'He then cor plained of foome abuses in trade , fa ing that they did not get their pricesfo skins which they were promised, that his put their young men upon playin unfair tricks, by leaving on the fkinsfe veral parts which were no use, as th ears, paws, flesh, &, " This is not right, said he, " we should not leave our (kin " in such a way, our corrupt heart "have found out this way of dealin you see there is' no love nor honewt ' on either fide; you do wrong in a "tering your prices, and the Indian "do wrong in bringing skins with f " much badness on them, therefore "we purpose to fling this entirel "away, for if it remains we fha "never agree and love one anothe " as brothers ought to do so 1 defir " ou will not raise : our goods to to .: ". I hi ( 183) high a price, but lower them as you can afford, that we may live and walk together in one brotherly love and friendship as we ought to do I mul once more acquaint you that fly chief design in making this vi it is to confer about religious matters; it may be that some do not think as I do, or may think slightly of these things, but I am fixed in my principles and shall always abide in them; the Almighty observes all hat paifes in our hearts, and hears all that we say to. one another." n being asked if he was disposed to ar some serious conversation, he fwered, "Such words as those are very good, and would be very acceptable at a fit time; such words are awful, and flould be spoken of at a solemn time; for then the heart is soft, and they would go into it, and not be lost; but when L 2 " the ( 184) " the heart is hard they will not go " but fall off from it, and such wor " should not be loft: I am appreh "five that I have a feeling sense "my own mind whereby I think " can tell when people speak from t "the head or from the heart." Cncerhing SLAVERY . A S Sin entered into the world at early period, that crying evil holding men in slavery soon began appear, the fironger subduing weak, and obliging them to hard bour to satisfy the revenge or pride their .oppressors. The Jews,, who pear to have been used as a fcou to the idolatrous descendents of naan, by divine appointment, h some of the heathen in bondage ; were refrained by the law from at ing their persons, and iwere obliged ( 185) ve them their sabbaths and jubilees. It as appointed that there should be e law, one rule of justice for the nave and the stranger, and they were peatedly called on to remember, that ey themselves had been slaves in gypt and strangers in their land. ach were the reftricions the lews ere under in their conduct to their hea en slaves , though only under the law, which many things were permitted cause of the hardness of their hearts. remained for the glorious dispensa. on of Christianity, which breathes ace on earth and goodwill to man, abolifl the diftintions between Jew d Gentile, Greek and Barbarian, ond and free. The first converts to his holy faith, were conspicuously a, mily of love, averse from the vain iftin&tions of the world, having all hings in common; and the commis on of the everlasting gospel, was extended ( 86) tended to mankind without the d tincion of nation or profession; ev in after ages when the professors this pure religion had much decline from the primitive faith, the prini ples of benevolence, which it inca, cates, generally prevailed at length - gainst the barbarous, universal a ancient practises of holding ferva in perpetual bondage . Charters Xe granted for giving freedom to t slaves , which then composed the m jority of the people, and about t year 13oo a general liberty prevail over the west of Europe. But a though these happy reformations ha been wrought at home, many of t professors of the chriian name rene' ed abroad the ancient evil of forci meh into bondage . Within less tha 20o years after that happy event general liberty , the Europeans ma their descents upon Africa , and plu derin ( 187) ering the coast, first carried the inha itants into Slavery ; the terrified natives fled in confusion from the coasts, and sought in the interior parts of the country , a retreat from the per ecution of the invaders. The Eu. ropeans pursued; sailed up their ri versinto the heart of their country ; surprised them in their retreats, and dragged them off. Again the natives Red in consternation, abandoned the banks of the rivers, and left the robbers without a profpet of their prey. The plunderers now adopted different measures; they built themselves, forts and fettled in the country : with the gaudy trappings of European art, they excited the wonder and curiosity of the Africans: by presents and false appearances of generosity they seduced their confidence and attachment; they found out tools for their wicked designs, put these upon furniihing them with ( 188) kith their countrymen for slaves , and; thus, V hen they thenfelves could noi longer oe thieves, they at last became receivers. Thus began the cruel peri