they had never heard before their acquaintance with them. The slaves are moult employed in the Wet . Indies where they are beaten and tortured at discretion. They are badly clothed; they are miferabl .. ~ ~~~~~ ic. ( i95 fed. Their drudgery is intense and and incefiant, and their rest short. For scarcely are their heads reclined, scarcely have their bodies a respite from the labour of the day, or the cruel hand of the overseer, but they are furmmoned to renew their sorrows. In this manner they go on from year to year, in a state of the lowest de graddtion, without a tingle law to protect them, without the poftibility of redress, without a hope that their situation will be changed, unless death should terminate the scene: They die it is said with a smile upon their face, and their funerals are attended by a vast concourse of their country men with demonltrations of joy; because they believe when released by death, they fnall return to their own country . But if they attempt to regain their liberty by flight, they are often punifll ed in a manner too cruel to mention, and ( 196) and their lives are frequently iacrificedi to the unbridled passions of their mai' ters. For the consequence of holding their fellowmen in slavery , is little less to be lamented on account of the masters, than of the suffering slaves , for by accustoming themselves to such ads of injustice, oppression, and cruelty , their hearts become hard, their passions violent, and the inestimable bleiling of a meek and quiet spirit is too much unknown. And thus they draw upon their heads the displeasure of the Creator and universal Father whose care is equally extended over all his works, " He hath flyewed thee, Omnn, what is "good; and what doth the, Lord require " of thee, but to do jufily, and to " love mercy, and to walk humnbly "with thy God?" Though every humane heart con. dcemrn' the aole inable cruelties exer c'fei ( 197) cited upon the Negroes , yet all not being witnesses to them, and many knowing there were exceptions against the usual treatment, the eyes of men were not opened to look upon the traffic in its proper light. Yet some few here and there were more deeply touched with sympathy for their afflictions, and amongst these John Woolman set an eminent example labouring to persuade those of his own society, (the people called Quakers) who kept slaves to give them their liberty , travelling on foot through many parts of America for that purpose, and lamenting with tears' of true tenderness the iniquitous pratice. -- He did more, for by entirely abstaining from the use of anything in the produce of which slavery was concerned, he set an example, which, like bread cast upon the waters, was clearly perceived long afterwards to be the moult ffeetual method of abolishing the cru ..1 ( 198) el trade . He seemed to sow the seed, which never after wanted a succession of waterers. Anthony Benezet gave up his time and talents to this virtuous employ: he undertook the manage i ment of a school in Philadelphia for the education of black people, often pleaded in their behalf; publifled several treatises againftflavery, and gava hearty proof of his attachment to the cause, by leaving the whole of his fortune in support of that school, to which he had so generously devoted his time and attention when alive. The grate full blacks felt the loss of their frien and instructor, and accompanied his remains to the grave with tears. Th people called Quakers gave liberty to their slaves , and their discipline ha provided against their purchasing an in future, by disowning those who ar in any manner concerned in the trade Though this measure appeared to b attende( i: .' ( 199) attended with considerable lois, yet it became in the end a gain, even in a temporal capacity. Mol of the slaves who were thus freed, returned of their own accord to their former matkers to serve them at llated wages. The work which they now did was found to be better done, and in less time than before, and fewer hands were sufficient So that from many circumitances it appeared that they derived, contrary to their expectation, a considerable advantage from their benevolence. Many of other societies have also given freedom to their Negroes . Application was made to the English parliament to abolish the slave trade , and many members of that hqufe pleaded the cause of the oppressed with a noble zeal. Persons were appointed to examine into the cafe, whose reports displayed such scenes of injustice and barbarity as roused the indignation of great ( 2d0) great part of the nation . One of the most active friends of the Negroes is Thomas c!arkfon; whose unwearied efforts to disclose the true slate of the cafe, have gained him enemies amongst the cruel and sordid; but every heart which is warmed with the beam of humanity acknowledges him as a friend Many in different parts touched more deeply with the miseries of slavery , abitained from the use of sugar , understanding that the railing of the sugar canes is the principal, and moa oppressive employment of the Negroes . On a sudden by an irradiation of Truth from the Den of an unknown writer, the eyes of thousands were opened to convincement, that the consumers were partakers in the iniquity of those who employed flavesin cultivating those fatal plantations , and that the use of these commodities was in effec wafting the blood of our fellow ( 201) low creatures. We have a late account that the French have set their slaves at liberty , and efforts are still making to prevail upon the English Parliament to a like generous at. Surely the day is approaching when the poor untutored people fllall no longer abhor the name of Christians, and look upon the profession of Chrilfianity as a pretext for