in some Measure, Rulers over thole who labour. 305. Nations who have given themselves up to Idleness, are generally proud: We might turn the Effec against the Cause from which it proceeds, and destroy Laziness by Pride itself. 306. For Government may be as firongly supported by Ambition, as it may be endangered by Pride. In aferting this, we need only represent to ourselves, on the one Hand, the innumerable Benefits which result from Amnbition; such as, Indufiry, Arts, and Sciences, Politeness, Tafle, c.; and, on the other, the infinite Number of Evils arising from Pride, in some Nations ; such as Laziness, Poverty, Disregard for everything; the Deflrudion of Nations , who accidentally fall into their Power, and afterwards the Ruin of themselves. 307. As Pride induces some to shun Labour, so Ambition impels others to excel all the rest in Workman ibip. 308. View [ i47 ] 308. View every Nation with Attention, and you will find, that arrogant Pride and Laziness, most commonly, go Hand in Hand together. 309. The People of Achim are haughty and lazy: Such amongst them as have no Slaves of their own, hire one, if it be only to carry a small Bag of Rice a hundred Paces. They would look upon it as a Disgrace, if they should carry it themselves. 310. The Women in India think it a Scandal to learn to read: This Business, they say, belongs to the female Slaves , who chant the Hymns in their Temples. 31. A Man is not poor, because he has nothing; but because he will do no Work. He who has no Estate, but will work, may live as well as he, who has an annual Income of a Hundred Rubles, but will do no Work. 312. A Tradefinan who has taught his Children his Art, has given them such an Estate, as increases in proportion to their Number. 3i3. Agriculture is the first and principal Labour, which ought to be encouraged in the People: The next is, the manufadturing our own Produce. U 3 4. Ma[ [ ] 314. Machines, which serve to shorten Labour in the mechanic Arts, are not always useful. If a Piece of Work, wrought with the Hands, can be afforded at a Price, equally advantageous to the Merchant and the Manufacturer; in this Cafe, Machines which shorten Labour, that is, which diminish the Number of Workmen, will be greatly prejudicial to a populous Country . 1 5. Yet, we ought to diftinguifl between what we manufacture for our home confumption, and what we manulacture for Exportation into foreign Countries . 3 i6. Too much Use cannot be made of this Kind of Machines in our Manufacures, which we export to other Nations ; who do, or may receive the same Kind of Goods, from our Neighbours, or other People; especially those who are in the same Situation with ourselves. 3i7. Commerce flies from Places where it meets with Oppression, and settles where it meets with Protection. 318. The Athenians did not carry on that extensive Commerce , which might have been expected from the Labour of their Slaves , the great Number of their Seamen, the Power which they had over the States of Greece, and, what exceeded all, the excellent Regulations of Solon. 319. In [ 149 ] 319. In many Countries , where all the Taxes are farmed, the Collection of the Royal Revenues ruins Commerce , not only by its Inequality, Oppression, and extreme Exadtions, but also by the Difficulties it occasions, and the Formalities it requires. 320. In other Places, where the Duties or Customs are colleeied upon the good Faith of the Importers , there is a wide Difference in respect of the Conveniences for Traffic. One Word in Writing tranfads the greatest Business. The Merchant is under no Necefity of losing Time in Attendance; nor obliged to employ Clerks, on purpose to remove the Difficulties fiarted by the Sinan ciers, or be compelled to submit to them. 32i. The Liberty of Trading does not confill in a Permission to Merchants of doing whatever they please; this would be rather the Slavery of Commerce : What cramps the Trader , does not cramp the Trade . In free Countries the Merchant meets with innumerable Obstacles; but in despotic Governments he is not near so much thwarted by the Laws. England prohibits the Exportation of its Wool; the has ordained Coals to be imported to the Capital by Sea; the has prohibited the Exportation of Horses fit for Stallions; she obliges Ships , which Trade from her Plantations in America into Europe, to anchor first in England. By these, and such like Prohibitions, she cramps the Merchant ; but it is for the Benefit of Commerce . U 2 32 2. Wherever C i5 ] 322. Wherever there is Trade , there are Customhouses also. 323. The Objet of Trade , is the Exportation and Importation of Goods, for the Advantage of the State: The Objea of the customhouses, is a certain Duty, exacted from the same Exportation and Importation of Goeds, for the Advantage likewise of the State; for this Reason a State ought to preserve an exact Impartiality between the customhouse and the Trade , and to make such proper Regulations, that these two might never clash with each other: Then the People will enjoy there free Liberty of Commerce . 324. England has no Tarif, or fixed Book of Rates with other Nations : Her Tarif changes, as we may say, at every Session of Parliament , by the particular Duties, which fie lays on, or takes off. Strongly jealous of the Trade which is carried on in Her Country , She rarely engages herself in Treaties with other States, and depends on no Laws, but Her own. 325. Some Countries have made Laws, perfectly well calculated to humble those States, which carry on the Commerce of Economy. They are forbidden to import any Commodities, except what are Raw, and not manufactured; and even those must be the Growth of their own Country ; and they are prohibited from trading [ II ]