How far the rule of 'doing to others, as they would be done by, in the like cafe, ' atiuates the Christians of England, may be learned fi-om the iolwow in g hil': orv of my voyage . As I attended : .h fa.i!y of a great man, I had the advantage ofbecig acccmmodat ed on board coe of their itips of war. a huge edi.ce, who'; iides were clothed with thunder. This mighty fabric contained near seven hundred people, gc verned by a few Chiefs, whose commands were obeyed with the quickness of the lightning's glance, and the frown of whose displeasure was followed by the severity of puniflment. We had made two thirds of our voyage to the coast of Britain, when a ship appeared at a dittance, which our fkili'l jplariners Toon perceived to be in diitre. I had so often witnessed whatl thought to be the exercilc of cruclh duri; g 1) 5 ( 58) my abode in this sea born fortress, that I did not expe&t the difireffes of people, whom they had never seen, would excite much of their compassion. In this, however. I was mifiaken. To my astonishment every effort was instantly made to at3brd relief to there firangers; and I beheld the toil flrengthencd nerves of these lions of the ocean, firained by the most v igo: ous exertions, to lave the aimnoft fink i!: g vessel. At length, the objeet of their labours was esea ed; and they, who had been so zealous to live, now appeared perfectly indihelrent to the expreliions of gra tituide and admiriation which ere poured out by the people, whom they had to ga1 lantly deliveicd fionl the jaws of defiuc lion. Our carlentcr was employed to repair the breaches in the unfortunate veff l. A CD as the wea'her was now calm, curiosity led the principal people ot our company to viiit the ship of the ftral: gers. I was among the number. But Oh! that I could obliterate fi-om m my mid the memory of a scene, the horrors of which no pen can describe, no tongue can utter, no imagination conceive. It was an English vessel, which had been on a voyage to; he coast of Africa , from whence it was iow proceeding to the British settlements in thel Welt: Indies , with a cargo , not of iilver and gold, not of costly spices and ( 59) rich perfumes, but of some hundreds of the most wnetched of the human race; a cargo of slaves . These miserable beings, were here huddled together in the squalid cells of a moving dungeon. Their uncouth icreams, their dismal groans, their countenances, on which were alternately depiled the images of fury, terror, and despair, the clanking of their chains , and the savage looks of the white barbarians, who commanded them, exhibited such a scene, as mocks description. Surely, tie mapnanimous Rajah n ill not imagine, that the perpetrators of this cru eliv could be the professors of a religion of mercy. No. Had a ray of knowledge enlightened their inderfiandings, through the tawny hue of the unlettered savage, they would have recognised the emanation of the creating Spirit; they would have perceived the kindred mind, which, in its progrefiive course through the stages of varied being, might one day inhabit the bodies of their own offspring. For my part, when I contemplated the scene before me, I anticipated, in imagination, the few swiftly rolling years, which might change the abode of the souls of these tyrant whites into the fiames of woe detined negroes ; while the present viktims of their cruelty , would in their turns, become the masters, and, fbeizing the (ccrpion whip of ( 60) oppression, retaliate their present susei ings with all the bitterrefs of revenge. But, alas! the divine dotrine of retribution is unknown to these Christians. No dread, f after punish ment ref rains theremo felefs land of cruelty . No apprehension of the vengeance of an ofsended Deity, diverts 'Lenm from the greedy pursuits of avarice,,, : disturbs the enjoyments of luxury. Fcr Ict it ro. stagger your faith in my veracity, w hen 1 inform you, that all this ag "regate of human misery is incurred, in order to procure a luxurious repast to the pampered appetites of there voluptuaiies, and that the unhappy negroes are torn Irom their country , their fiiends and families, for no other purpose, but to cultivate the sugarcane; a work of which the lazy sur.opeans are thenlelx es incapable. When I nmenrticn the slaves ofchiifiians, let i: o your imagination turn to the ondll: - mien of Asia, as if their ituaicon were pa ra!iclo.o. By the mild lat s of our Siiafer, and even by the lets bcievoknt irilitutions of Iahclnnmmd, slaves a: e con £dered as people who, having ba; tc!ed itheir liberty lbr plotecticn, ate entitled to the fliieif: jufiice, lenity, and indulgence. '1tey ale always ticated with kirdndes, and are mnofi fiequently the fiierds and to'ifidants of their nialers. But u ith these white savages, these mercilels chriiiia.s, ( 61) they are doomed to susser all that cruelty , instigated by avarice, and intoxicated by power, can inflit. Ah! beloved Hindostan! happy country ! paradifeof regions! the plant which in the transatlantic ifands is fattened with the blood of the wretched, with thee raises its blooming head, a voluntary offering to the pure and innocent childr n. That luscious cane, which the inhabitants of Europe purchase by the enormous mass ofmifery, is on the banks of the Ganga, the exclusive property of the laughing Deity, the heart piercing Cama; with it the son of Maya forms the Low, from which his flowery Ihafts are thrown at the sons of men: with it the blameless hermit approaches the altars of the rural Gods; and fi-om it the iimple iepafis of the favoured of Veefhnu receive their highest relish. But my observations on the religion of isle people of England, tfop not here. To obtain complete information upon this