houses, plough their fields, sell their timber trees, ihear their.fheep, and a hundred other things absolutely necessary to be done by somebody? They should therefore learn to behave with kindness and condescension to the industrious, and remember that the meanest artificer, if he discharge the duties of his station, is preferable to themselves, un lefs.they are distinguished as much'by their benevolence and greatness of mind as by their rank and riches. Neither should the poor ever forget how much they are obliged to their superiors, and how much they depend upon them, but treat them with all possible respect, and never envy them; for, as they have no money nor land - of their own, they must perish for want of necessaries unless they could obtain some by their labour. If they are so fortunate [ 121 3 fortunate as to be paid for what they do; they can purchase what they want with the money, you know, and may, in their humble condition, enjoy an equal share of happiness with the rich, and avoid many anxious cares'and dangers, to which an elevated station is.frequently exposed. I dare say you did not think there were so many curiosities at the bottom of the sea, nor (hold we ever have kniown it, but by the invention of ships , which was a very curious and useful contrivance. Fine china, muslins, calicoes, spices, and other articles, are' brought from the East Indies in ships , which carry back in exchange what our own country produces; they also convey to England vast quantities of tea, which is a plant that grows in the East Indies in" great abundance; the leaves of it are dried [ 122 ] dried upon plates of metal heated; this makes them curl; then they are packed in boxes and canisters, and sent to different parts of the world: But a good basin of milk, or tea, made from herbs, which our own gardens supply, are, in my opinion, greatly preferable, and much more wholesome for us. From the Welt indies we get sugar , which is produced by boiling the juice of a particular sort of plant called a sugarcane; the inhabitants have large plantations of it, which bring them in a great deal of money; but the poor negroes , who are em ployed to work in the plantations , undergo revere hardships. Negroes are black people; many persons in England, you know, have them for 'servants. Abroad they toil like horses, and are frequently much worse used, which is an exceeding barbarous thing, for they are men as well as their masters, though they be of that black 1[ 23, '] black colour; but how much does it pain me to tell you that this inhuman commerce , which puts these poor creatures into such a dreadful situation, is carried on by Englishmen, and even authorised by, our own laws. From Spain we get oranges, e mons, nuts, almonds, figs, and raisins, (which last are dried grapes;) from Lisbon the same, and, besides' those articles, a great deal of wine. If there were less of that it would be better; for many people drink so much of it as to hurt their constitutions. Would they make it a rule to drink only when they were thirsty or weary, and leave off drinking as soon as they were refreshed, they would preserve their healths, and might perhaps live many years longer. I could mention tthe produtions of other countries , but do not intend to travel round the globe with you; I hlall only tell you that there are many things 124. things valuable and worth observation in every part of the world; and those which you have no opportunity of feeing, you may read of in books, which will give you much better accounts of' them than I am able to do. You find, my dears, what great ife ships are of, but how shall I make vou understand the nature of a voyage ? I will take you both to Mr.wil son's, where you will see a model of a ship ; that is, a little thing made ex acly like one, only a great deal less, as you will judge by the figures which represent the sailors. Mr. Wilson will explain the mails, fails, ropes, and other parts, which I am totally unacquainted with. When a voyage is to be taken, the ship is first perfetly repaired, if it be not a new one, so that it may es feaually keep out the water, and not fink. [ 125 ] fink. The sails and mass must be in exact order, strong, tight, and whole, that they may be able to stand the force of the winds; then they lay in a great quantity of biscuits, as bread would soon get mouldy; several calks of fresh water, for that in the sea is very nauseous, some barrels of salt beef and pork, because they cannot get fresh' meat when they launch out into the wide ocean, and leave the fields and meadows behind them. They carry as much garden suss too.as they conveniently can; when it is gone, they are obliged to, make shift without, till they land' somewhere to get a fresh supply. A iflp which goes on a trading voyage , besides a flock of provisions, takes in her cargo , that is, the goods which the owner proposes to sell in foreign countries ; such as wool, watches, hardware, I mean knives fcif fars, various kinds of tools, and nume r us. [ r26 J rous articles, which other nations are glad to purchase from England, because they are made better here. Every ship requires a certain number of men, some more, some less, according to the size of the vessel for there is always a great deal of work for them to do, especially in.ftormy weather. One time all the sails must be spread in order to receive the wind, at other times all must be furled, or taken in, to. prevent the