or succeeded either to the crown of Spain, or that of the Two Sicilies, should return to their present poffefiors, the empress queen, and the king of Sardinia, or their de fcendantsi that all the contracting powers ihoulid! should guarantee to the king of Prufia Silesia, and the country of Glatz; that all those who had guaranteed the Pragmatic Santion, - should renew their engagements; and, finally, that the contract termed the Affiento, for supplying the Spanish settlements with negroes , should be enjoyed by the subjects of Great Britain; to which state Madras was restored, as Louifbourg was also to the French. This treaty restored tranquillity to Europe, by eltablifh ing that much wished for balance of power, which alone could ensure it. But this tranquillity was neither general, nor promised from the first to be permanent. Notwithstanding the harmony that appeared in Europe, the interests of the rival powers were too much at variance in other parts, to susser them to continue long at rest. From the very year of the peace France was eagerly employed in augmenting her naval force, in extending her power in the East Indies , and in endeavouring to conne, by a continued chain of forts , her distant American colonies of Canada and Louisiana. Her aetive ambition produced, in i753, the first proposal for a solemn compact compa& between the two great branches of the house of Bourbon. But the politics of Spain were. not yet ripe for such a measure. In the mean time the struggle for power and territory had produced those wars in the East Indies , in which the military genius of Clive was so often. distinguished. His first efforts were against M. Dupleix, .and Chunda Saib, the Nabob supported by him, whose attempts he effectually counteraaed, And in America petty contentions for certain sorts and territories of doubtful right were forming a prelude to the war, which A. D in 1755 was openly commenced between the French and Britifl nations , and which drew into the contest most of the other European powers. In the spring of that year two fleets were sent out to the coasts of North America, one from France for Canada, the other, a c6unter fleet of observation, from Britain. The main bodies of these fleets passed each other in a thick fog, but a partial engagement took place between two ships on each fide, in which two French men of war, the Alcide and the Lys, were taken. The Bri I 2 tie tifh government, perceiving that the war was now inevitable, pursued the blow, and immediately ifrued such orders as caused the capture of 300 trading vessels belonging to the enemy. But in other refpees the war commenced inauspiciously to Britain. General Braddock with his whole party was cut off in an expedition against fort du Quefne on the Ohio, and other attempts made in that quarter proved abortive. On the First of November 1755 happened that dreadful earthquake which destroyed the greatest part of Lisbon. The parliament of Britain immediately gave £. oo, ooo for the relief of the unhappy sufferers. In 1756 the war spread itself over the 176. greater part of the continent of Europe. Germany, France, Russia, and Sweden, were combined against Prussia and Great Britain. The objects of their hostilities were, the recovery of the territories conquered by the kling of Prussia, and the diversion of the force of Britain, by obliging her to defend Hanover. Sle was, indeed, as unfortunate in this campaign as her enemies could desire: the misconduct of admiral Byng, and the can sequent sequent. loss of Minorca, the total want of success in America, and themelancholy affair of the Black Hole at Calcutta, - all conspired at once to depress the spirits of her people. The king of Prussia, however, was making Germany the theatre of heroic ations. The great battle of Lowofitz in 1756, and those A.D.. of Prague, Rofbach, and Litfa, in 1757, were scenes of distinguished triumph to him: the only severe check he suffered was from Marshal Daun, at the battle of Kolin, Dresden and the whole of Saxony had sub. mitted to him. The convention of Clos ter seven, in 1757, in which the duke of Cumberland was obliged to make terms, to preserve his army from destruction, was of the complexion of the other fortunes of England at this j.uneure. But in the year A.D.. 1758 affairs began to take a different turn. Pitt, who was then at the head of the British administration, communicated the vigour of his genius to all the operations of his country . The expeditions against the coast of France, though attended with rn brilliant success, and in themselves rather disadvantageous than useful, were attended with this advantage, that they routed the spirit spirit of the people, and taught them rather to threaten invasion than to dread being invaded. The taking the island of Cape Breton in America was a solid advantage. In 1759 Guadaloupe, and some other of A.D.. the French West Indian islands, submitted to the British arms, and within a short time afterwards Ticonderoga, Niagara, and even Quebec, a capture in itself important , and rendered for ever memorable by the gallant conduct and heroic death of the English General Wolfe. Nor was Montcalm, who fell on the unsuccessful fide, less justly regretted and celebrated. In the East Indies , the arms of England under Colonel Coote were superior to those of France under Lally. In Europe, France suffered two defeats at sea, the one off Cape Lagos, on the coast of Portugal, the other in the bay of Quiberon, under the shores of Brittany. These two battles, which made a deduaion of ten capital ships from the marine of France, almost annihtlated for the time her naval power; and Bofcawen and Hawk, the two vic: orious admirals, were celebrated in England as the protectors and avengers of their country . In' Germany, Germany, the king of Prussia still made a noble stand against the most