more rare; and the combs,. tooth picks, and other things, we generally. use are made of the upper ihell. of the. amphibious tortoise, or turtle. thefe frequent the sandy beach of the sea in the West . Indies , where they conceal their eggs;; and those which escape the various animals that. live upon them, are hatched; by the heat of the fun. the eggs refern ble a string of little balls .covered with something like leather; and the instant the young turtles escape from their cone finement, they use their sins to run into' the sea;. where other enemies, as filii and' birds, wait to devour them so that out. of the great number of eggs, which sometimes amoun, to many hundreds, depo. fired by a single turtle, not one in ten. attains the size which renders them an: object to an epicure. enriettsa;. Henrietta. And how are they caught, mamma? Airs. Woodfeld. When they go on fitore to lay their eggs, the negroes , who know the places they frequent, go down to the shore, and, intercepting their flight to the sea, turn them, after which they have no power to use their sins, but remain a defenceless prey, till. the persons have collected as many as they can. Another way of taking them, is' by striking them with an initrument called a harpoon, as they float on the water. The. air in there tropical regions is so much clearer than in Europe, at least so much more so than the air of England, that objects at a great distance are seen more diftitlny than here; and the same difference is observed in regard to the sea objeafs are feen.many fathom under wate with a clearness, such as mofl lini pid fireams hardly allow us. Caroline. Yes, and so those sharks are seen, of which one has heard such frightful stories, particularly one recited in a poem I was reading this morning. Mrs; Mrs. Woodfeld. You mean that of Bryan and Percene, by a Dotor Grainger. it is not in my mind an happy subjee for a poem; it is too horrible and disgusting. Henrietta. What are sharks? Mrs. Woodfeld. Very large and frightful fish, which devour not only other fib,, but men. they are most frequent in the tropical seas, but are sometimes seen in the Bay of Biscay; and small ones have been taken even in the Channel. thefe hideous monsters follow the ships which we send to Guinea to convey slaves to our colonies; for of these unhappy men, women, and children, a great number die on their passage , and are thrown into the sea. Caroline. And what right have we to do this? It is ihocking even to think of it. Mrs. Woodfeld. To your young and generous nature it appears so, as it must indeed to every unadulterated mind but there there are persons who undertake to plead: for it, on various grounds -- sirs, on that of custom; - which is an argument that might equally be brought forward to support any abuse or wickedness: then on. necessity.. if God had created one race of men, with necessities which could: not be relieved but by the blood and. tears of: another. then,. it is said, that the negroes are happier, as slaves to Europeans, than they are in their own country . this remains to be proved; - and. we can certainly never prove it. I have conversed with. persons who have been present at negro sales, and they have assured me, that so far from feeling themselves happier, these miserable victims of commercial' avarice exhibit the. most assesing symptoms of despondence and anglifh.. Henrieta. But, mamma, why are they black - Mrs. tioodfeld. I can give you no other reason , than that it has pleased Godt to make them so; as it was his pleafire to make us white, -, aiother race of men in in North America are of. copper .colour; and the Asiatics, within certain; degrees of the line, are of another shade of yellow. Caroline. Pedro, my cousin Rivers's; servant, whom he brought with him from the East Indies , is an 'Aiatic, is he not. Mrs.. Wootdeld.. Yes, you remember he is not black like Mimbalh, nor fair like: Englifi people, but of a tawny complexion,, with firait coarse black hair;; he came from Bengal :. but in the northern. parts of the Continent of Asia, which is: a part of China, the Chinele and Tartars become fair, yet still with a particular. cast of countenance.. Elizabethb But Hottentots are black . Mrs. woodfeldi Hottentots are Afril cans. The Cape of Good Hope is in. africa and the natives differ little fromr the negroes we are accuitomed to see. , Elizabeth. Some of the flowers I have seen in bot houfes,. come from 'these places; places; that delicious Cape Jasmine, and many others. -- How charming the country must be, where such lovely plants, grow wild! Mrs. Woodfeld. We are apt to fancy so, because we cultivate these plants here with difficulty, and value them in pro, portion to the trouble they give us but the Hottentot, who perhaps passes by them as frequently as we do by the blackberry and the briar, has not, I believe, the reputation of loving perfumes, and undoubtedly, with the most perseet indifference, makes the little fire.he has occasion for, with the wood of plants, which we purchase here at a great expense, and hardly contrive to preserve in a languid exifgence by the help of artificial heat. Henrietta. But we, mamma, who love plants, should have pleasure in feeing those, which we admire here in an im. perfelt state, grow in the perfection which they have in their native climate. Mrs. Woodfeld. I am not sure of that, Henrietta. i have heard persons who have travelled in the South of Europe, and whose turn of mind led them to such observations, say, that coppices of myrtle, which are frequent there, are by no means beautiful, and