accept the promised Messiah, they must and will remain fugitives on earth! Lady Mary. I hope, my dear Mentoria, you have not quite finished, I feel myself so interefred in these Geographical traits; more particularly when you mix them with those oi history. Mentoria. I should be happy to expatiate on the sub jeet, but I must be under the necessity at present , of turning my thoughts to Africa , which is a Peninsula, and is joined to Asia by the Isthmus of Suez. It's situation is between 18 degrees West , and 50 East Longitude, and between 37 North, and 35 South Latitude, and is bounded by the Mediterranean Sea on the North; the Isthmus of Suez, the Red.sea, and the Indian Ocean on the East; and by the Atlantic Ocean on the West ; and the Southern Ocean on the South. Lord Lord George. Is Africa as bigas Europe, my dear Mentoria? Mentoria. It is nearly as large again, and is computed to be 14, 400 miles: in circumference. It is divided into the following countries , Barbary, Zaara, Egypt, Negroland, Guinea, Abyssinia, Abex, Nubia, Zanguebar, Anian, Monoimo topa, Monomugi, Congo, and Cafraria. Lady Mary. What are the principal Islands in Africa ? Mentoria. Madagascar, which also bears the name of St. Lawrence; the Cape de Verd ifhands; the Canaries, Madeira the. Guinea Isles; and the Islands of St. Helena, and Ascension, with some inconsiderable ones in the Ethiopic Sea. Lord George. Which are the most: famous Rivers? Mentoria. The Nile in Nubia and Egypt; the river Senegal, called Niger, of which the Gambia is only a part. Lady Lady Mary. Pray, my good Mentoria,. inform us of the different places most worthy of attention? Mentoria. The metropolis of Barbary is Fez, besides which there are republics of Algiers, Tripoli, Tunis, and Barca. Zaara the ancient Numidia. Negroland and Guinea, consist of six parts: Negroland, Guinea, Loango, Congo, Benguela, and Mataman. Abyssinia with Nubia, and the coast of Abex, is an extensive country , and has Egypt on the North. Zan. guebar and Anian is a barren desert inhabited by the Arabs. Cafraria, is the country where .the Hottentots 'live, near the Cape of Good Hope, whose manners are proverbially brutal. Monomotopa, joins to Cafraria, and is an inland trading country ; Monomugi is in the vicinage of Monomotopa, and of no great note. Egypt, the most distinguished African nation , has Grand Cairo for it's capital. Alexandria, and Thebes, also, were once objets of admiration and wonder. Lord .George. What are the most remarkable Mountains? lenlto'ia. Mentoria. The Lybian Mount near Egypt; and Mount Atlas, situated between Biledulgerid and Barbary, from which the Atlantic Ocean derives it's name; the Mountain of the Moon in Ethiopia; and a hill of an amazing height, in Teneriffe, one of the Canary Islands. Lady Mary. Was it not in Egypt the Children of Israel suffered such hardships? Mentoria. Yes: the Pyramids are supposed by some, to have been built by them, whilst in bondage , to serve as Mausoleums for the Egyptian Kings. Lady Mary. Is Africa a desirable situation, and are the inhabitants polished in their manners? Mentoria. It is a country that abounds with deserts, and for the greater part is of an unfavourable climate; the natives also are less civilised in their manners, than most other parts of the Globe. Lady Lady Loufa. Are riot poor Negroes sold in Africa ? Mentoria. Yes, the slave trade , as it is usually called, is tranfadied in Negroland, chiefly on the coast of Guinea; a kind of commerce which is repugnant to human nature, and an unjustifiable infringement, on the privileges granted by Providence, to every class of rational creatures: it mutl therefore be allowed to be a heinous crime to deprive a human being of that liberty , which the most ferocious beait, or meanest reptile enjoy. We must now leave Africa , and take an imaginary trip over the Atlantic Ocean, which will condut us to America. Lord George. I am impatient to hear the particulars of that part of the World, as at pretent the unhappy contest that subsists, renders it an universal topic of conversation. Mentoria. America (or the New World, as it is usually called) reaches from the North Pole to the 57th degree of South Latitude, it confifis of two large Continents, and is bounded to the North North by unknown parts; and to the South, by the South Sea; Eastward by, the Atlantic Ocean, and to the West by the Pacific Ocean, The Continents or Peninsulas already men. tioned, are diflinguilhed from their situations by the names of North and South America; which arc joined by Mexico, that forms an Iftfimus near 1, 500 miles iri length, yet at 'Darien the paifage is so narrow, the communication between the Oceans is easily effeaed, Lord George. From the account you have given of the dimensions of the Isthmus, I suppose the extent of America is very great. Mlentoria. It is about 8, ooo miles in length, and is an amazing traa of land, it is also naturally the hest provided with the comforts and conveniences of life, of any part of the Globe, and has peculiar advantages, refpefing communication with other places; as it is beyond compare better supplied with water than any, other spot in the known World. North America contains the following Provinces, the: Floridas, Georgia, Carolina, distinguished by the names of North and South, according to the the refpetive: situations, Virginia, Maryland, penfylvania, the Jerseys, New York, New England, Nova Scotia, Canada, Efkimaux or New Britain. Lord George. Are not the revolting Colonies there, my dear Mentoria? Mentoria. Yes, my Lord, the unhappy plan of taxing, and changing the government over them, disunited them from the Mother Country , and now the greater part are struggling for independency. Lord George. What are the chief towns of the Provinces just mentioned? amentoria. The capital of East Florida, is St. Augulfine; of West Florida, Pensacola; Georgia, ' capital Savannah; North and South Carolina, capital Charles Town; Virginia,