T - THE IN QUI S IT 0 R; 0 A, : I 1 O R, \ IN THREE VOLUMES. i BY Mas. ROWSON, AUTTOI OF VICTORIA. i SECOND AMERICAN EDITON. T a' ~ VOLUME II A. PHILADELPHIA: i Printed for katmew CAKEI, ookfeller, South arkct T Street, near Fourth. I I 794- * ~~~ 4 4 wu THE I N QUI S I T O R, c- -- - -- i EAST INDIAN CONTINUED. POOR fellow! said I, looking at him with an eye of compafion as he went out of the apartment Poor fellow! thou hast been hardly used by one man who called himself a Chriftlan, and it makes thee suspect the whole race but, surely, said I, it is not a man's barely professing Christianity, that makes him worthy that character; a man must behave with humanity , not only to his fellow crea tures, but to the animal creation, before he can be ranked with propriety among that exalted class of mortals. The man who with unmerciful hand scourges his have, does he then remember that the person he is chaltifing is endowed with the same sense of feeling as himself, and is as fenlible of pain, hunger, thirst, cold, aye, and all the social blessings of life? has filial, conjugal, and paternal affetion? -- then why, because he is a slave , thould you bellow on limn painful stripes, when yourself would shrink to receive but the finalleft of them Does the name of Slave , - Slave ! said I, rising ais*l spoke, while the sanguine tide that plays about my heart, rugned unbidden to my cheeks Why did I blush, .why, did I tremble, as I pro inounced the word slave It was because I was nfhamcd of the appellation it is a word .that hold never be ufed between man and man. the negro on the burning sands of Africa , was born as free as him who draws his first breath In britain and shall a Christian, a man .whose .mind is enlightened by education and religion, for a little sordid pelf, fell .he freedom , of this poor negro , only because he, differ from him in complexion? -- What right, igs ap Eproqpean to sell an African? do'they leave theier native land, and seek our coaf, by arts entice .u ucqntrymen away, and make them flayes -- tha S LAVE. I WAILED out, and endeavoured to dissipate the disagreeable reflecion; but the idea of slavery purled me aill. Unhappy man, said I, as busy fancy drew out the Sad scene. She held up to my mind's eye, a man born tp a good inheritance, and surrounded with all the comforts, all the blessings, he defired but he wag a negro . He was sitting in'his little hut. his jetty companion by his fide; one infant at her bread, two others prattling at her knee, ' lhe looked, he felt happy. Her husband, her children, were with her', serenity played on every countenance'; content had fixed her habitation in their dwelling -- Somie neu ropeans enter they deck his beloved children with baubles they tie beads round tl: e alms of his wife and ornament her jetty locks with glittering toys lie is charmed with their courtefy' }e walks. with them to the sea fide, and takes hlis boy, his eldest darling, with him they invite them on board the veftel poor soul : unfa.fpedilng tl re rachery, he goes and bids adieu to liberty for.everi iis wife, taking advantage of his absence, trims up their hut lays her dear babes to fleep and then prepares a sipper for her love, composed of wholesome roots and fruit lshe wonders Avlhy he stays She leaves her home, and walks towards the sea; fihx sees him embark her child goes too the sailors spread the sails the vessel moves diie shrieks but there my heart was wrung so keenly, I could go no farther. I left the wife, and followed the poor negro he had no comfort but the idea that he Thould be with his child; that he Should have it in his power to ear him if heavy talks were imposed, to guard him from dangers, and teach him to be resignel and contented. They arrive at 3arbadoes -- they are exposed to sale, and allotted to different marters. Alas! poor man, tears and intreaties are vain; .' yot are in the hands of the sons of Muamon. HI 7, i Fangy till led me forward -- I saw him when age and infirmities canme on without one comfort, with put one friend, on a miserable bed, sickness and remembrance his only companions he is weary of life he offers up a prayer for his till dear companion, for his children, his hapless enslaved child He dies and is .thrown into the grave without a prayer to consecrate the ground, without one tear of affeaion or regret being shed upon his bier. Had not that poor negro a soul! yes and in futurity it shall appear white and spotless at the throne of Grace, to confound the man who called himself a Christian, and yet betrayed a fellow-creature into bondage . It would give me a great deal of pleasure, said I, to have the history of the East indian but when I have got it, how shall I translate it I know nothing of the language; but, perhaps I may be able to procure a person to translate it for me. How do you do my good friend, said a manr rather Shabbily dreffed. now I make it a rule never to turn my back on a man because he had rather wear a threadbare coat, than run in debt with his taylor; so I turned about to present my hand to the person who addressed me with such cordiality, And perceived in him the features of an old Lfhool fellow. CI.Q - -'~ THE CLEROYMAN. I IFBR, said I, as we want forwardl fear yea have