woman was his wife; that terror as well as weakness had overcome her, from the dread Ihe had, in common with the rest, that she was to be sacrificed to the European gods, as soon as they were landed. Adolphus took his hand, for he turned aside in speechless agony, and bid him not cry, for when be was a man he should return to Jamaica and would give them both their freedom . Sambo sunk on his knees C z before before me, saying, co mafia be our slave . - Go my prince." - " Yes, (interrupted Adolphus, dropping ·' likewise by his fide,) Dear friend, take "Sambo to England: he was my father's C subject, and used to attend me when I was C an infant." - I immediately consented to purchase him; though, being a fine healthy young man, I imagined his price was rather high, and your liberal presents , which would otherwise have enabled me to gratify our noble boy's request, were not in specie, so that I was but scantily provided for such an unexpected expense. However, it was impossible to resist the suggestions of humanity , pointed and enlivened as they were by the innocent pleader, and Adolphus joyfully congratulated the astonished negro on his success, attempting, at the same time, to raise him from his knees. Sambo spoke not, but stood mute and dejected. Iifting his eyes to the boat which contained his his wife and child, he gazed on the assec ting objects till they had reached the land ing place, while your son, with the eager benevolence of youth, was drawing him towards the cabin steps, that he might go down to receive some refreshment. But Sambto gently remained fixed and pensive, till again resuming his humble posture and wringing his hands - " Sambo go Eng" " - Live with prince. - No whip, C no work like slave . - No. - Sambo " tay." - 4dolphus burit into tears, and, looking at me as if to read my thoughts, " Oh! " Mr. Hamilton, you will not let Sambo " stay to be a slave ? - Go with us, Sam" " him to go, mydear friend." I was really diftrcffed, and the more when the affectionate creature, kissing the prince's hand, his heart apparently riling to his throat, with a tremulous voice, said, -" Dear Massa, poor Sambo tank you, " - but, Omra stay, me stay too. Work C 3 all all day, - fare hard, - all for poor Om" " - Me go, who comfort her? She < cry, man laugh. - She lick, tired, labour " all day, no one pity. - She call Sambo, "<- Sambo gone. - Sink down. - CC Die! " - He could say no more, but, palling his arm over his face, strove to hide or wipe off the swelling drops that would force themselves apaffage. The scene was pitiable, but I continued silent; when Adolphus, as if impelled by rome happy thought, flew from us, ran down to his chest, and presently returning with a parcel, -" Here, (said he to the unhappy " man,) take this gold duff, it is all I have. Go, lose no time, fetch her on board. "We will all go to England together." Doubless, Zimza will admire the generosity of this abut what will he say to Sambo? who, pushing the treasure from him, cried -" Perish Omra, - perish " Sambo. - Me would serve my prince, "me would work, me would die, for him; ': but me will not malke him poor." 'Who Who could mortify the grandeur of an untaught soul, impelled alone by its native feelings? Who could check a liberality so amiable? How can the haughty masters of there wretched people account for such sublime affection, which, while dreading slavery worse than death, could brave its utmost fury, rather than desert a partner destined to the melancholy fate. - Again I was conquered, and, bidding Sambo take courage, told him means might yet be found to reunite him to likewise in the way most agreeable to his wishes. But now, when Adolphus explained what I said, his gratitude became more eloquent than his scanty knowledge of a few English words, acquired on his voyage , would permit and he employed every idiomof the Tonouwah language to express hisdelighr. I soon quitted him, to try the success of a scheme which partly depended upon a sudden and well timed impression, C 4 Going Going, therefore, into the cabin, where I had left several opulent planters, who were come on board to view the cargo , I mentioned, in a general way, the hardihips of those females who superadded, to the sorrows of their own captivity, that of introducing to their helpless little ones such an unfortunate inheritance; and then itrengthened my observations by a more particular description of the affair I had just witnessed. My remarks were received with the contemptuous half concealed finiles of one of my auditors; but, not intimidated, I went on to paint in strong colours the sus ferings of those poor creatures, and declared my intention to purchase Sambo, his wife and child, for the purpose of ii berating them, and freely added my wishes that I could emancipate the whole cargo . A look of incredulous wonder went round; when the abovementioned person, who seemed more interested than the rest, observed, served, that Sambo was his intended property, and he did not choose to give up such a valuable acquisition" "is owing (said another) to the false C indulgence there rascals meet with, from " people of Mr. Hamilton's description, "that they so hardily defy the wholesome ' severity so necessary to the keeping them " to their work. Idleness is a negro's cha ( ra&er; and, if he will rather bear the " whip than exert his strength, are we to be " tfigmatifed with cruelty , if we endeavour CC to cure them of that vice