?" "Prithee (answered the fiirit) add sullen" " and pride to the charge, and you ' then behold a complete African. - I " have a fellow on my plantation who C would lie down to receive correction. - "' To be sure, my overseer went a little C too far, one morning, in his duty. But C it was his obstinacy that provoked him. " The villain got well enough in a fort " " There is nothing to be done " without it, gentleman; nothing to be done. ·' done. Here I give forty, fifty, sixty, C pounds for a negro . well, he becomes " my property, and consequently I shall C do with him as I please; and let any of " these foft fouled gentry condemn me CC for it, if they please. I have the law on "my fide. - Let the dogs work or take " the consequence; and, as to the women, " let them work too. - I am sure they, ' cost us enough, - Depend upon it, if C once we slacken in our discipline, it is " all over with us." "True, sir, (said an elegant looking " man, who had hitherto kept a strict sis' lence, and whose friendship for our cap" " only had procured us the honour of " his company ,) you are undoubtedly right in your assertion, that pride, full" " and even laziness, are too often to be met with in such a numerous body " of untaught people. - But does it follow "that they are vices existing only in the i' disposition of a negro ? Certainly not. 'I have "( I have now upon my plantation a large " number of these poor despised oztcafts of (' nature, as a tenderhearted senator once " iyled them. I will not explain my mode " of treatment, but 1 will tell you its es "sets. A juftly founded report has lately "prevailed that I am about to quit them. '; Upon hearing which they struck their "' tools, and, notwithstanding the commands of an overseer, whom they were "' accustomed strictly to obey, (and who '' has not yet worn out one lash in my ser" ") they assembled at my gates, and, ' unused to disguise their feelings, poured " forth such a mixture of groans, tears, and " lamentations, as would almost have sos tened the heart of ****, expressing so " much artless sorrow for, and so much " fear of, a change, which, from compari " son they conceived there was much rea 4" son to dread, that I was obliged to sooth L what in general might have been severe' L y corrected." "Never "Never tell me, (interrupted the firit I' ipeaker,) never tell me, Mr. Sealy, of indulgence, tenderness, and such cant, we " must be rigorous, if we would be safe." This conclusion was confirmed by a violent stroke on the table with his sift. "And are you certain (said I) that rigorous treatment will always produce " the efie& you mention? Take care, " gentlemen, that the means you use to secure your interest prove not its deftruc " tion. The negroes are extremely nume " rous, and, should they once be routed to "a a sense of their undeserved usage, may "be provoked to a dangerous revenge. I " do not mean, at present , to descant on " their equality, as that, in my estimation, ·' admits not of a doubt. I shall take, for " a moment, your fide of the question, and " alk, if you think our bcajis of burden ", would quietly submit to the yoke, if they ' were sensible of their own importance ? "Now, as you mnuf allow these men the "poffelion t poffefllon of some degree of reason , is C there not danger to be feared (should ' they aft according to their feelings) that C a day may come when rebellion shall" " your land with blood, and the "< wretched dependents, you so severely " force beyond their strength, turn with " fatal fury upon their masters? And " which of you, in such an instant, would "oppose himself to an enraged multitude? "Which of you (except Mr. Sealy) could ·' confidently appeal for protection to the slaves of his own plantation , and exult "in the gentleness of that condn&, the "reward of which would be your certain ' safety ?" Mortified, but unconvinced, they remained silent; and, as it was not so much my business to irritate their pride as to rouse a sense of interest, I adverted to my first subject, and calmly allured them it was Sambo's intention, if left upon the island in slavery , to free himself and family by by a fldden death. (Something like this the poor man hinted to Adolphus.) This threat succeeded beyond expecation. The plantet willingly gave them up upon terms more moderate than could have been sup poted, and I found myself enabled to gratify my young friend in giving liberty , for flch. I may call it, to the objects of his benevolence. We have taken Sambo's family onboard, but to paint their rapture in its t: ue colours, as it breaks forth in every look and ation to Adolphus, would be impossible; nor shall [ particularise the share Itake in their artless thanks. - Adieu, my noble friend. I shall trust this letter to a captain who is commissioned, for some secret but important reasons , to navigate the coast of Sierra Leona. An uncommon though fortunate circumstance this, as you know the difficulty attending a voyage from the West indies to Africa . I imagine; notwithstanding those delays, they they must reach you before the European ships . Adolphus sends every wish for Zimza's health and peace. · Ever Yours A. HAMILTON. 7ournal of Mr. HAMILTON's Voyage to England. Port royal, May 17. hemorning breaks with every prognostic of an approaching tempest. Pale fecions of rainbows, with a