Bethel, by entering into the interests of those I am with, to call off my thoughts from my own, ori should find this very long space of time, in which I have failed to receive letters from England, almost insupportable. At the very moment I complain, I see my servant Warham approaching the house I fly, impatiently, to receive news of Geraldine, of you, of all I love; and hope to have a long, a very long letter to write, in answer, tomorrow, to those I ex pea from you we go back to Montfleuri N 3 the the next day: this will therefore be the last pacquet you will receive from hence. LIONEL DESMOND.; bote. The latter part of this narrative is a sort of free translation of parts of a little pamphlet, entitled, "Hiltoire d'un malheureux Vassal de Bretagne, &crite par lui meme," in which the excessive abuses to which the feudal system gave birth, are detailed. LE T L E T T ER XIV TO MR. BETHEL. Montfleuri, Oaober ro, 1790. WHAT did I say to you, dear Bethel, in my letter of the 29th of August, that has given you occasion to rally me so unmercifully about Madame de Boifbelle; and to predict my cure, as you call it 1 cannot now recolleet the contents of that letter; but of this I am sure, that I never was more fondly attached to the lovely woman, from whom my destiny has divided me, than at this moment; or ever saw the perfections of other women with more indifference were it possible for you, my friend, to comprehend the anguish of heart which I have felt ever since your last letters gave me such an account of the * Answer to letter XT. situation situation of Verney's affairs you might be convinced, that time, absence, and distance, have had no such effec in altering my sentiments; and that the filler of my friend Montfleuri, were she even as partial to me, as some trifling occurrences I have related, may have led you to imagine, can never he to me more than an agreeable acquaintance. far from being able to detach my mind from the idea of Geraldine's fituation i have undergone continual raillery firom Montfleuri, for my extreme de jeetion, ever since I heard it if these dif tressing scenes should become yet more alarming, I shall return to England. there I shall, at least, learn the progress of that ruin, which, though I cannot wholly prevent, I may, perhaps, soften to her, for whose sake alone, I deprecate its arrival 'Restless and wretched, I left Hauteville, hardly conscious of the progress of my journey; and since I came hither, have had a return of that lurking fever which made my and it follows, that while the means of corruption exist to an extent so immense, there muss be a venal majority; and, of course, every question, however ruinous, will be carried . -- While this is the cafe, and while every attempt to remedy this original sin of the constitution is opposed (though the necessity of that remedy has been allowed by the greatest statesmen of our country ) while every proposal to make it really what it is only nominally, raises a cry as if the subversion of the whole empire was intended - I cannot agree to unlimited praife though moss certainly willing to allow to you, that a greater portion of happiness is diffused among the fubjets: of the British government, than among any other people upon earth. But this rather proves that their condition is very wretched, than that ours is perfetly happy. carried on a little in the same way, was the argument that I heard not long since, against the abolition of the detestable Slave Trade . I was pleading for it with a member of parliament , who has an ejfate in the iyejt Vol. III H. Indies ., Indies , and who has been there himself, some years ago, when he commanded a man of war. i talked warmly (for I had just been reading the reports of the committee) and I talked from my heart. My adversary, well hackneyed in the ways of men, treated all I could say as the ill digested speculation of a hot head enthusiast, who knew nothing of the matter"' "' are young, Mr. Desmond," said he, "very young, and have but little con fid red the importance of this trade to the prosperity of the British nation : besides, give me leave to tell you, that you know nothing of the condition of the negroes neither, nor of their nature. they are not fit to be treated otherwise than as slaves , for they have not the same senses and feelings as we have. a negro fellow minds a flogging so little, that he will go to a dance at night, or at least the next day, after a hearty application of the cat. they have no understanding to qualify them for any rank in society above Ilaves; and, indeed, are not to be called men they are monkeys." kies." " Monkeys! Sir !" exclaimed I, " that is, indeed, a most extraordinary assertion. Monkeys!! believe, indeed, they are a very distinct race from the European so also is the ftraight haired and fine formed Asiatic- -- are the red men of North America but where, amid this variety, does the man end, and the monkey begin? I am afraid if we follow whither this inquiry will lead us, that we shall find ourselves more degraded than even by the whimsical system of Lord Monboddo. if the negro , however, is a monkey, let me hazard one remark that their very near affinity to us, is too clearly ascertained by the alliances we have formed with them. Nay, I have even heard that captains of our ships of war, have often professed that they prefer the fable nymphs of Africa to the fairer dames of Europe" "pale unripened beauties of the