o'ertheir struggling limbs, the furious billows swec( V "! barbarous Power! relentless Fate! "Does Heaven's high will decree " That some should sleep on beds of state, - "Some, in the roaring Sea? " Some, nursed in splendour, deal Oppression's blow, "While worth and DRACO pine in Slavery and woe i log VI " Yon Vessel oft has ploughed the maia "With human traffic fraught; "Its cargo , our dark Sons of pain" "worldly treasure bought! "What had they done ?-0 Nature tell me why "Is taunting scorn the lot, of thy dark progeny? VII "Thou gavest, in thy caprice, the Soul "Peculiarly enshrined; "Nor from the ebon Casket stole "The Jewel of the mind I "Then wherefore Ict the suffering Negro's breast " Bow to his fellow, MAN, in brighter colours dressed. VIII "Is it the dim and glossy hue "That marks him for despair ?- "While men with blood their hands imbrue, "And mock the wretch's prayer? "Shall guiltless Slaves the Scourge of tyrants feel, "And, even before their GOD! unheard, unpitied kneel. 110 IX "Could the proud rulers of the land "Our Sable race behold; "Some bowed by torture's Giant hand "And others, basely sold! "Then would they pity Slaves , and cry, with shame, "Whatever their TINTS may be, their souls are still the same! X " Why seek to mock the Ethiop's face? "Why goad our hapless kind? "Can features alienate the race "Is there no kindred mind! " Does not the cheek which vaunts the roseate hue " Oft blush for crimes, that Ethiops never'knew? XI " Behold! the angry waves conspire "To check the barbarous toil! " While wounded Nature's vengeful ire" "round this trembling Isle! " And hark! her voice re echoes in the wind" " was not formed by Heaven, to trample on his kind' 111 XII " Torn from my Mother's aching breast, "My Tyrant sought my love" " in the Grave shall ZELMA rest, "Ever she will faithless prove" " DRACO Thy companion I will be ' To that celestial realm, where Negros shall be free! XIII "The Tyrant WHITR MAN taught my mind" "lettered page to trace; - "He taught me in the Soul to find "No tint, as in the face: "He bade my Reason , blossom like the tree" " fond affection gave, the ripened fruits to thee. XIV " Withjealous rage he marked my love; "He sent thee far away; - " And prisoned in the plantain grove" "ZELMA passed the day" " ere the moon rose high above the main, " ZELMA, and Love contrived, to break the Tyrant's chain . 112 XV "Swift, over the plain of burning Sand "My course I bent to thee; " And soon I reached the billowy strand "Which bounds the stormy Sea. "draco! my Love! Oh yet, thy ZELMA's soul "Springs ardently to thee, impatient of control. XVI "Again the lightning flashes white" "rattling cords among! " Now, by the transient vivid light, 'I mark the frantic throng! "Now up the tattered shrouds my DRACO flies While over the plunging prow, the curling billows rise. XVII "The topmast falls three shackled slaves " "to the Vessel's side! "Now lost amid the maddening waves" "on the mast they ride See! on the forecastle my DRACO stands " And now he waves his chain , now clasps his bleeding hands. 113 XVIII " Why, cruel WHITE man! when away "My sable Love was torn, "Why did you let poor ZELMA stay, On Afric's sands to mourn? " No! ZELMA is not left, for she will prove " In the deep troubled main, her fond her faithful Lov." XIX The labouring Ship was now a wreck, The shrouds were fluttering wide! The rudder gone, the lofty deck Was rocked from side to side Poor ZELMA's eyes now dropped their last big tear, While, from her tawny cheek, the blood recoiled with fear. XX Now frantic, on the sands she roamed, Now shrieking stopped to view Where high the liquid mountains foamed, Around the exhausted crew 'Till, from the deck, her dgaco's well known form Sprung mid the yawning waves, and buffetted the Storm. H 114 XXI Long, on the swelling surge sustained Brave draco sought the shore, Watched the dark Maid, but never complained, Then sunk, to gaze no more! Poor ZELMA saw him buried by the wave And, with her heart's true Love, plunged in a watery grave. 115 The TRUMPETER, AN OLD ENGLISH TALE. It was in the days of a gay British King (In the old fashioned custom of merrymaking) The Palace of Woodstock with revels did ring, While they sang and carous'd one and all: For the monarch a plentiful treasury had, And his Courtiers were pleased, and no visage was sad, And the knavish and foolish with drinking were mad, While they sat in the Banqueting hall. 116 Some talked of their Valour, and some of their Race, And vaunted, till vaunting was black in the face; Some bragged for a title, and some for a place, And, like braggarts, they bragged one and all I Some spoke of their scars in the Holy Crusade, Some boasted the banner of Fame they displayed, And some sang their Loves in the soft serenade As they sat in the Banqueting hall. And here sat a Baron, and there sat a Knight, And here stood a Page in his habit all bright, And here a young Soldier in armour bedight With a Friar carouse, one and all. Some played on the dulcimer, some on the lute, And some, who had nothing to talk of, were mute, Till the Morning, awakened, put on her grey suit And the Lark hovered over the Hall. 117 It was in a vast gothic Hall that they sat, And the Tables were covered with rich gilded plate, And the King and his minions were toping in state, Till their noddles turned round, one and all: - And the Sun through the tall painted windows 'gan peep, And the Vassals