finall kingdoms and states. GUINEAS GUINEA, or as it is usually called the Coast of Guinea, contains these six parts, 1. Guinea, 4. Congo, 2. Benin, 5. Angola, 3. Loango, 6. Benguela. These comprehend all the countries which Europeans trade to on the west coast of Africa , for ivory, gold, and slaves . The natives are Pagans, and are the Negroes so well known by their flat noses, thick lips, and Short woolly hair. These poor creatures are sold by their countrymen, and frequently by their own families, to the traders , who tranibort them to the West India islands to work in their plantations . The English have James's Fort , on the river Gambia. The French and Dutch have also settlements on these coasts. ETHIOPIA, situated on the South of Egypt, contains there three vall countries , viz. I. Nubia, 3. Abex. 2. Abyssinia, This extensive country is governed by a King, styled Prester John, or rather, by the Turks, Prester Khan, that is, " King of Slaves ," they receiving most of their slaves from thence. The natives call him Negafca Negafcht, which signifies " King of Kings," and he is absolute in all affairs. Their religion is a mixture of Christianity and Judaifin. Their Their chief commodities are gold, metals, gems. ZAN QUEBAR, including AJAN, extends along the eastern coast of Africa , tiom Mozambique up to the Straits of Babelmandel, at the entrance into the Red Sea. It is a barren, sandy, hot desert, but thinly inhabited by Muslims, who are of a tawny complexion, not black . The Portuguese trade here fur slaves , gold, ivory, ostrich feathers, citrons, perfumes, aloes, and frankincense. MONOMOTAPA is a large country surrounded by Caftiaria. The natives are Pagans; and are tall, handsome, and black . The Portuguese trade with them for gold, silver, copper, ivory, oil, and rice. MONOEMUGI is an inland country contiguous to Monomotapa, on the north of it; which is but very little known to us. CAFFRARIA is the most southern country of all Afiica, inhabited by the Hottentots, who are stupid, irrational creatures, without any sign of religion, government, or ccconomy. They are of a middle fizc, but meagrc, and exceedingly nimble in the chase; their language somewhat resembles the clucking of a turkey cock. They feed upon the intelllt2s of animals, which they wrap tirlt for tome time about their limbs. 'The The Cape of Good. Hope, belonging to the Dutch, is the moult foutherm and principal part, where most ships put in for refierehments on their voyage to India, and all parts of the f.aftern Ocean. It is very mountainous, and the top of the Cape is always covered with a cap of clouds before a storm. It was named the Cape of Good hope by the Portuguese, who first sailed round it in i493, and discovered this paaflge to Asia. Seation LXXXVIIT. OF THE AFRICAN ISLANDS. THE Afiican Ifands in the Indian Ocean are, Madagafear, or Law Cornera Ifies, rence, Zocatra, Mauritius, Babelmandel. Bourbon, Those in tle Atlantic Ocean are, St. i elcna, Cape Verd Illes, Afcention, Canary I lies, St. Matthew, Madeira Islands, Guinea Islands, Azores, or \ 'Ctcli Gorce, Isles. 'i'hc~ic There are, befides.the above, several clusters of islands on, the eastern coast of Africa laid down in maps, but nowhere described. MADAGASCAR is the largest of all the African islands, being near 0ooo miles long, and generally between 2 and 300 miles broad. It abounds in cattle, corn, vegetables, fruits, valuable gums, and most of the necessaries of life; and is a pleasant and healthy country , though in so hot a climate. It has several petty ravage kings of its own, both Arabs and Negroes , who make war upon each other for slaves and plunder. MAURITIUS lies to the east of Madagascar, and is about 150 miles in circumference. It belongs to the French; and produces very fine ebony, and various other kinds of valuable wood. BOURBON is another finall island possessed by the French, at no great distance from Mauritius; it is said to be healthy and fertile, and well flocked with cattle. The coast is surrounded with blind rocks, and very dangerous. On the southern extremity of this island there is a volcano. The French first fettled here in 1672, after they were driven from Madagascar; and their East-india ships generally touch here for refreshments. The COMORA ISLES lie between the continent of Afiica and Madagascar. Joanna is the chi f, chief, and affords plenty of small bullocks, which have a hump on their backs; and tropical fruits. These are very acceptable to ships which put in here for provisions. The inhabitants are of the Mahometan religion, and are a very civil humane people. ZOCATRA lies off the most eastern cape of Africa , near the entrance to the Red Sea; it is a populous, fruitful island, famous for its aloes. BABELMANDEL is a very small barren fpor, lying at the mouth of the itraits of the same name, and being not quite five miles round. The Ethiopians and Arabians formerly contended for it with great fury, as this strait was then the only passage through which the commodities of India sound their way to Europe; but since the discovery of the Cape of Good Hope, the trade by the Red Sea is of little importance . ST. HELENA is the first island on this fide the Cape of Good hope, at which place all the English East-india lhips Itop for fresh provisions and water, in their way home. It appears no better than a high, ftcep, barren rock, but when you get into the country you find it agreeably diversified with verdant hills and valleys, and various plantations . The principal inhabitants are mostly defiended from English parents, and the black natives are their servants and slaves . ASCENTION ASCENTION is a mountainous, barren, uninhabited island, but has vast numbers of turtles, or tortoises, on its ihores, wrich are a great refi elhment to seamen. ST. MATTHEW is another finall uninhabited island. These three islands were discovered by