to us. CAFFRARIA is the most southern country of all Africa , inhabited by the Hottentots, who are stupid, irrational creatures, without any ign of religion. government, or economy. They are of a middle size, but meagre, and exceedingly nimble in the chase; their language fornewhat resembles the clucking of a turkey cock. They feed upon the intestines of animals, which they wrap first for some time about their limbs. The Cape of Good Hope, belonging to the Dutch, is the moult foutlhern, and principal part, wlicre moflt sips put in tor rcfrc!lmcnts on their voyage to India and all parts of the Eltlern Ocean. It is very mountainous, and the top of tli Cape is always covered with a cap of clouds, bfclore a florin. It was nmncd the Cape uo Good Hope by the Portuguese, whlo tirit iled round it, in 1498, and discovered tllis pallage to Asia. U SECTION SECTION LXXXVIII OF TIE AFRICAN ISLANDS. T HE AFRICAN ISLANDS in the Indian Ocean are, Madagascar, or Lawrence Comera Isles Mauritius Zocatra Bourbon Babelmandel. Those in the Atlantic Ocean, are, St. Helena Cape Verd Isles Ascension Canary Isles St. Matthew Madeira Islands Guinea Islands Azores, or Western Ifnes Goree There are, besides the above, several clusters of islands, on the Eastern Coast of Africa , laid down in maps, but nowhere described. MADAGASCAR is the largest of all the African islands, being near 1ooo miles long, and generally between 2 and 300 miles broad. It abounds in cattle, corn, vegetables, fruits, valuable gums, and most of the necefalries of life; and is a pleasant and healthy country , though in so hot a climate. It has several petty, savage kings, of its own, both Arabs and Negroes , who make war upon each other for slaves and plunder. MA - MAURITIUS lies to the eat of Madagascar, and is about 150 miles in circumference. It belongs to the French; and produces very fine ebony, and various other kinds of valuable wood. BOURBON is another small island polleffed by the French, at no great distance from Mauritius; it is said to be healthy and fertile, and well flocked with cattle. The coast is surrounded with blind rocks, and very dangerous. On the southern extremity of this island, there is a volcano. The French first fettled here, in 1672, after they were driven from Madagascar; and their East-india ships generally touch here for refreshments. The COMERA ISLES lie between tle continent of Africa and Madagascar. Joanna is the chief, and affords plenty of finall bullocks, which have a hump on their backs; and tropical truits. Thcic are very acceptable to ships which put in here for provisions. The inhabitants arc of the Maliometan religion; and are a very civil, humane people. ZOCATRA lies off the mofl eastern cape of Africa , near the entrance to the Red Sea; it is a populous, fruitful island, famous for its aloes. BABELMAN DEL is a very fnall, barren spot, lying at the moutl of the 11raits of the same name, and being not quite five miles round. The Ethiopians and Arabians formerly contended for it with U 2 great great fury, as this firait was then the only passage through which the commodities of India found their way to Europe; but since the discovery of the Cape of Good Hope, the trade by the Red Sea is of little importance . ST. HELENA is the firt island on this fide the Cape of Good Hope; at which place all the English East-india hips stop for fefh provisions and water, in their way home. It appears no better than a high, sleep, barren rock; but, when you get into the country , you find it agreeably diversified with verdant hills and valleys, and various plantations . The principal inhabitants are nmotly descended from English parents; and the black natives arc their servants and slaves . ASCENSION is a mountainous, barren, uninhabited island, but has vail numbers of turtles, or tortoises, oil its shores, which are a great refrclh ment to seamen. Sr. ma'rti iew is another finall, uninhabited island. The three lall mentioned islands were discovered by the Portuguese. The GUINEA ISLANDS are situated ill the gull of Guinea, ald belong to the Portuguese. They are four, St. Thomas, Anaboa, Prince's Island, and Fernando Fernando Po, which furnish their hipping with provisions and fresh water. GOREE is a finall spot, not more than two miles in circumference, lying very near the continent by Cape Verd; its importance arises from its situation for trade , which has made it the subjet of contention among European nations : it is now in puffef sion of the French. CAPE VERD ISLANDS are a large cluster of islands, so named from their verdure. The ancients called them, Gorgades, or Land of Gorgons; and Hesperides, or Golden Apples, well known in poetical flory. They belong to the Portuguese, who are furniflned from thence with salt and goatskins. St. Jago is the largeit, and the residence of the Portuguese Viceroy. The Island of Fogo is a remarkable volcano. The CANARY isles, anciently called t le Fortunate Islands, lying in a cluflr, are situated near the coast ot Morocco, and belon to Spain. The principal of themi are, Grand Canaria, 'tcllriffe, and Ferro. They abound in moult delicious fruits, and are particularly famous for the rich Canary wine, and for those little beautiful sin ing bilds called canary birds. 'clneri ik, Teneriffe, the second in size of those islands, is particularly remarkable for the high hill called The Peak, already mentioned: it is a volcano, and sometimes throws out quantities of sulphur and ore. It has been before observed, that the Dutch make this their first meridian; and the French take their's from Ferro. The MADEIRA ISLANDS belong to the Portuguese, and lie on tle North of the Canaries. The largest of these islands, from which the others take their name, is about 75 miles long and 60 broad; its chief town is, Funclial. It is composed of one continued lill, of