by Mahometan princes: The chief port is Benjar mafleen, which carries on a commerce with all trading nations . Sumatra Is about rooo miles long, and o0o broad. This island produces so much gold, that by some it is thought to be the Ophir men K tioncd tioned in the Scriptures; but its chief trade with Europeans is in pepper. The English Eaft india Company have a settlement here, Bencoolen, or Fort Marlborough, from whence they bring their chief cargoes of pepper. The seacoasts are governed by Mahometan, and the interior parts by Pagan princes. The greaterf part of Java belongs to the Dutch, who have here erected a kind of com mei cial monarchy: Their capital is Batavia, a noble and populous city, built in the manner of those in Holland; it is the residence of the Dutch governor-general, and the chief of all their settlements in the Eait indies , but it is extremely unhealthy. The ANDAMAN and NICOBAR ISLANDS lie in a cluster in the Bay of Bengal, and are inhabited by a harmless, inoffensive people. CEYLON is separated by a narrow strait from the coast of Coromandel. It is about 250 miles long, and 200 broad, and thought to be the richest and finest island in the world; producing excellent fruits of all kinds, pepper, cotton, silk, ivory, ebony, ' tobacco, musk, crystal, saltpetre, iulphur, lead, iron, steel, copper, betides gold, silver, and all kinds of precious stones, except diamonds; but is particularly fimous for cinnamon. The country abounds with game, and the leas with fish. The Ceylon elephant is preferred to all others. In 1656 the Dutch were invited by the natives tives of this delicious island to defend then against the Portuguese, whom they expelled, and have monopolised it ever since to themselves. The native king is in a manner shut up in his capital city, Candy, which stands on a mountain in the middle of the island; so that he has scarce any communication with other nations , or any property in the riches of his own dominions. Batacaloa and Trinquimale are two very considerable Dutch fettlel ents. The MALDIVES are a vast cluster of finall islands, or rocks, just above the water, lying near Cape Cororin. They are chiefly resorted to by the Dutch, who trade with the natives for couries, a kind of little shells, vwhich pass in exchange instead of finall coin, on the coasts of Africa and India. The JESSO ISLES lie northward of Japan: The Danes trade here for furs. The KURILE ISLES, and those of KAMSCHATKA, in the northern part of the Pacific Ocean, are not much lknown. In i783 some new islands, lying to the eastward of the Marianas, were accidently discovered by an English Ship being wrecked upon them. They are called the Peleu Islands, and are inhabited by a moult hospitable, friendly, and aniable people. Our officers and men remained there several months after the lots of their ship , and were treated by the natives with the utmost kindness and humanity and when K 2 tlhe they took their departure, the king of the island entrusted them with his own son, that he might have an opportunity of learning our language, customs, and manners. This young prince, whose name was Le Boo, had the most promising appearance; but unfortunately he was seized with the smallpox, and died within a few months after his arrival in London. Seoion LXXXII OF AFRICA . A F R I C A is a large peninsula, joined to Asia by the Isthmus of Suez, which is a narrow neck of land, about sixty miles over. This continent is bounded on the North, by the Mediterranean Sea, between it and Europe; South, by the Soutlern Ocean; East, by the Indian Ocean, Red Sea, and Isthmus of Suez, which divide it from Asia; West , by the Atlantic Ocean. The third quarter of the globe may be divided into the twelve following parts: i. Barbary, 2. Egypt, 3. Belidel 3. Belidelgerid, 8. Zanguebar, 4. Zaara, 9. Monomotapa, 5. Nigritia, or Negro Io. Monoemugi, land, I i. Caffraria. 6. Guinea, 2. The African 7. Ethiopia, Islands. It is about 4300 miles from north to south, that is, from Cape Bona, in the Mediterranean, to the Cape of Good Hope; and about 4000 miles east and west from Cape Verd to Cape guarda fui, near the Straits of Babelmandel. Africa is situated between about 35° south latitude, and 37° north latitude. Seteion LXXXIV OF AFRICA . TH E principal rivers of Africa are, The Nile, which rites in Abylfinia, runs through Nubia and Egypt, and discharges itself into the Mediterranean Sea; The Niger, which running through all Northeast goland, after a course of almost 3000 miles, falls into the Atlantic; k3 The The Gambia, and the Senegal; on which rivers the English have some settlements. The principal mountains are, The Atlas, a ridge extending from the Western Ocean, as far as Egypt, between Barbary and Belidelgerid. It took its name from a king of Mauritania, who was a great astronomer, and used to observe the stars from its summit; from whence the poets represented Atlas as a giant, bearing the heavens on his shoulders. This mountain gives name to the Atlantic Ocean. The Mountains of the Moon, in Ethiopia, covered with Ihow and ice, are still higher than Atlas. The Sierra Leona, or Mountains of the Lions, divide Negroland from Guinea, and extend to Ethiopia. The exceeding high hill, called the Peak of Teneriffe, one of the Canary Isles, which is in form of a sugar loaf, and said to be three miles perpendicular height, and can be seen at an hundred and twenty miles difiance. The Dutch make this their firit meridian of longitude. Mount Abyla, opposite Gibraltar, said tu bl one of the pillars of Hercules. As the greatest part of this extensive country lies between the tropics, the heat is in mainy places almost inilpportable to an European; ic being greatly increased by the reflction of