of the wonders of tie world. 2. In 2. In UPPER EGYPT, the chief city is, Said, the ancient Egyptian Thebes, which once had in it an hundred royal palaces. Egypt is the most remarkable nation of all Africa , and abounds with curious antiquities. Among these the principal are, the vast Pyramids, three miles west of Grand Cairo, fuppoefd to have been built by the children of Israel when in bondage , for sepulchres 'for the Egyptian kings. The basis of the largest covers eleven acres of ground, and its perpendicular height is five hundred feet. These itupendous itructures are reckoned among the wonders of the world. The mummy pits are ubterraneous vaults, oi prodigious extent, in which are found the bodies of people embalmed, and buried three thousand years ago, yet perfect and distinct at this clay. The Labyrinth is another wonderful curiosity, being cut from a marble rock, confilling of a multitude of houses, and several palaces, the intricacies of which occasion its namle. The vast fertility of Egypt is owing t the annual overflowing of the Nile, which runs through various canals, that are cut for supplying tlceir fields and gardens with water; and most kinds of grain, vegetables, and fruits are produced in great abundance. , lithe chief commodities are, linen, flax, cassia, balm, gums, drugs, sugar , rice, and other grains, and leathers of all sorts. Egypt abounds in black cattle, afres, and a fine breed of horses. The hippopotamus, or river horse, all amphibious animal, and the rat called ichneumon, are natives of this country ; as is also the bird ibis. The rulh called papyrus, which grows upon the banks of the Nile, is one of the natural curiosities, and served the ancients to write upon. The manner of hatching chicken, in ovens, is common in Egypt. The descendants of the original Egyptians are an ill looking, slovenly people, immersed in indolence, and are diftinguified by the name of Coptis; in their complexion they are rather sunburnt than swarthy or black . The Coptis in general are excellent accomptants, and many of them live by teaching the other natives to read and write They pretend to be of the Christian religion, but Mahometanifin is the prevailing worihip. The princes of the line of the Pharaohs sat on the throne of Egypt, till Cambyles II king of Persia conquered this country , 520 years betore the birth of Christ; and it continued part of the Persian fian empire, till Alexander the Great vanquished Darius. On the death of Alexander, his conquests being seized on by his generals, Egypt bfll to the hare of ptolemy, and again became an independent kingdom, about 300 years before Chril; and his successors ever after retained the name of Ptolemies. In this line it continued, till the famous Cleopatra ascended the throne. After her death, Egypt became a Roman province; and thus it continued till the successors of Mahomet expelled the Romnans about the seventh century. In the time of the crusades, Egypt was governed by Noredden, whose son was the famous Saladin, who fought against the Christians, and retook from them Jerusalem. He instituted the military corps of Mamalukes; who, about the year 1242, advanced one of their own officers to the throne. Egypt for some time made a noble tand against the Turks, under there illuitrious usurpers: but after several bloody defeats, in 1513, it became reduced to its present slate of subjection. It is now governed by a Turkish bashaw, who resides at Cairo; and a certain number of beys or begs, are' appointed over the different provinces, under his authority. SECTION SECTION LXXXVII OF THE OTHER AFRICAN STATES. BELIDULGERID, and ZAARA : we scarce know anything of these large territories, except that they are a part of the ancient Numidia and Lybia, and that they contain immense deserts; and indeed we are almost equally ignorant of all the interior parts of Africa . NIGRITIA, or NEGROLAND, is a very large country , nearly in the centre of Africa at the broadest part; it is divided into several finall kingdoms and states. Gu INEA, or, as it is usually called, The Coast of Guinea, contains these six parts: 1. Guinea 4. Congo 2. Benin 5. Angola 3. Loango 6. Bengula. These comprehend all the countries which Europeans trade to on the wvef Coast of Africa , for ivory, gold, and lavcs. The natives are Pagans, and are the Negroes so well known by their flat noses, thick lips, and llhort, woolly hair. These poor creatures are sold by their countrymen, and frequently frequently by their own families, to the traders , who transport them to the West India islands, to work in their plantations . The English have James's Fort , on the river Gambia. The French and Dutch have also settlements on these coasts. ETHIOPIA, situated on the South of Egypt, contains these three vast countries , viz. 1. Nubia 3. Abex. 2. Abyffitlia This extensive country is governed by a King, ityled 'reitci John, or rather, by the Turks, Prefler Khan, that is, " K'ng of Slaves ; " they receiving most of their laves from thence. The natives call him Negafca Negdfcht, which signifies " King of Kings," and he is absolute in all affairs. Their Religion is a mixture of Ciliftianity and Judaifni. Their chief commodities are, gold, metals, and gems. ZANQOUEBAR, including A AN, extends along the callern coast ot Atlica, fioni nmozanmlique up to the tlr.aits ot baclielanidcl, atl lic enrallcc into the Red Sea. It is a batrcn, landy, hot lerrt, Ilit thinly inhabited by Malhometals, who arc of a tawny comn plexion, not black . tilc The Portuguese trade here for slaves , gold, ivory, ofirich feathers, citrons, perfumes, aloes, and frankincense. MONOMOTAPA is a large country , surrounded by Caffratia. The natives are Pagans; and are tall, handsome, and black . The Portuguese trade with them for gold, silver, copper, ivory, oil, and rice. MONE MUGI is an inland country , contiguous to Monomotapa, on the north of it; which is but very little known