fish. The Ceylon elephant is preferred to all others. In 1656, the Dutch were invited by the natives of this delicious island, to defend them against the Portuguese; whom they expelled, and have monopolised it ever since to thelnfelves. The native king is in a manner shut up in his capital city. Candy, which tands on a mountain in the middle of the island; so that lie has scarce any communication with other nations , or any property in the riches of his own doiniiiions. Batacaloa and Trinquimale are two very con iderable Dutch fettleinents. The The MALDIVES are a vast clufler of small islands or rocks, jus above the water, lying near Cape Comorin, they are chiefly resorted to by the Dutch, who trade with the natives for couries, a kind of little shells, which pass in exchange instead of small coin, on the coaits of Africa and India. The JESSO ISLES lie northward of Japan: the Danes trade here for furs. The KURILE ISLES, and those of KAMTSCHATKA, in the northern part of the Pacific Ocean, are' not much known. In 1783, some new islands, lying to the eastward of the Marianas, were accidentally difcovereld by an English sip being wrecked upon them. They are called the Pelew Islands, and are inhabited by a rnoft hofpitale, friendly, and amiable people. Our officers and men remained there several months after the loss of their ship , and were treated by the natives with the utmost kindness and humanity ; and when they took their departure, the king of the island intrufied them with his own son, that he might have an opportunity of learning otti language, customs, and manners. This young prince, whiofe name was Le Boo, had the moult promising appearance: but, unlortunaely, he was seized( with the smallpox, and died within a few months after his arrival in London. SECTION SECTION LXXXIII OF AFRICA . A FRICA is a large Peninsula, joined to Asia by the Isthmus of Suez, which is a narrow neck of land, about sixty miles over. This continent is bounded, on the North, by the Mediterranean Sea, between it and Europe; South, by the Southern Ocean; East, by the Indian Ocean, Red Sea, and Iflhmunu of Suez, which divide it from Asia; West , by the Atlantic Ocean. The third quarter of the globe may be divided into the twelve following parts: t. Barbary 7. Ethiopia *. Egypt 8. Zanguebar 3. Belidulgerid 9. Monomotapa 4. Zaara 1o. Monoeinugi 5. Nigritia or Negroland 11. Caffraria 6. Guinea 12. The Afiican Islands. Africa is about 4300 miles from North to South; that is, from Cape Bona, in the Mediterranean, to tile the Cape of Good Hope; and about 4oo000 miles East and West , from Cape Verd to Cape Guardafui, near the Straits of Babelmandel. It is situated between 359 South., latitude, and 37° North latitude. SECTION LXXXIV OF AFRICA . T HE principal Rivers of Africa are, the Nile, which rises in Abyssinia, runs through Nubia and Egypt, and discharges itself into the Mediterranean Sea; The Niger, which, running through all Negro land, after a course of almost 3000 miles, falls into the Atlantic; The Gambia, and the Senegal; on which rivers the English have some fettlernents. The principal Mountains arc, the Atlas, a ridge extending from the Wellern Ocean, as far as Egypt, between Barbary and Belidulgcrid. It took its name from a king of Mauritania, who was a great astronomer, and used to obfirve the liars fron its flm mit; from whence the poets crcprleft Atlas as a giant, bearing the heavens on his liouldcrs. T'lis This mountain gives name to the Atlantic Ocean. The mountains of the Moon, in Ethiopia, covered with snow and ice, are still higher than Atlas. The Sierra Leona, or mountains of the Lions, divide Negroland from Guinea, and extend to Ethiopia. The exceeding high hill, called the Peak of Teneriffe, olie of the Canary Illes, which is in form of a sugar loaf, and said to be three miles perpendicular height, and call be seen at an hundred and twenty miles diilance. The Dutch make this their first meridian of longitude. Mount Abyla, opposite Gibraltar, said to be one of the pillars of Hercules. As tle greatest part of this extensive country lie: between the Tropics, the heat is in rnany places almost insupportable to an European; it being greatly increased by tle reflection of the rays of the fun from vast deserts o burning sands. Tle coafis, however, and banks of rivers, arc generally ertile; and moll parts of tlis region are inhabited, though it is stir front being so populols as Elluope or Asia. Along the coalis of tec Nlcditclrranea, auid in Egvpt, belibdulgerld and Zt; 11, I, tie people are of a tawny complexion, aml (diec like the Turl; s; Ibut, i tle other parts of this qluarter, the inlabi Iaxuts iae quite bllck. ithe better sort of negroes wear thil else ad witt Cps, but (lie po go .ao1111 na; ikd, having T oiily only a filall piece of skin , or coarse fluff, wrapped about their waifis; and the poor Hottentots who inhabit Caffraria, daubed with grease and foot, and having tleir arms, legs, and neck wrapped round with the raw entrails of beasts, make a most despicable and naty appearance. As to their Religion, they are chiefly Pagans and Muslims; and some few, Christians, in Abyssinia. The Muslims polcefs Fgypt, and all the Barbary coa; the southern and all the interior parts are Pagans. In Barbary, Nubia, and Egypt, the commodities are, rice, figs, raisins, Olanges, lemons, citrons, almonds, pomegranates, olives, dates, senna, leathers, civet, ugar, and indico. in Negroland and G: inea, oilrich featlhers, gold dufl, elephan's teeth, pepper, and llaves, which are purchascd and transported to the West -india plantations ; a barbarous Iralic between man and man! To the South, along the co: ill, he trade is in am bergreafc, muifk, civet, leimo'ls, millet, pearls, gold dust, c. chiefly carlced ol by the Dutch and Portuguese. Tlhe