inhabitants, being descended from the French, are of the Romiflh religion, al;! have a bishop of that persuasion appointed by his Britannic Majesty. The principal towns are, q.ebec, on the river St. Laurence; and Montreal, on an island in the same river. In this country are the immense lakes before mentioned; the largest of which, called Lake Superior, is of prodigious extent, being 500 leagues in circuit, and containing several large islands. These lakes communicate with each other, and are navigable to any vefleis, except near that ftupcndous cataract, called the Falls of Niagara. The ftreamn here is near a mile wide, where the rock crosses it in the form of a half moon. moon. The perpendicular height is one hun. dred and forty six feet, and the noise is ofter heard at the distance of fifteen miles. In Canada the winters are extremely severe, and the summers very hot, yet pleasant. It abounds in various sorts of animals, birds, and fish. The chief exports are peltry, gen sing, slake root, and wheat. nova scotra lies on the east of Canada, between the river St. Laurence and the Atlantic Ocean; and is about 350 miles long, and 250 broad. The chief towns are, Halifax, and Annapolis. Here, as well as in Canada, are very large forests; the timber is extremely proper for ihip building, and produces pitch and tar, which are the principal articles of commerce . The native Indians of this country are called Scurignois. se7io!. XCIV OF SPANISHI america. OLD mexico, or NEW SPAIN, is a large and rich country , the most southern part of North america, and almoll surrounded by seas (Oil on every fide, except the north, where it is bounded by New Mexico. It is about 2000 miles long, and 800 miles at the broadest part; but towards the Ifthinus of Darien it is extremely narrow. The chief towns are, Mexico, the capital,. situated about the middle of the country ; La Vera Cruz, on the Gulf of Mexico; Acapulco, on the South Sea, from whence fail every year two rich galleons, called Spanish Register Ships , to the Eaft indies . One of these ships was taken by the English admiral, the late Lord Anson, in 1744, having a rich cargo in specie, and other valuable es feets on board, estimated at one million and six hundred thousand pounds sterling. Mexico; lying for the moult part within the torrid zone, is excelrvely hot. It is rather more abundant in fruits than in grain. The principal commodities here are, gold and silver in abundance, cochineal, and cocoa,. from which nut chocolate is made. The present inhabitants may be divided into Whites, Indians, and Negroes . The Whites are either boin in Spain, or they are Creoles, that is, natives of Spanifl Ame ica, ldie'nde(l from the Spaniards : The indians, notwithstanding the dcvaflt: tions of the first invaders, remain in great nunlibl rs: The Negroes have been already mentioned. The civil government is administered by tribunals, bunals, called Audiences; in which courts the viceroy of the king of Spain presides. The inhabitants and government are nearly the same in all the Spanish dominions. The conquest of Mexico, by Fernandez Cortez, has been already related. NEW mexico lies on the north of Old Mexico its chief city is Santa Fe. This is a country of immense extent, and but very little known to us. CALIFORNIA is a peninsula contiguous to New Mexico, on the western coast, of which we know but little. It was discovered by Cortez; after which our famous navigator, Sir Francis Drake, took poffitflon of it, in 1578, and his right was confirmed by the chief of the country . This title, however, Great britain has not hitherto attempted to vindicate, though California is admirably situated for trade , and on its coast has a pearl fithery, of great value. louisiana is a country of prodigious extent, stretching fi-om the Apalaclian Mountains to New Mexico; and fi-om Florida up to the lakes of Canada, and parts unknown. The capital is New Orleans, situated on the river Mississippi. Louisiana, lb called firom Lewis the Fourteenth, was discovered by the French in 1633, but has been since ceded to the Spaniards. It is extremely well watered, and the air very healthy; it produces wax, timber, pitch anil t; ar, tar, indigo, tobacco, drugs, and an excellent balm, called copalm, or fweet gumn grain of various sorts, and furs. FLORIDA extends from the east fide of the Miffifllppi to the frontiers of Georgia, including all the islands within six leagues of the coast; and is about 500 miles long, and 400 miles broad. It is divided into east and west . The chief town of East Florida is St. Augustine, on the ocean. The capital of West Florida is Pensacola, on the gulf of Mexico. This country is very fruitful, though not yet brought to the highest perfection of cultivation. It was first discovered by John Cabot, towards the year 1500; and lately ceded to the Spaniards by the British. sestion XCV OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. THESE states are bounded on the North, by Nova scotia and Canada; South, by Florida; East, by the Atlantic Ocean; West , by the Apalachian Mountains. They They extend from north to south about Iooo miles, and are situated between 31° and 47° north latitude., NEW-ENGLAND is divided into four provinces, which rank among the United States; viz. Provinces. Chief Towns. I. New Hampshire,. Portsmouth, 2. Massachuset's Bay, Boston, 3. Rhode ifland and Providence Plantations , 4. Conneticut, New london, and 4. Connecqicut, ^ ^ Hertford. Boston is the metropolis. It is large, handsome, and well built, and contains nearly twenty thousand inhabitants. The principal commodities of this country consist in all sorts of materials for ihip building. New-england was colonised in the year i 62i, by the Puritans; and is still mofftly inhabited by Independents and Presbyterians. new-york borders upon New-england, and is divided into ten counties. Tile chief city is New-york, containing above 2, 000 inhabitants.