Along the Coast of the Atlantic Ocean, there arc no extensive Dominions, the Inhabitants being moly fiubhjec to petty Princes of their own, vwho being almost continually at War with one another, fell lleirp Prisoners for Slaves : The European Nations have been induced for the Protcftion of their Trade therein, and other Commodities, to ercit several finall Forts in different I'laces, to enumerate whiclh old be tedious: The llfadlcrns, the Canaries,; ind L le ape da e rerp de Islands, are the mons conidelrable on this Coast; the only one poll'cfed by the Engliyj7 is a very fmill one, called St. Iclena, frequented by the eafil dia Ships . At the iouthern Extremity of this Continent is situated the Cape of Good liope, where the Dutch eajt India Company have ibuilt a tolerable Town lor the Convenience of their Shipping : From hence again, along the Eastern Coast, both on the Ocean and in the Red sea, very little that is remarkable offers itself. At At some Distance, howe cr, from that Part of this Coast which is lwalhed by the Ocean, is situated one of tile largest Islands in tle World, called i/ladagaacar; which has been at diferent Times the asy lum of European Pirates. A ME R I C A. T HHIS large Continent was firt discovered by Colutnlus, in the Year 1492, who sailed from Spain, in search aster a new Paflhgc to the Eaf indies . He first fell in with the Islands of San Salvador, and then discovered the Island of Jamaica, the Havana, c. and afterwards the Continent. Anmerica is called thelseu n World, because it was so lately discovered, and extends from the Seth Degree North, to the 56th Degree of South Latitude, and where its Breadth is known, from the 35th to the 136th Degree of Welt Longitude, from London, stretching between 8 and 9000 Miles in Length, and in its greateit Breadth 369o. It secs both Hemispheres, has two Summers and a double Winter, and enjoys all the Variety of Climates which the Earth affords. It is walled by the two great Oceans. To the Eaftwardit has the Aitlantick, which divides it from Europe and Africa . To the West it has the Pacijick, or great South Sea, by which it is separated from /jia. i3y these Seas, it may, and does, canyon a direc Commerce withl the other three Parts of the World. It is composed of two great Continents, one on the North, the other on the South, which are joined by the Kingdom of lmexico, which forms a Sort of Isthmus 1500 Miles long, and in one Part of Darien, so extremely narrow, as to make the Communication between the two Oceans by no Means difficult, being only 60 Miles over. In the great Gulf, whicl is formed between the Iltlmus and the Northern and Southern Continents, lie an infinite Multitude of Islands, many of them large, moult of them fertile, and denominated the lefi indics, in contradillinclion to the Countries and Islands of ia, beyond the Cape of Goda hope, which are called the Eafl indies . The Spaniards were the first European Inhabitants who settled in llmerica, and lill have imnenflc Territories in the South Part of it, and no inconsiderable Slla: e of what is properly called Norbth jeric; they border on the United States, being in pollcflion of the Floridas. Tle French had some Settle mcnt& along thc River mijippi, arl made a Settlement at its Mouth mouth the Country is called Louisiana; but the Sfaniards have rooted them out. All the Golden country of America is claimed by the Spaniards; their Cruelties to the Natives in their first Conquests will never be forgot; and now the Inhabitants of the North have eftablifled an Independent Empire on the basis of Freedom , no doubt the Spirit of Liberty will ere long pervade the whole of this vait Continent, and Spain no longer tyrannise over Millions of Americans in the South, who ought to enjoy the same Freedom as their Brethren of the North. The Spaniards susser no Foreigners whatever to trade with their Colonies on the Continent; and Government keep a very itrit xwatch over their Subjects -- Revolts, however, freqlunctly happen, but they are generally promoted by the Indians, in order to free themselves from the Spanijd Yoke, and hitherto these Revolts have been subducd. The SPANISH DOMINIONS in NORTH america, are EAST and WEST florid, 500o Miles in Length, and 440 in Breadth, ceded to themnby Great britain by the late Treaty of Peace; bounded by Georgia on the North; the Mijifippi on the West ; the Gulf of Mexico on the South; and the Straits of Bahhama on the Eats. The chief Towns are Pensacola, and St.. Augiliae. newr MEXICO, including CALIFORNIA, 2000 Miles in Length, and 600o in Breadth, bounded by unknown Lands on the North, by Louiiana on the East; Old Mexico, and the Pacific Ocean on the South and Wetl. It is divided into four Grand Divisions, and there into four Subdivisions. The chief Town Santa Fe. OLD MEXICO, or NEW SPAIN, zooo Miles in Length, and 600 in Breadth; bounded by Newv Mexico on the North; by the Gulf of Mlexico on the North eait; by Terra Firma on the South eat; and by the Pacific Ocean on the Southwell: Divided into three Provinces, oviz. Gnalacia, Mcxica Proper, and Gautimala. The chief Towns are Gutadalajarra, Mexico, Acnpurlco, Vera Cruz, and Gautimala, which City was swallowed up by an Earthquake, on the 7th of June, 1773, with 8000 Families. A new City of that Name is now built at some Distance. SPANISH DOMINIONS i, SOUTHI america, are TERRA FIRMA, in Length 1400 Miles, and 700 ia Breadth bounded by the North Sea (ipat of tlhe Atlantic Occanlf Ocean) on the North.; by: the same Sea and Surrinam on the; East; by the iavazons and Peru on the South; and by the Pa rif.ct Ocean and new Spain on the West ; has two Grand Divisions,