that after it is spun, they could not use it, till it had gone through the Hands of many poor Workmen: They thould therefore learn to behave with kindness and condescension to the Industrious, and remember, that the meanest Artificer, if he discharges the Duties of his fiation, is preferable to themselves, unless they are distinguished as much by their Benevolence and Greatness of Mind, as by their Rank and Riches, The poor should never forget how much they are obliged to, and how much they depend on, their Superiors, but treat them with all possible refpet, and never envy them; for tley, in their humble condition, ( 137) condition, may enjoy an equal (hare of Happiness, and avoid many anxious cares and dangers, to which an elevated Ration is frequently exposed. I dare say you did not think there were so many curiosities at the bottom of the Sea, nor should we ever have known it, but by the Invention of Ships , which was a very curious and useful contrivance. - Now we can send to the East Indies for Tea, fine Chi. ma, Muslins, Calicoes, Spices, and other Articles, and carry them in exchange, what our own Country produces. - We can have Sugar from ( t3) from the West - Indies , which grows there within a particular sort of Plant called Sugar canes, the Inhabitants have large Plantations of it, and sell it for a great deal of money, but the poor Negroes undergo vast hardships who are employed to work: in the Plan. tations. negroes are black Peo pie; many persons in England, you know have them for Servants. Abroad they toil like Horses, and are frequently much worse used, which is an exceeding bar, barous thing, for they are menas well as their Masters, though' they are of that ugly colour. From ( '39) Ftom Spain we get Oranges, Lemons, Nuts, Almonds, Figs, and Raisins, ( which are dried Grapes) - from Lisbon the same, besides thoffi Articles a great deal of Wine. If there were less of that it would be better; for many people drink so much of it as to hurt their confcitutions. Would they make it a rule, to drink only when they were thirsty or weary, and leave off drinking as soon as they were refreshed, they would preserve their healths, and might perhaps live many years longer. - I might mention the productions of other countries , but do not ( 1; 4) not intend to travel round the Globe with you. 1 shall only tell you, that there are many things valuable and worth observation, in every part of the World, and those which you have no opportunity of feeing, you may read of in Books, which will give you much better accounts of things than I am able to do. you find, however, what great use Ships are of, but how shall I make you understand the nature of a Voyage ? - I will take you both. to Mr. Wilson's, where you will see a Model of a Ship ; that is a little thing made exactly like one, only a great deal less, as you will judge by the figures which represent C 141 rent the Sailors. - Mr. Wilson will explain the Masts, Sails, Ropes, and other parts, which I am totally unacquainted with. When a Voyage is to be taken, the Ship is first perfectly mended, if it is not a new one, so that it may effetually keep out the Water and not fink. The Sails and Mlafis must be in exac order, strong, tight, and whole; that they may be able to stand the force of the Winds; then they lay in a great quantity of Biscuits, as bread would soon get mouldy, several calks of fresh Water, for that in the Sea is very nauseous, some Barrels of salt Beef and Pork, because ( i42) because they cannot get frefl Meat when they launch out into the wide Ocean, and leave the Fields and Meadows behind them. They carry as much garden stuff too as they conveniently can, and when it is gone, are obliged to make ihift without. A Ship which goes on a Trading Voyage , besides a flock of provisions, takes in her Cargo , that is, the Goods which they propose to sell in foreign countries , such as Wool, Watches, Hardware, I mean Knives, Scizzars, various kinds of Tools, and numerous Articles which other Nations are glad to purchase from England, ( 143 England, because they are maide hest here. every Ship requires a certain number of Men, some more, some less, according to the size of the Vessel; for there is always a great deal of work for them to do, especially in stormy Weather. one time all the Sails must be spread in order to receive the Wind, at other times all must be taken down to prevent the Vessel's being overset by violent gusts of Wind. they have large iron things on board called Anchors, with prodigious Ropes tied to them, which they fasten to the. Vessel, and when they want to keep the Ship in a particular place, they calf them into the Seas where ( 144) where they can reach the.bottom, and they slick in and fasten, so as frequently to preserve the Ship from being lost. Somebody on board is obliged frequently to keep letting down the Line with the leaden Plummet, that they may know the depth of the Water. AMAN, called the Pilot, sands at the Helm, and takes hold of a thing called the Rudder, by means of which he can turn the Ship which way he pleases. wvhen the Vessel is perfeetly prepared, and ready for her Voyage , the Captain is impatient to be gone, and keeps himself and il11 his jolly Tars in : readiness to fail ( i45) sail with the sirss fair Wind; but I believe I must inform you what I mean by a fair Wind. let