and unknown design of providence: The heavenly instigation came with a prevailing force, and I could not but obey its diatates. The price set on this captive, was extravagantly high, and such as would be a vast disadvantage to my present affairs, to part with: However, I listened to the gentle monitor within, and paid the corsair his full demands. As soon as I had conducted the youth to my lodgings, I told him, he was from that moment free; the price I had paid was for his friendship and liberty . Then you. have confined me (replied the gentle stranger) by the most lasting engagements; I might have broke through any other restraint, but I am now your voluntary slave , and dare trust you with a secret yet unknown to the Spaniards: amy Name is Orramel, the only sin of a wealthy Bassa in Con Z 2 ftantinople, ftantinopl: :, and you may demnand what you will for my ranfonm. rou will soon be convinced (said I) there was no mercenary intention in this a lion; the amity I have for you is noble and disinterested; it was kindled by a celefiial park, an emanation from the divine clemency, and terminates in nothing below your immortal happines : And were you inclined to examine those Sacred truths which would lead you to that felicity, and to Share my fortune in a free and happy nation , the wealth of the Indies Should not buy you from my affeglions : But if it is your choice to return to the customs and religion of your country , you are ab/olutely free, without attending any terms for your release. With a friendly, but dejeeed look, he told me, it was impossible for him to dispense with his filial obligations to an indulgent parent; but he positively refused his freedom , 'till he had given intelligence, and received an answer from his father; which he soon had with a Cart Blanche to me, on which I might make my own demands for his son's ransom. I returned it, with no other terms, but the liberty of all the Christian saves he had in his possession; hoping by this disinterested condut, to leave a convicion on the mind of my young friend, in favour of Christianity. He could persuade me to receive nothing but tome little present , and left me with an apparent concern. It was some Mofiths after he was gone, before I could finish my negotiations in Spain; but as soon soon as they were dispatched, I embarked for Holland. We had not been a week at sea, before the Ship was taken by a furki/h pirate, and all the men in it carried to Conflantinojle, to be sold as slaves : My lot fell to a mafler, from whom I was like to find most barbarous treatment; however, I was resolved to endure my bondage , 'till I could give intelligence to my friends in England, to procure my ransom: I was fixed to this, that no hardship should reduce me to give Orramel an account of my distress, 'till I was again in circumstances, not to need his kind ners, nor expeet a retaliation of my own. But heaven had kinder intentions by bringing me into this adversity, nor left me long without redres : As I was talking in a public place, to one of my fellow flaves, Orramel came by; he passed beyond me, but instantly returning, looked on me with great attention, 'till some melting sorrow dropped from his eyes: When, making inquiry of some that were near, to whom I belonged, and being informed; without speaking a word to me, he flew to my new master, p.iid his demand for my ransom, and immediately conducted me to his house, where he welcomed me with the warmest marks of affetion: He spoke - he paused and was in the greatest perplexity, to find language suitable to the sentiments of his soul. My Brother! (said he) my Friend !oris there are more sacred ties in nature or virtue, let me call you by some gentler appellation : Ye are now united Z 3 by by the bands of celestial amity, one in the same holy faith, and hopes of a glorious immortality: Tour charity rescued me from a worse than Spanish slavery , from the bondage of vice and superstition; your condu, 7 banished my prejudices to the Chrifian name, and made way for the entrance of those heavenly truths, to which I now afjent. But this is a secret even to my own domestics;; whether such a caution is criminal, I am not yet able to determine. With what rapture, what attention, did I listen to this language! I blessed the accents, that told me my friend, my Orramel, had embraced the Christian Faith: An angel's song would have been less melodious: I looked upward, and with a grateful elevation of mind, gave the glory to the fuipreme Disposer of all human events. The intlint was from above, that first moved me to ranforn this young captive; thence was the 1pring of my compassion: It would be vanity, it would be the most criminal arrogance, not to ascribe this u&ion to the alifting Deity. The illustrious Orramel made it his joy, his itudy, to evidence his affletion: He told me, his father died since we parted in Spain, and that he had left five daughters, which he had by several of his wives: He offered me the choice of his fiters, if I had any thoughts of marriage, and promised a dowry with her to my own content: One of them, he said, was privately bred a Chrillian, by her mother, a beautiful woman of Armenia: I was pleased with the proposal, pofal, and impatient to see my fair mistress. In the mean time, he made me a present of several rich habits, and two Negro's to attend me. The next day, he condu6ted me to a fair summerhouse, whither he sent for