the moilf lasting engagements; I might "have broke through any other restraint, but I; am " now your voluntary slave , and dare trust you with a <' secret yet unknown to the Spaniards: My Name is ' Orramel, the only son of a wealthy baf/a in Con' ' and you may demand what you will for my ' ranfonm. "You will soon be convinced (said I) there was no ( mercenary intention in this action; the amity I have " foryou is noble and disinterested; it was kindled by ' a celestial spark, an emanation from the divine clemency, and terminates in nothing below your inm " mortal happiness: : were you inclined to examine "' those sacred truths which would lead you to that ' felicity, and to fhllre my fortune in a free and happy " nation , the wealth of the Indi ; s llould not buy you "from "from my affetions: But if it is your choice to return". ". cutoms. and religion, of: your country , you: are a absolutely free ..without. attending any terms for, your release' '. : a.friendly, .but dejeqtd;, look, he told me, it was impossible for' him to dispense with his filial obli gatioris to an indulgent parent; .bbu he positively re ftufed his.freedonm, 'till he had, given intelligence, and received .an: anfwei from his father; which he soon had with a Cart Blanche. to me, : oon which I might make my own.demands .for his son's ransom. I returned it, with no other terms, but the liberty of all the Christian slaves he had in his possession; r hoping by this disinterested conduct, to leave a conviction on the mind of my youngfriend,. in .favour of chriftianity. He could persuade me to receive nothing. but: some little present , and left me with an apparent. concern. lit was some months after he: was gone, before I could, finiifh my negotiations in Spain; but, as soon as they were dispatched, I embarked': for: Holland.: - We had not been a week at sea, before the. ship was taken by a 1urkijh pirate, and all the men in it carried to Constantinople, to be sold as slaves : My lot fell to a master from whom I was like to find most barbarous .treatment; however, I was resolved to endure my bondage , 'till I could give intelligence to my friends in England, to procure my ransom: I was fixed to this, that no hardship should reduce me to give Orramel an account of my distress, 'till I was again in circumstances, not to need his kindness, nor expect a retaliation of Tmy own. But heaven had kinder intentions by bringing me into this adversity, nor left me long without redress: As I was talkingin a public place, to one of my fellow slaves , Orramel came by; he passed beyond me, but instantly returning, looked on me with great attention, 'till tome melting sorrow dropped fi-om his eyes: When, making inquiry of some that were near, to whom I belonged, and being informed; witlout Ipcak 11p ing a word to me, he flew to my new master, paid his demand for my ransom, and immediately conducted me to his house, where he welcomed me with the warm eif marks of affection: He spoke -- he paused -- - and wais in the greateit perplexity, to find language uiiitable to the sentiments of his ioul; .-' -" My. brother!, (fid be) my friend.! - or if there "' are more sacred ties ihn nature or virtue, let me call s you by some gentler appellation : We .are now united ' by the bands of celestial amity, .one in the same holy faith, and hopes.of a'.glorious immortality: Your " charity. rescued me from a worse than Spanif slavery , : firom the bondage of vice and superstition; your con' ' banished my prejudices to the Christian name, " and made way for 'the entrance of those heavenly "truths, to which I; i'npowaffnt. But this is a secret " even to my own .domestics; and whether such a i' caution is criminal, I. am not yet able to determine." With what rapture, what attention, did I listen to this language! I blessed' the accents, that told me my friend, iy Orramel, had embraced the Christian faith: An angel's song would have been less melodious: I looked upward, and with a grateful elevation of minrd, gave the glory to the fuprenie Disposer of all human events. The inftinat was from above, that first moved nme to ranolm this young captive; thence was the spring of my compassion: It would be vanity, it would be the most criminal arrogance, not to ascribe this action to the affif ing Deity. The illustrious Orramel made it his joy, his ffudy, to evidence his affc6ion: He told me, ' his father died since we parted in Spain, and that he had left five daughtces, which he had by several of his wives: He offered me the choice of his lifters, if I had any thoughts of marriage, and promised a dowry with her to my own content: One of them, he laid, was privately bred a Christian, by her mother, a beautiful woman of Armenia : I was pleated with the propo.fill, and impatient to .t ie, : my air imiffrefs. In .the mean time, he made me a present of feveral.ich habits, and two Negroes to. attend. me. The next day, he conducted me to a fair summerhouse, whither he sent for his sisters; who were all so handfomee, that I .was distressed with my own liberty , nor'knew: .where to'chufe, had not a principle of piety determined me to the young Armenian; who was not superior in beauty to the rest, but there was a decorum in her behaviour, which' the others wanted: She had more of the modesty and politeness of the European women, to whom you know I was always partial: My choice was fixed, and tlhe more I converted with my