present conduaed; indeed it is painful to humanity to enter upon such a subjet. The slave ships , on their arrival on the Aftrica coast, usually lie on the river about a mile below 'Biony tozvn; and here they build a prison on deck 'for the purpose of confipini the Negroes they shall purchase. Sometimes fifteen sail, Engl;, / and French, 'but chiefly the former, meet together. Soon after they cast anchor, the captains go on shore to make known their arrival, and to inquire into the state of the trade . They likewise invite the kings of Boniy to come on board, to whom they make presents of cloth, cotton, chintz, silk handkerchiefs, and other 'India goods, and Sometimes of brandy, wine, or beer; presents are also made to a small number of persons, who style themselves Parliament Gentlemen. After permission has been obtained for breaking trade , the Captains go on fltore to make their putr chases, and numbers of slaves are brought down by the bladk traders from the inland parts of the country , some of whom, according to their own accounts, travel many hundred miles, and there is reason to believe many of them are kidnapped, and afterwards exposed in fairs, where the black traders buy them of others, and sell them to the Europeans. The day before they are exposed to sale, they are cleaned and oiled with palm oil, and the European purchasers examine them as they would horses, to see whether tley have any disease or deformity, that will render them incapable of labour, and either reje or give a price accordingly. The traders frequently beat those poor wretches who are objeted to by the Captains, and use them with great severity; and some have even been known to put them to death. As soon as the wretched Afiicais purchased at the fairs fall into the hands of the black traders , they susser great hardships, they lie at the bottom of the canoes with their hands tied, and a ftriet watch is kept over them; they have a very scanty allowance of food, and arc exposed to violent rains. Nor do thelc unhappy beings, after they become the property of those who bear the name of Christians, find their situation in the least mended. The men Negroes , on being baought on board, are immediately fastened together, two and two, by hand cuffs, and by irons riveted on their legs; they arc then sent down between the decks, and placed in an apartment parti timaecd off for that purpose. The women are put in a separate apartment without irbns; but all of them are frequently o. close stowed, as to admit of no other posture but lying down. About eight oclock in .the morning, the Negroes arc generally brought upon deck. Their irons be, ing examined, a long chain , which is locked to a ringboltj fixed in the deck, is run through the rings of the shackles of the men, and then locked to another ringbolt, fixed also in the deck; by this means fifty or sixty are sometime fattened with one chain . If the weather is fine, they remain in this situation till five in the afternoon, when they are again sent down. The diet of the Negroes while on board, consists chiefly of horfe beans, boild to a pulp, yams, and rice, and sometimes of a small quantity of beef or pork. Sometimes they have a sauce composed of palm oil, mixed with flour, water, and pepper, which the sailors call fjabber sauce. In their own country , the Negroes in general live upon animal food and fish, with roots, yams, and Indian corn., The Gold coast Negroes scarcely refuse any food that is given them; but most of the slaves have a great aversion to horfc beans, and many, rather than feed with it will throw them overboard. They are commonly fed twice a day. Their food is served up to them in buckets, about the size of a fnall water bucket; they are placed round theef tubs in companies of ten to each tub, out of which they feed themselves with wooden spoons, and when they lose them, they feed witll their hands. In favourable weather they are fed upon deck, but in bad weather their food is given thtem below. Their allowance of wvater is about half a pint to each meal, and it is given to each Negroe in a little pannikin. If the poor wretches refute to take nourifiment, they are threatened, and punished by a variety of barbarities. Exercise being deemed lnecefary, for their' health, they are ometiines compelled to dairce, arid frcqucntly, for the diversion of the crew, to frg also; but 'their songs arc in general melancholy lamentations of their exile from their native country . In flort, the hard. ships endured by the Negroes , both men and xvo men, in the course of the voyage are scarcely to ibe enumerated or conceived. They are much miore apt to be fca fick than El'ropeans, and often die 'in con. fequencc of it; and tihe great want of air, when they are crowded together between decks, occasions the death of numbers. It frequently happens in times of sickness among them, that when the surgeon goes' between decks to examine into their situation, he finds a living Negroe fastened by his iions to a dead one; in this cafe they are brought upon deck, aind unchained, when the dead one is caft into the sea,. Numbers of the poor wretches pine themelves' to' death for the 'loss of their liberty , and the separation from their friends and native country , and many find mean's to throw themselves overboard and are' drowned. When the fiip h's the destined port in view;, the Negroes , after having been four or five weeks, or io6h gcr at .sea, are relcacfd from their irons, and then the sight of land., and tile recovery of freedom , as they suppose, after a long and painful confinement, usually fill 'them