travellers, as being very agreeable and fruitful, abounding with Ihdima corn, pulse, fruit, cheer are extensive meadows, which used to feed large herds of great and small cattle, and a vast number of poultry. The villages, that lay thick on the river showed the country to be well peopled. A traveller, who many years ago went about six hundred miles up this river says, that he was surprised to see the land so well cultivated, scarce a spot lay unimproved; the lowlands, divided by small canals, were all sewed with rice, c. the higher, planted 4g 2 with millet, Indian corn, and peas of different sorts; their beef excellent, poultry plentiful, and very cheap, as well as all other necessaries of life. Another travelier, who went in the year 1726, writes, that the country about the river Gambia, is also pleasant and fruitful, and that. in his time provision of all kinds were very plentiful. The country on and between these rivers, is large and extensive, and chiefly inhabited by three Negroc nations called the Jaiofs, Sidis, and Mala., digos. At the time these authors wrote, these people had a regular form of government, which went on easy, because the people were of a quiet. disposition, and so well instructed in what .was right, that a man who did ill, was an .abomination to them all, and none would support him .againf: his chief. In these countries , the natives were not covetous of land, desiring no more than what. they could use. If any of the Fulis people were knowrn to be slaves , all the nation would join to redeem therh; they also supported the old, the lame, and the blind, and supplied the neceffitieo of the Mandihgos when distressed by family. The same author says, they were rarely angry, and that he never heard them abuse one another. Some of the Mandingos could read and write Arabic .tolerably wvell, and were a good, hospitable people; o they were extremely populous, and would not susser any person among them, excepting such as had been guilty of great crimes, to be mades slaves . They had priests, who taught the people to adore God, by pro. ftrating themselves before him, by humbling thenm selves, acknowledging their own insufficiency, entreating him to forgive their faults, and to grant them all good and necessary things. These priests gained thlei .livelihood by keeping school, and teaclhig about the country . These three nations pratifed different trades , such as smiths, potters, sadlers, and. weavers. Their smiths worked neatly in gold. and silver; their potters made neat tobacco pipes, and pots to boil food; the women and girls spun and wove very fine cotton cloth, which they dyed blue or black . These Negroes used to eri tertain each other with fables, dialogues, and witty stories, and made very pertinent remarks on the motions of the fun, moon, and ltars. That part of Guinea, known by the namne of' the Grain and Ivory Coaji, is likewise very fertile, pboduc ing abundance of rice and roots; indigo and cotton growing without cultivation; and tobacco, with very little trouble, would thrive exceedingly well; the country is rich; and it is thought, that a very advantageous commerce might be carried on by those who would properly, cultivate the friendship of the na; - tives. '. :. - Some travellers assert, that the Negroes are naturally inclined to be hospitable to strangers; with whom they would be fond of trading ; but the frequent injuries which have been done them by Europeans, have occasioned their being suspicious and hy, : 'and led them sometimes to give ill treatment to innocent strangers,. who have 'attempted to trade with them. - As the Europeans have no: settlement in this part of Gintiea, the trade is carried on 'by signals from' the hips, on the appearance of which, the natives com e orn board in their canoes, .bringing their gold dust, ivory, &c.. 'which has given opportunity to some Pnropeans of bad principle to carry them off with their effeats,, or de. 4 tain them on board till a ransom was paid; this ha made them very mistrustful. Next adjoining to the Ivory Coajf, are those. called: the Gld.coa, and the Slave Coast. Here the Europeans, have the greatest number of forts and faeories, from whence,. by means of the Negroe faters,. a. trade is carried on about seven hundred riles back in the inland country , by which great numbers of slaves are procured,, as well by means of the wars which arise among the Negroes , or are fomented by the Europensl, as those brought fromy the back country . Here the aiatives are more reconciled to the European manners .and tradee ; but at the same time more inured, to wat, and ready to assist the Eluropean traders in procuring harbours for the great number 6o v.ecfoels which. come yearly on these coasts for slaves . This part of Guinea, is agreed by historians, to bein general fruitful arid agreeable to. an extraordinary degree,. and. formerly produced, .according to the difference of the soil, valt quantities of rice, and other grain, plenty of' suit aand roots, palm wine and oil, and fish in, great ablundance,. with much tame and wild cattle. The country of 4irte was particularly beautifui, and etiu was formerly so. powerful and po: : that it 'struck terror into all the neighbouring nations ; it abounded with finte well built, and populous towns, and the inland people employed themselves. in t, llage and trade ,. and not only su.ppl ied tile markets: with plenty of indiana corn, but exported ' a great, quantity. They lived in peace. and harmony together, and were ready to assist each other, and Inot apt to shed human blood, except when greatly provoked. Mot parts of the slave coasts are represented by travellers of credit, as equally pleasant, fertile, and cultivated, with the gold coast; and they describe the natives as in a state of equal civilization, remarkable for their kindness, courtesy, and great