industry, and under the government of chiefs or kings. Though these people had not a knowledge of the Christian Religion, and worshipped idols, they believed in one true GOD, and had some apprehensions of a future: state. It was one part of the excellency of their government, that they had no beggars among them; however poor, every one who was able, was obliged to earn his bread by his labour. Next to the Slave Coast is the kingdom of Beinb, which is esteemed the most potent kingdom in Guinea the soil and produce like those before described, and the inhabitants formerly sincere, inoffensive, and exceedingly courteous, and remarkably hones and jur in their dealings, and so averse to theft, that it was. punished by death. The king of Benin was able, upon occasion, to maintain an army of an hundred thou. sand men, and the natives were all free men. The last division of Guzinea from which slaves an; e im -- portedj contains the kingdoms of Kengo and Angola; great numbers of the natives of both these kingdoms profess the Christian Religion, which was long since introduced by the Partuguefe, who made early settlements in that country . The soil Lre is very fertile, and the natives were in general a quiet and industrious people, who difi covered a good understanding, andl. behaved in.. a friendly manner to strangers. In this country great quantities of cloth, of' diverse, kinds, very fine: and' curious, were manufa: tured. .Alonzo Gnzaiex, .a Portuguese captain, is recorded: ta have been the first who meeting with the natives on that coast, pursued and attacked a number of them, when some were wounded, and also a Portuzguee; this is related to have.been the first instance of Christians spilling blood on these coasts; and happened in the year 1434. After this the Portugutefi continued to send veitels on the coast of Africa , and in the year 1481, they opened a trade for saves with the inland parts of Guinea. After the settlement of America, these devastations, and the captivating the miserable inhabitants greatly increased, for the Spaniards finding that the poor Indians whom they had conquered in South America, and made to work in the mines and fields, were not able to perform the cruel talk, they began to import Negroes from the Portugaefe settlements on the Guinea coasts, and afterwards for their sugar works. About the year 1551, towards the latter end of the reign of King Edward the Sixth, some London merchants sent out the first Engif. ship on a trading voyage to the coast of Guibea; this was soon followed by several others from the same parts; but the Eng lih not having then any plantations in the Welf indies and consequently no occasion for Negroes , such' ships traded only for gold, elephants. teeth,. and Guinea pepper. This trade was carried on at the hazard of losing their ships and cargoes , if they had fallen into the hands of the Poritzugefe, who claimea an exclusive right of trade , on account of the settlements they had made there. One of the Engli/ captains, who carried home confiderablre quantities of gold and ivory, observed: that whoever would deal' with the nativess must use them civilly, for they would otherwise refuse to traffic; and another related) t hat tlhey Com 1 r. plained to him of the Portzuigizo, and said, that they were bad men, who made slaves of them if they could take them, and put irons on their legs. 'This bad example of the Portuguese was soon followed by some ill difpofed leglimdnen, who carried away some of the natives. It was probably this inhuman condua which occasioned Queen Elizabeth, when Captain raeilkims returned from his sirs voyage to Africa , to send for him, in order to express her concern, lest any of the African Negroes should be carried off without their free consent, which she declared would be deteflalle, and would call dazmc tr, vengeance of heaven upon the undertakers. Hawkins made great promises, which however he did not perform, for hisnext voyage seems to have been principally made to procure Negroe slaves , and sell them to the Spaniards in the wejf indies . Captain Harvkins seems to have been the first who gave public countenance to this wicked traffic. As it proved a lucrative business, the trade was continued by Hawmiin and others, who proceeded to such extremities, as to burn and spoil the towns, in order to take the inhabitants; and Queen Elizabeth, by some mifrcprefentation made to her of the condition of the Negroes , and of the advantages they, would reap from being acquainted with the Christian Religion, was prevailed with to grant patents for carrying on a trade , which gave rise to the present Jfrican Company ; Louis the .Thirteenth, King of France, was deceived in the same manner, There is the greatest reason to think, that there were no sales of captives taken in battle among the natives, or that wars were frequent anong them at the time they were frft invaded. It was long after, the Porwlguefc had made a practice of violently forcing, that natives of Africa intd slavery , that we read of differ. ent Ncgroe nations making war upon each other, and selling their slaves ; and in all probability, this was not the cafe, till those bordering on the coast, who had been used to supply the vessels with neccffaries, had become corrupted by their intercouife with the Europeans, and were excited, by drunkenness and ava lice, to join in carrying on these wicked schemes, by which thole unhappy wars were perpetrated, the in. h]abiitants kept in continual alarms, the country laid Anafle, and cinfinte numbers sold into ftavery. I have now given my readers the history of the 'original manners of the Africans, and of the rise and proglefs of the slave trade , as related by authors of credit; but ihave not yet laid before them the horrid manner in which it is said to be at