with joy and deliglht; butb alas! this joy is of 'hort duration; did they know the miiifcies that .await them on flore, they would wilh to end' their days on flipboard. Soon after they are 'landed they arc'fold, and when brought' together from different parts of thc ship , some who are' nearlt' related, per FAM.. MAC, Nov. 1788. 4 H haps a.hufband and wife, a father and son, a brother and filter find each other; but the pleasure of this meeting is momentary the sale difperfcs them wide to different parts of the same island, or to different islands, never more to meet again! If they fall into the hands of cruel masters or overseers, of whom there are too many, their fate is hard indeed. At four o'clock in the morning the plantation bell rings to call the slaves into the field. Their work is to manure, dig, hoe, and plough the ground, to plant, weed, and cut the fugar canc, to bring it to the mills to have the juice squeezed and boiled into sugar . At nine o'clock they have half an hour for break. fast, which they take in the field; again they fall to work, and according to the custom of the plantation , continue till eleven o'clock, or noon; the bell then rings, and the. slaves are dispersed in the neighbourhood, to pick up about the fences in the mountains, and sallow, 6r waste grounds, natural grass and weeds for the horses. The time allowed for this work and dinner, varies from an hour and a half to three hours, in which time the slaves are frequently obliged to wander, perhaps more than two miles from home in the scorching fun, and .after all have their bundle stolen from them by some' lazy fellow, who, perhaps beats him into the bargain. though half famishing with hunger, he must renew his talk, and get the grass in time, if he even goes without his dinner. When the bell summons them to work, if the Negroes come too late, or bring too small a bundle of grass, they Ire punished with a number of stripes, from four to ten. A About half an hour before sunset, the poor wretches may be seen scattered again over the land, like the fraelites in Egypt, to cull blade by blade, from among the weeds, their scanty parcels of grass. About seven in the evening, or' later, according to the season of the year, when the overseer can find Icifure, they are called oier by a list to deliver in their bundles of grass, and in cafe of deficiency. are chastised as in the morning. They tlchn eparate, to pick up in their way to their huts 'a little brushwood, and to prepare their mess for supper. Degraded in this manner, to work and feed like lea/is, the poor dejec'ed creatures lose the spirit of n; ver, having no frieind to look up to, and what is ffill worse; no knowledge of that divine religion, which iwould teach them patience, by giving them hopes of 'ftiture happihefs; they grow ifefif and vicious, and, by their ill atio0ns, provoke their governors to inflia increased severities," which the Negroes 'oftehn revenge on each other, as they dare not do it 'on their employers. Even on the holy'sabb'ath iffelf they know' nio reft fr though not required to work for their niafters, they have so much necessary bufinefs'to do for themselves and families, that they have' no time' to spars for the improvement of their 'minds, 'or the service of GOD, urilefs 'indeed, they 'are so happy as to fall to the lot of humane planters aid' overseers, many of whbm there are who take compassion on their forlbrn and helpless condition, mitigate their sufferings, and give them inftruaion. What I have been describing, are said 'to be but' a small part of the hardships which the generality of slaves in the Britif plantations in the Wefl indies , 'have. 4h, endured. for a long series of years; but there is. re;. son to hope, fomin the vigorous exertions which arp making in their behalf, that the time of their deli. verance from this most dreadful of all bondage is at hand, and that an effietuat stop will be put to a commerce which throws a race of human beings so far below the rank IX which the Creator originally placed them. In the meanvwhile .it is the duty of every one, who partakes of the fnme nature, to sympathise with these their fellow creatures, and implore Goo to prosper the endeavours of their patrons and friends. Let such of my readers, as are in labourious or servile offices in this kingdom, compare their own condition with that of the oppressed Negroes , and learn to be contented. And let such as have inter 'ourse with the Africans show them all possible lenity, particularly Owerfeers of Flantations, and Sailors employed in navigating the ships which transport the Northeast groes from their native country , and from all their dear and. tender connction. or, rather let the latter forbear to engage in so difhornourable a service, in which many of them sacrifice their own lives. A time will come, when those who have endeavoured to persuade themselves, and others, in order to cover their injustice, that the Negroes are no better than brutes a time will certainly come, when the barbarities they have infliced upon these wretched captives, will wound their confclences, and add to the terr9rs and pangs of a deathbed; and at the general judgemeut, they will behold those, whose wrongs are buried in the grave, rise with the rest of humankind, confronting their oppressors before the farcher of all hearts, who now notes their illftreatmnent, and will doubtless avenge it "What wrongs, what injuries does oppression.. " To smooth the horror of th'unnatural deed?' " What strange offence! what aggravated sin?; They stand convieted of a, D KAKER SKIN ! ": Barbarians, hold! th'opprobious commerce spare, :