of the bowels of the Earth, therefore they could not make, nor probably ind, any of them: that their finest .Silks are spun from the entrails .of a little crawling Worm, and that after it is spun they could .not use it, till it, had gone through the hands of many poor Workmen:. ' What / [ I i.. What would the Rich do without the Poor? Could they make their own Shoes, build their Houses, plough their Fields, sell their timber Trees, ihear their Sheep, and a hundred other things absolutely necessary to be done by somebody.? They should therefore learn to bihave. with kindness and condescension to the industrious, and remember, that the meanest Artificer, if he discharges the Duties of his station, is preferable to themselves, unless they are distinguished as much by their Benevolence and Greatness of Mind as by their Rank and Riches.: Neither iiiould the Poor ever forget how much they are obliged to their Superiors, and how much they depend upon them, but treat them with all possible refpe&f, and never envy them; for, as they have no Money nor Land of their own, they must perish for want ofneceffaries, unless they could obtain some by theirlabour. If they are f9 fortu s12. 2 ], fortunate as to be paid for what they do, they can purchase what they want. with the money, you know, and may,, in their humble condition, enjoy an equal share of Happiness with the rich, and avoid many anxious cares and dangers, to which an elevated. station is frequently exposed. I dare say you did not think there were so many curiosities at. the Bottom of the Sea, nor thould we ever have known it, but by the Invention of' Ships , which was a very curious and useful contrivance. Fine China, Muslins, Calicoes, Spices, and other articles, are 'brought from the Eaf Indies in Ships , which carry back in exchange what our own Country produces; they also convey to England vast quantities. of Tea, which is a .plant that grows in the East Indies in great abundance; the leaves of it are dried dried upon plates of metal heated,; this makes them curl; then they are packed in boxes and canifiers, and sent to different parts of the World: But a good basin of Milk, or Tea made from herbs, which our own Gardens supply, are, in my opinion, greatly preferable, " and much more wholesome for us. From the West indies we get Sugar , which is produced by boiling the juice of a particular sort of Plant called a Sugarcane; the Inhabitants have large Plantations of it, which bring them in a great deal of money; .but the poor Negroes , who are employed to work in the Plantations , undergo severe hardships. Negroes are black people; many persons in England, you know, have them for Servants. Abroad they toil like Horses, and are frequently much worse used, which is an exceeding barbarous thing, for they are Men as well as their Masters, though they be of that black [ 124 ] black colour; but how much does it pain me to tell you, that this inhuman commerce , which puts these poor creatures into such a dreadful situation, is carried on by Englishmen, and even authorised by our own laws. From Spain we get Oranges, Lemons, Nuts, Almonds, Figs, and Raisins, (which last are dried grapes;) from Lisbon the same, and,, besides those Articles, a great deal of Wine. If there were less of that it would be better; for many people drink so much of it as to hurt their constitutions. Would they make it a rule to drink only when they were thirsty or weary, and leave off drinking as soon as they. were refreihed, they would preserve their healths, and, might perhaps live many years longer. I could mention the productions of other countries , but do not intend to travel round the Globe with you. I shall only tell you that there are many things [ 125 ] things valuable and worth observation in every part of the World; and those which you have no opportunity of feeing, you may read of in Books, which will give you much better accounts of them than I am able to do. You find, my dears, what great use Ships are of, but how shall I make you underfitand, the nature of a yoy age? I will take you both to Mr. Wilson's, where you will see a model of a Ship ; that is, a little thing made exactly like one, only a great deal lets, as you will judge by the figures which represent the Sailors. Mr. Wilson will explain the Masts, Sails, Ropes, and other parts, which I am totally unacquainted with. When a voyage is to be taken, the Ship is first perfealy repaired, if it is not a new one, so that it may es fe&ually keep out the Water, and not fink. [ i26 ] fink. The Sails and Masts muss be in exal order,, strong, tight, and whole, that they may be able to Rfand the .force of the Winds; then .they lay in a great quantity of Biscuits, as bread would soon get mouldy; several Casks of fresh Water, for that in the Sea is very nauseous, some Barrels of salt Beef and. Pork, because they cannot get fresh Meat when they launch out into the wide Ocean, and leave the Fields and Meadows behind them. They carry as much Garden' tfuff too as they conveniently cah; when it is gone, they are obliged to make ihift without, till they land somewhere to get a. fresh supply. A Ship which goes on a Trading Voyage , besides a flock of provisions, takes in lher Cargo , that is, the Goods which the owner proposes to sell in so reign countries ; such aswool, Watches, Hardware, I mean Knives, Sciffars, various kinds of Tools, and numerous [E 27 ] rous Articles which other Nations are glad