Mrs. Pennington's heart was exquisitely pained by this proof of indifference, difference, and the whole day, neither herself or Charlotte could rally, their spirits; the next morning when .they were at breakfast, Mrs.. Pennington ebferved Charlotte look very absent,. what are you. thinking upon,. my beloved girl, .said Mrs. Penningto~? I was thinking mamnma,. replied Charlotte, how much the poor negro's endure to fapply us with this article, (at the same time taking up a lump of sugar ) and Lhave a great mind to leave off drinking it.; the little portion of sugar that you drink, Charlotte, can never add to the sufferings of those unhappy people; and besides, they are employed in a variety of occupations, besides cultivating the the sugarcane. I wonder mamma, continued Charlotte, how long it is ago, since ilavery was first allowed? that is a question, replied Mrs. Pennington, I. cannot resolve, but the period is very far back, for the story of Joseph, in the sacred writings, is a proof of it; but it is a most disgraceful traffic, and shocking to human nature! pray, mamma,, said Charlotte,. how are the blacks made slaves of? why,. my dear, by a variety of methods, the children, of slaves are so by birth; for being born in bondage they instantly become the property of their parents master and in Africa , the internal states make war upon one another, and of course course, the weak become slaves to the itsong, and those poor creatures are then sold to European ships , that trade .to those parts. When these ships arrive at the slated place, they: very often send boats up the rivers Gambia and Senegal, and under the maik of friendship, invite the poor unsuspecting Africans on board, when, initead of being treated with the hospitality they expect, they inifantly find themselves secured and placed in the most confined situation you can imagine. Humanity shudders at a conduct so treacherous, and disgraceful! And think, what must - be the feelings of the hapless captive, torn from every endearing con. netion ne&ion -- separated from his coun try and condemned to i; ceffant labour! but, my dear Charlotte, 'it is a subject that pains me even to talk of, and as it is 'an evil out of out power to remedy, we can only lament the necessity ds it; and therefore, we will turn our reflection to a more pleasing fubjec, and think of the blessings that Providence has benevolently beffowed upon us, and receive.them with grateful hearts. Yes, mamma, said Charlotte, it is a ihocking thing not to be gratefuls but pray, speaking of gratitude, what have you ever done to oblige Mr. Howard the curate so very much, for he always seems to think you have been been so. uncommonly kind.? your father had once the power of proving his friendship for Mr. Howard, and he always remembers it, but acts of kindness, my dear Charlotte, should never be talked of; however, as you mention that worthy man, if you have any iiclination for a walk, we will tall upon him this rmorning; oh, I shall like it of all things, mamma, only I must jus run up flairs and fetch down my little 'magnet, for Charles Howard was so pleased at feeing it take up the steel hat pins, that I am determined to give it him; indeed, I think myself, it is very amusing : the magnet, 'continued Mrs.pennington, was a most fortunate fortunate discovery, though I believe I explained tb you the utility it is of to mariners. Yes, mamma, .ri remember all about the compafs, : but I wonder how the power of the : loadstone was first found out. -- IHAVE heard, replied Mrs. Pennington, that it was discovered by a shepherd accidentally pafling over some of the ore, and 'having anails in his hoes, they were attracted by it, which so terrified the poor fellow that he left them on the hill, running home, and representing to all the neighbours the most tremendous account of what had befallen him.; the circumstance reached the ears of some .inquiring mind, .and by degrees the S .whole whole properties 'of the loaditone were difcovei ed.. As they were walking, I think, said Mrs. Pennington, this is the first time I have heard the cuckoo, and its note seems the forerunner of the fea'o' I so : ~uch enjoy. sis I was King of England, said Charlotte, I would have every cuckoo destroyed, they are such vile birds. I fiappofe, said her mamma, Charlotte, yoa are provoked at their idleness, and erafperated at what you think their cruelty , .at least I indulged these fenfationis, until I was told by a naturalist, that the cuckoo is to forrmed that it would be impossible possible for it to hatch its own young. How is that, mamma? Why, my dear, the fomach of birds are soft, for the purpose of sitting upon the eggs.; but the breaft born of the cuckoo is formed so different, that it is impossible for her to sit upon hers; therefore, you know, bv a wonderful inftindaive faculty, fle always watches until some other bird has formed its habitation, and( if mhe finds eggs already in it, the throws them out, and deposits her own. Well, mamma, said Charlotte, is not that wonderful! It is, my dear, replied Mrs. Pennington i but. you will find a thousand things in nature, that, if they call forth, L your your affonifhment, at the same time mark the directing hand of an all wise Providence. Much sooner than Mrs. Pennington expected, the received a letter from Mrs. Newton, saying, that as some friends of hers were going to Exeter, the thought it would be a convenient conveyance for Emily, and : therefore Mrs. Pennington might expe there the Monday following. She was convinced, from Mrs. Newton never mentioning her behaviour, that she had conducted herself unpleafingly, and particularly as the visit was so much flhortened. As