bra 4.talities of the carmen and hackney Icoachmen, ~ I as comnpelled to ackinow ledgre thiat these niark IL of fertcity w~lere Ijot pcltciari to the French; and that thdy3 only firuckr me more frcibly·, because I was in travelling attentive to those manners among ihangers, wcihich inl my own country I pailhdl by fromt ure without attending to th~ern. -- Thus it is inl regard to peffons born inl the wiefti Indies -- they find nothing exltra ordinary inl being fu~rroundead by ano th; er there race of men destined to·be their slaves , and air only ainazed that the "European fhorild: suppose. these men liabule to the fatme' feifiatioli~sa'as himfe~ff and thduld feel intereffed for. the happiness of beihigs so inferior.. Mruch hias' been wrritten by moralists agoainit. cruelty tod animils, and much has been Sfaid of the horrors of f la~very : vbut, ~ 'alas! the people who' exercise there cruelties read not the lucubrations of the' essayist. The flavje merchant studies nlothing buht his profit arid -10fs; and if at any time: someth ing like a quahn .of conferience thould diflurbr the felicity hie finds in acquriring wealth, hie reconciles h imlelf~ to. his pu; rfait ~it'h r~efiefting, that if he didc: not dirive this trad e f~omebodly elfe would -- an argument which I have often' heardi ufd to jufitify evrery folly and' every vice. In Barbados, wshere I' resided at the time I am now accounting for, it. Sappears to be, and certainlyp is, so much the interest of the. planters to be careful of the lives of' their slaves , on - who le wihofe labour their incomes depend, that in general they are not ill-treated; and if there are same masters whose shalignant difpofiition even avarice cannot coxftroul, there are others wfhofe humanity is 'not lessened even by the perverse and fai~vage tempers of some of thole unhajppy beings who are their property. but so much cannot be said of persons who hire the slaves of others: these men i~feem to believe that: lives wfhich are not certainly to be spent in their service are of no value; and a gang of hired negroes are often so, overworked as to occasion themn to pie ri~h in a few years. b1ut it seems as if the g eneral lot of this unfortunate race wvas mpore tolerable than wie are led to suppose from a tranflent view of their fituationy·~. those who are born upon the eitates They cultivate, haviqg never any oth~r idea than that of being destined to that labour whichn they behold going forward around them, are no miore discontented with their lot than the peai fants of England; and, unless provoki *4 edi ·ed by any tyrannical exertion of their matters powier, have no more malice against them than our day labourers against the lord whole ground they cultivate. On the contrary, the idea of their being the property of their master makes them take a peculiar interest in wvhatever relates to him. they are pletafed if his hotif~e is better -- his equipage fmner -- and his property greater than that of his neighbours; and seem to derive consequence themselves from the consequence of him to, whom they belong. -- This is particularly the cafce with house negroes , wfho never think that honiour enough is done to those whose property they are; and indeed an infinlite deal of pride and vanity is a principal ingredient in the temper of negroes ; and a woman dressed for a negro ball, in her jacket of flowered linen, her bead neckilace, and white cap, is more vain than the most beautiful Englifhw; omnan on a birth night ball. The firange attachment of some European to these ebon beauties, but but 'Iore particularlyr the preference gxven to mulatto. women, feeds this excessive vaitityr at the expjence ixideed of everything that refeinbles morals or decericy; and perhaps in no part. of. the Christian world are appearances of: moriility so little attendectto.as in the. Wieft India islands. 'the condition. howevler of the. negroes is certai nlyr in foe refpe~ts eirenl preferable to that of the Eng; lish poor.. An e~nglilhman, born to no other inheritance than the~labour of his hands, can wcith diffciclty earn enoughi to support evjen liimfcelf. -- As soon as he is strong enough, he goes to a mnafter as a plougbman or a carter, where heel dom serves longer than twvelv~e onotlis; byr which indeed he gains a ~ftt~lement; in the parish where he so serves:. but lie idizally seeks another. fenrvce, rith; no othier fortune than his round frock, and' a. change of coarse clotihes. -- He 'has now, however, hiigher wages in proportion 'to the increase of his 'ttrerigth y and'falls in love with a fellow `lovr fervlant, whom, before the end of his year's service, he is frequently coml pelled to marry. -- The parii~cfh G tcs reuetan~tlyt find him a hovel, or a room; -- and iith ictsi f~uriture than is seen even in a negroc h·ut, he commlences *. hodej keeper. If his wife is notable, aand he is himself indcufftrious, he may exist for a year~or twto in tolerable conii sort (living, however, upon little else than bread) : but any remifilon i~nthe Tabour of either, and an in~creauign fa mtily;, expose himl to the extremres of poverty ~: hee loses his health lfo r ant of proper uourifh~ment~; - axid, bteconi ing carrelefrs of his family, who are a burden to him, mlutual reproaches aggravate thle bi~tterners of that poverty which gave rise to them. He turns poa~fchr or fmrruggler, yet is not thie richer, for the ale hod e consumes his illicit profits; and his family become chargeable to the parish. the'iii~pa tience of tihofec who nowy bear this load urges them to complaints against him; and hie, all freeman as he is, is driven to to labour not indeed with firirpes, but by the terrors of a goal. from this species of tyranny he seeks