nothing to support the etxtraordina ry labour. they went through, but fablt meat nailed to the mait; ops which, without its being boiled, each man took a bit as they worked for the preservation bs the vessel. The captain admi niffered spirits sparingly; and to much of the water was stove by the violent agitation of the ship , that there wvas great reason to fear, if we were driven out of our r ckoning and obligfed to be lobg at sea, we should .perish of thirf1 though weefcaped the storm. But this fear, fear, as well as many others that affkiled him, our refora~tel phlegmatic captain kept to himself.. his firmnpeis ana' hisp fea~anianfip, however, would ave been equally useless, if the; violence of the storm had not on the morning o~f.the fourth day begun to abjate; for the fhiip wvas then a wreck upon the water, the was dismasted, and had Eprung a leak, which all our laborious exertions for life (I: ay ours, because I worked at the pumps with the rest) would not. have krept under three 'hours longer, when with the break of a day, that we all believed wvould be our laflt, - we saw land, which the master, who had long traded to the Island, declaredt to be Barbados. At the same time ive per ceivied some of the ships wvhich had failed in company ; and one which had efuffere~d le's tihan the rest, sent us as fiftance as feau as it was practicable. This animated our courage -- The form abated more and more, and our renewv ed efforts kept the leak from gaining upon us; tilf L abou six in the evening, by bty the aff~iffanee of our comnpanion, we anchored in carlisle bay. 1vpy first cae wais· to g; et tfiabe~tta an mjr child on Thiore, whrere after a fewv hours repefec threy Gwere i~oh in sone degree re eftabljifhed; annd we wovrki able to ava il our~elvs~ of the hospitable difpofitioin of three itnhabitant~s, who, though they had dreadfurlly ~u ffered from the hurrlicarie, a~ndt were foame of their without habitations, endeavoured to alleviate by every att~entioni yet in their powfer thie inconveniences to whykich~ we were expr~ofed. Thle oilicers fltationed there introduced me to some of the mofl refpe~able inihabitants; and: by one of them, wrho had a house on a difiant part of the island, wlhich had suffered less than thie country around Bridgetown by the preceding flormn, I' was invited with my family to pass some days. The genuine kindness with wchi~ch this invitation was made induced me to accept it, and I had soon the happiness of finding Isabella perfeatly re coviered; whbile my owtn health to visibly amended, amended, that I yielded to her perfuza fions, and to the entreaties of my new friends, and resolved to remain on the 'island at least till there thould be less danger from the tempests, which at this season we were very likely to meet with on our reaching Europe. At this pleafanzt residence, which was an ex~cellenit houfie built about half a mile from the sea, and surrounded by a flourishing plantation , I had an oppor tuinity of observing the slate of the negro slaves , whom I had often considered as being in a condition wihich refle~ted disgrace on . humanity ; and however such a research may appear to be so reign to the pulrfuit of a man who had hitherto fludied.onlythe routine of what is called fashionable life, or the bufmnefs of his profefiron, I believe I formed a tolerablyt impartial estimate of their real fituationl, whnich as well as I can I will endeavour to communicate. A number of beings condemned to perpetual slavery , beings who seem called into existence only to. suffer' ' an idea revolting not: only to the mind of every Englishman, but to every european in whom habit does not blunt the power of refleation. I will own to you, however, that the f~ubjea seen nearer loses some of its horrors; though too many remain, and ever must remaain, while slavery exists. Perhaps I' may give you a clearer notion of what are the feelings of a mind unadulterated by cuffom, if I relate what were mine, wvhen early in life I was sent with my regiment to Jamaica,. and beheld with wonder droves of black ' people going into the fields under the discipline of the whip, fometimies in the hands of one of their own colour, ` or a mulatto, as whipper in, while a white man Tuperintended. when I[ considered that these were creatures endued with a portion, and, as some have contended, an equal portion, of that reafobn onl which we so highly value ourselves, I turned with horror and indignation from such a f~pe~acle. Gradu ally I became habituated to the sight, yet yet it Still di fguted and d~ifrireffd me; r and perhaps ~the.fidelity and; intelligence of my negro servants Perseus, to who I had given his liberty as Tioonas ihe became mty rprsperlty made me feel for there poor peo~pl pa rtcular commrile ration 4painful : indeed : to myfp~elf, and for the most part unavailing to them. At that period of my life, I dued to listen wpith wonder to oders I freequent · ly heard given by a mlan I, was often with, who was in tever; other instance reasonable .and humane , for the punish- -- of hi: laves for faults, which were in mny appreheniion so trifling that; I should hardly havze reprimanded a fier vant i eng land for committing them.. I have on these .actcaionis remonfkrat~ed :, with my friende, who has only laughed i~at my funplicity, and afibred me, that without £ufc~h wholefbme sever ity mnaf texs would not be able to keep their ifaves in fub~je~tios; and when' I ave repzlied that I would then have nop slaves , he 42as : pitied ipyi youtldd ignolrane. this genztlemnan had a daughtze~r, h ei refs to his great efat~e, whom n