may pick three bushels in the day. One hundred bushels in the pulp, freth from the tree, will produce about one thousand pounds weight of merchantable coffee. MR. HARCOURT. You have given us a very clear account of this tree, and the manner of gathering the berries -- you muss next inform us of the method used in the drying them. HENRY. There arc two methods in use of curing or drying the bean. The one is to spread the fresh coffee in the fun, in layers about five inches' deep on a sloping terrace, or platform of boards, with the pulp on the berry, which in a few days ferments and discharges itself in a f rong acidulous moisture; and in this slate the coffee is left, till it is perfectly dry, which, if the weather is favourable, it will be in about three weeks. The huks': are afterwards 'separated from the seeds by a'grinding mil; or frequently by pounding them with petfues in troughs, or large wooden : mortars. - The other.mode is to pulp it immediately as it comes from the tree, which is done by a pulping mill; the pulp and the bean (in its parchment skin or membrane which encloses it) fall promiscuously together; the whole is then washed in.wire sieves, in order to separate the pulp from the seeds; the latter are then spread open in the fun to dry. After this follows the operation of grinding off the parchment skin , which covers the bean, and is left after the pulp is removed. - When it appears sufficiently bruised, it is taken out of the trough, and to put the fan, which clears the coffee from the chaff, and the seeds remaining unground, are are separated by sieves, and returned to the mill, which finishes the process. mar. HARCOURT. The coffee berries are generally roasted before we use them. They are put into a tin cylindrical box full of holes: through the middle of which runs a spit; beneath this machine is placed a semicircular hearth, in which is lighted a large charcoal fire.: by help of a jack the spit turns swiftly, and in that manner roasts the berries equally. When the oil rises, and is become of a dark brown colour, it is emptied into two receivers, the bottoms of which are iron plates: then the coffee is ihaken and left, till almost cold; and if it looks bright and oily, it is a sign it is well done. Sophia, you are doubtless acquainted with the manner of boiling it for use. SSOPHIA. Take a sufficient quantity of the berries for the present purpose, and grind them to a fine powder in an iron coffee mill. Infuse this powder in a suitable proportohn of boiling water, let this infusion juff boil again, and stand till it is clear, and pour it' off for use; the addition of cream and sugar heightens and improves the flavour. CECILIA. The Turks are remarkably fond of coffee; they flavour it with cloves, or essence of ambergris; and so essential do they deem it to their comfort, that it is one of the necessaries, with which a Turk is obliged to furnish his wife. MR. HARCOURT. Avarice has invented many fubifitutes for coffee; peas, beans, rye, and barley, when roasted, yield an oily matter, resembling it in a degree, but much inferior in firength and flavour. AUGUSTA. AUGUSTA. Many other things are Cent to this country ftom the West indies , besides sugar , coffee, and chocolate. CHARLES.. Ginger is produced there in abundance: there are three species; the firfit, which is the common ginger, is cultivated for sale in most of the islands in America; but is a.native of the Eaft indies , and also of some parts of the West indies , where it is found growing naturally without culture. The dried roots of this sort furnith a considerable export from the British colonies in America. The only difthnion between the black and the. white ginger consists in the different modes of curing the roots. The black is rendered fit for preservation by means of boiling water, and the white by exposing it to the fun; as it is necessary to fele& the fairest and soundest roots for this purpose, white ginger is commonly one third dearer than black in the market. MR. HARCOURT. This root is planted much in the same manner as potatoes in Great Britain; but is only fit for digging once a year, unless for the purpose of preserving it in syrup. In that cafe it muss be taken up at the end of three or four months, while its fibres are tender and full of Cap. HENRY. Preserved ginger is a nice' sweetmeat, I remember we had some of it at the entertainment given on account of Sophia's birthday. MRS. ITARCOURT. Motl of the prefer ves, that come from the West Indies , are excellent, owing to the fineness of the sugar , of which they make the syrup, which, whilif it prevents the fruit from decaying, does not destroy its flavour, or colour. CHARLES, CHARLES. What are the principal commodities returned from England to the Weft.indies, in exchange for the things we receive from thence? MR. HARCOURT. The manufa&urers of Birmingham and Manchester; the clothiers of Yorkshire, Glouceter shire, and Wilts; the potters of Staffordshire;; proprietors of all the lead, copper and ironworks have a greater vent in the British West indies for their respective commodities than they themselves perhaps conceive to be pomfible. The export of the coarser woollens to the torrid zone, for the use of the negroes , is prodigious; even sugar itself, the great staple of the West indies , is frequently returned theii in a refined state, and thus furnishes an article of commerce in a double way. MRS. HARCOURT. Commerce and traffic,, either between nations or individuals, may be divided into two great articles, under one of which all the rest may be classed, viz. the raw material, or natural substances,