it gently from one end to the other, that it may lie close. With the finger rub off the paper from the backside of the print, : till nothing can be seen, but the print, like a thin film upon the glass, and set it aside to dry. When it is well dried, varnish it over with some white transparent varnith, that the print may be seen through it, which is now fit for painting. Having prepared a variety of oil colours, which mult be ground very fine, and tempered very stiff, lay such colours on the tranfpareat print as your fancy and tafle direct the outlines of the print guiding the pencil, and it will produce a very pretty effet You muss be careful to lay on the colours thick enough to appear plainly through the glass. When your grotto is finished, you may exercise yourfclve • this this way, and each one produce a picture, though much inferior to those works that require the hand of an artist, yet affording amufenent for a leisure hour, and varying the course of your occupations. Adieu, my dear children; I wish you repose and pleasant dreams. CONVERSATION IX HENR. M AY I be allowed to chufc a fuhje& for this evening? I want to know what sugar is made of. I heard Mr. Jenkins say it was a salt, and I think he muss be mistaken, for I cannot tafie the Icaft flavour of salt in it. MR. HARCOURT. Chemically considered, he is in the right. Sugar is a sweet, agreeable, saline juice expressed from many different kinds of vegetables. Carrots, parsnips, white and red beets yield sugar , but the plant from which ifugar that is generally used, is procured, is the sugarcane; a sort of reed that grows in plenty, in both the East and Well indies . Sophia, endeavour to give us a botanical definition of it. SOPHIA. It is a genus of the triandria digynia class. It's characters are, that it has no empalement; but in fread of it, a woolly down longer than the flower, that encloses it. The flower is bivalve, the valves; are oblong, acute pointed, concave, and chaffy. It has three hairs like tlamina, the ends ofa the valves E 5 termi terminated by oblong summits; and an awl fhaped germen, supporting two rough ifyles, crowned by single fligmas, the germen becomes an oblong, acute pointed seed, invested by the valves. It is cultivated in both the Indies for its juice, which when boiled, affords that sweet salt which is called sugar . MR. HARCOURT. The canes grow from eight to twenty feet high, they are jointed, and at each joint are placed leaves. They are propagated by cuttings, which are gene. rally taken from the tops of the canes, just below the leaves; a deep soil and light land are mofl suitable to the fugar plant, and the rainy season is the proper time for planting it. The ground thould be marked out by a line, that the canes may be re. gularly disposed, and at equal distances. The comrn mon method of planting them, is to make a trench with a hoe, which is performed by the hand; into this trench a negro drops the number of cuttings intended to be planted, which are planted by other negroes , who follow him: and the earth is drawn about the hills with a hoe. CHARLES. I fancy agriculture is not to well underflodd in the Indies , as it is in Europe : or they would make use of the plough in these operations; as it would perform the work both more expeditiously, and in a completer manner, than can be done by the hand, What length of time, and what multitudes of hands, would it occupy, to hoe up all the land in England, that is to be sowed with corn every season. MR. HARCOURT. fhorfes are very fecarce in the West indies especially, and almost all laborious operations are performed by the hands of negro slaves . autgusta. Are those countries inhabited by negroes ? I uno derltood that they were the natives of Africa . M. MR. HARCOURT. You were rightly informed, my dear, they are indeed natives of Africa , but fhat ch: e from their own country , friends and conne&loz:, by the hand of violence, and power. I am afhanmed to colf; V : that many ships are annually font from diffe: cnt parts of England) particularly Bristol and Liverpool, to the coast of Guinea, to procure slaves from that unhappy country , for the use of our wecf India islands, where they are sold to the planters of fugar plantations , in an open market like cattle, and afterwards employed in the most laborious and servile occupations, and pass the refi of their lives in an involtntary and wretched slavery . - SOPHIA,. How much my heart feels for them! 'Hdw terrible mufi it be, to be separated from one's near relations! Parents perhaps divided from their chit dren for ever; husbands from their wives; .brothers and fillers obliged to take an eternal farewell I Why do the Kings of the African slates suffer their fubje as to. be so cruelly treated? 'mrs. HARCOURT. Many causes have operated to induce the African princes to become assistants in this infamous traffic, and instead of being the defenders of their harmless people, they have frequently betrayed them to their cruelleil enemies. The Europeans have found the means of corrupting these ignorant rulers, with bribes of rum, .and other spirituous liquors, of which they are immoderately fond. at other times they have fomented jaloufics,. and excited wars between them, merely for : he sake of obtaining the prisoners of war for slaves . Frequently they use no ceremony, but go on hore in the niiht, set fire to a neighbouring village, and seize upon all the unhappy victims, .who run out to efcane the flames. CECILIA, CECILIA. What hardened hearts muff the captains of thoec ships have. They muff have become extremely