cruel, before they would undertake such an employment. mxr. HARCOURT. It is much to be feared that moss of them, by the habits of such a life, are become deaf to the voice of pity; but we muss compafflionate the situation of those, whose parents have early bred them to this profefiion, before they were of an age to choose a different employmerir. But to resume the subject of the negroes . What I have related, is only the beginning of their sorrows. When they are put on board the (hips, they are crowded together in the hold, where many of them mofily die from want of air and room. There have been frequent instances of their throwing themselves into the sea, when they could find an opportunity, and seeking a refuge from their. misfortunes in death. As soon as they arrive in the West Indies , they are carried to a public market, where they are sold to the bell bidder, like horses at our fairs. Their future lot depends much upon the disposition of the maiter, into whose hands they happen to fall, for among the overseers of fugar plantations there are some men of feeling and humanity ; but too generally their treatment is very severe. Accustomed to an inacive indolent life, in the luxurious and plentiful country of Africa , they find great hard thip from the transition to a life of severe labour, without any mixture of indulgence to soften it. Deprived of hope of amending their condition, by any course of condua they can pursue, they frequently abandon themfeives to despair, and die, in what is called the seasoning, which is becoming inured by length of time to their situation. Those who have less sensibility and fironger constitutions, survive survive their complicated misery but a few years: for it is generally acknowledged that they seldom attain the full period of human life. AUGUSTA. Humanity shudders at your account; but I have heard a gentleman, that had lived many years abroad, say, that negroes were not much superior to the brutes, and that they were so stupid and stubborn, that nothing but firipes and severity could have any influence over them. MR. HARCOURT. That gentleman was most probably interested in misleading those, with whom he conversed. People, who argue in that manner, do not confider the disadvantages the poor negroes suffer from want of cultivation. Leading an ignorant savage life in their own country , they can have acquired no previous information: and when they fall into the hands of their cruel oppressors, a life of laborious servitude, which scarcely affords them sufficient time for sleep, deprives them of every opportunity of improving their minds. There is no reason to suppose that they differ from us in anything but colour, which diflin6tion arises from the intense heat of their climate. There have been inifances of a few, whose situation has been favourable to improvement, that have flewn no inferiority of capacity : and those matters, who neglea the religious and moral instruction of their slaves , add a heavy load of guilt to that already incurred, by their share in this unjiuff and inhuman traffic. CHARLES. My indignation arises at this recital. Why does not the British Parliament exert its power, to avenge the wrongs of these oppressed Africans? what can prevent an a being passed t: forbid Englishmen fi-om 'buying and selling slaves ? MR. HARCOURT. Mr. Wilberforce, a name that does honour to humanity , has made several fruitless efforts to ob. tain an a for the abolition of this trade . Men, interested in its continuance, have hitherto frufira ted his noble design; but we may rely upon the goodness of that Divine Providence, that careth for all creatures, that the day will come, that their rights will be considered, and there is great reason to hope, from the light already cast upon the sub je, that the rising generation will prefer justice and mercy, to interest and policy : and will free themselves from the odium we at present suffer, of treating our fellow-creatures in a manner unworthy of them, and of ourselves. MRS. HARCOURT. Henry, repeat that beautiful apoflrophe to a negro woman, which you learned the other day out Mrs. Barbauld's Hymns. HENRY. €' Negro woman, who fittefi pining in captivity, " and weepeft over thy sick child, though no one ' seeth thee, God seeth thee; though no one "€ pitieth thee, God pitieth thee. Raise thy voice, L forlorn and abandoned one; cal! upon him from " amidst thy bonds, for assuredly he will hear " thee." - CEC!LIA. I think no riches could tempt me to have any share in the flave trade . I could never enjoy peace of mind, whilst I thought I contributed to the woes of my fellow-creatures. MR. HARCOURT. But, 'Cecilia, to put your compaffon to the proof are you willing to debar yourself of the many indulgencies that we enjoy, that are the fruit of their labour? sugar , coffee, rice, calico, rum, arid apd amany other things, are procured by the sweat of their brow. CECILIA. I would forego any indulgence to. alleviate their sufferings. The rest of the Children together. We are all of the same mind. MRS. HARCOURTI I admire the sensibility of your uncorrupted hearts, my dear children. It is the voice of nature and virtue. Listen to it on all occasions, and bring it home to your' bosoms, and your daily practice. The same principle of benevolence, which excites your just indignation at the oppression of the negroes , will lead you to be gentle towards your inferiors, kind and obliging to your equals, and in a particular manner condescending and considerate towards your domestics; requiring no more of theme; than you would be willing to perform in their situation; instructing them when you have opportunity; sympathising in their affliaions, and promoting their best interests when in your power. AUGUSTA. My governess forbids me ever to speak to the ser wants, therefore I cannot thew them any