were so many curiosities at the bottom of the sea, nor flhould we ever have known ir, but by the invention offhips, which was a very curious and useful contrivance. Fine china, muslins, calicoes, spices, and other articles, are brought from the East Indies in (hips, which carry back in exchange what our own country produces; they also convey to England vast quantities of tea, which is a plant that grows in the East Indies in great abundance; the leaves of it are dried upon plates of metal heated; this makes them curl; then they are packed in boxes and canisters, and sent to different parts of the wo ld: But a good basin of milk, or tea made from herbs, which our own gardens supply, are, in my E 2 opinion, t100o 3 opinion, greatly preferable, and much more. wholesome for us. From the West Indies we get sugar , which is produced by boiling the juice of a particular sort of plant called a sugarcane; the inhabitants have large plantations of it, which bring them in a great deal of money; but the poor negroes , who are employed to work in the plantations , undergo severe hardthips. Negroes are black people; many persons in England, you know, have them for servants. Abroad they toil like horses, and are frequently much worse used, which is a very barbarous thing, for they are men as well as their masters, though they be of that black cologr; but how much does it pain me to tell you that this inhuman commerce , which puts these poor creatures into fiich a dreadful situation, is carried on by Englishmen, and even authorised by our own laws. From Spain we get oranges, lemons, nuts, almonds, figs, and raisins, (which last are dried grapes;) from Lisbon the same, and, besides those articles, a great deal of wine. If there were lets of that it would be better; for many people drink so much of it as to hurt their constitutions. Would they make it a rule to drink only when they were thirsty or 6 f, we.ry, [ or j3 weary, and leave off drinking as soon as they were refreshed, they would preserve their healths, and might perhaps live many years. longer. I could mention the producions of other countries , but do not intend to travel round the globe with you. I (hall only tell you that there are many things valuable and worth observation in every part of the world; and those which you have no opportunity of feeing, you may read of in books, which will give you much better accounts of them than I am. able to do. You find, my dears, what great us: (hips' are of, but how shall I make you underfiand the nature of a voyage ? I will take you both to Mr. Wilson's, where you will see a model of a ship ; that is, a little thing made exaaly like one, only considerably less, as you will judge by the figures which represent thefailors. Mr. Wilson will explain the masts, fails, ropes, and other parts, which I am totally unacquainted with. When a voyage is to be taken, the ship is, first perfealy repaired, if it be not anew one, so that it may effeaually keep out the water, E 3 and [ 102 ] and not fink. The sails and masts must be in exact order, strong, tight, and whole, that they may be able to afand the force of the winds; then they lay in a great quantity of bifcuirs, as bread would loon get mouldy; several casks of freflh water, for that in the Tea is very nauseous; some barrels of fait beef and pork, because they cannot get freflh meat when they launch out into the wide ocean, and leave the fields and meadows behind them. They carry as much garden fluff too as they conveniently can; when it is gone, they are obliged to make ihift without, till they land somewhere to get a fresh supply. A (hip which goes on a trading voyage , besides a flock of provisions, takes in her cargo , that is, the goods which the owner proposes to sell in foreign countries ; such as wool, watches, hardware, I mean knives, fciffars, various kinds of tools, and numerous articles, which other nations are glad to purchase from England, because they are made better here. Every (hip requires a certain number of men, some more some less, according to the size of the vessel; for there is always a great deal of work for them to do, especially in itormy weather. One time all the C 103 3 the sails muss be spread in order to receive the wind, at other times all must be furled, or taken in, to prevent the vessel's being overset by violent squalls of wind. They have large iron things on board called anchors, with very great ropes, or cables, which are tied to them, and fastened to the vessel, and when they want to keep the (hip in a particular place, they cast them into the sea, where they can reach the bottom, and they slick into the ground and fasten, so as often to preserve the ship from being lost. Somebody on board is obliged frequently to keep letting down a line with a large leaden plummet, that they may know the depth of the water. A man stands at the helm, with a compass before him : the helm turns the. rudder, by which means he can fleer the ship to any point of the compass he pleases, according to the direaions he receives from the officer who commands the watch. When the vessel is perfectly fitted, and. ready for her voyage , the captain is impatient to be gone, and keeps himself and all his jolly tars in readiness to sail with the first fair Wind; but I believe I must inform you what I mean by a fair Wind. Let us just itep