property. The very cordial reception which the French received from the inhabitants of Amsterdam, and inldeed fromn the great body of the people in every part of Holland, very plainly shiewls with wyhat little sincerity they coalesced wvith thieir allies in the war : A rooted enmity appear s to prevail in thieir minds against the combined powers and they consider the Frenchi more as thieir deliverers thain conquerors. A Proclamation appears at Amsterdam, signed by a Revoluitionary Committee of thie inhabitants. Somne opiniioni of which? may be conceived by the followinlg conclusive pariagiraphi: we onice miore hail you, worthiy fellow citizens : By your owns patriotism, withi thie aid, ands under thie guidance, of suchi representatives, order, tr anqu"illity, andc happiness, will reigni in this city: Thle Frenchmnen whio are among uis con duict themselves, inideed, like brethren : Every idea of pluinder, of rapinie, or of inijustice, of Q 2 .#uy any kind is unknown to them : Fraternity with them, as with us, is the sole order of the day. In the name of the Revolutionary Committee, P. I. B.C.. VANDEA AA. AMSTERDAM, Jan. 19, 1795, first day of Dutch Freedom . o20 The Stadtholder, with his whole family, land in England, and arrive in safety in Colchester; where they were received, by the generous inhabitants, with a mixed sensation of sympathy and delight. Just as the Princes were embarking for England, they had advice, that the Zuyder Zee was Entirely frozen over a circumstance unknown for a century past)consequently that the ships of war in the harbour of Amsterdam must fall into the hands of the enemy, who were 'then within a league of that city : The principal inhabitants of which were gone out to greet the arrival of General Pichegru. 2o The freezing over of the Zuyder Zee enabled the French to march immediately from Amsterdam into every other Province, with the greatest facility. A mind not over tinctured with superstition, might feel something more in these strange events, than can rationally be ascribed to blind and casual chance. An embargo is laid on all the Dutch shipping in the ports of Great britain and Ireland; and ships of war have received orders to bring in all the Dutch vessels they may fall in with in any latitudes. The following list of French conquests, since the commencement of the war, the Editor hopes will not be unacceptable to the public; as he gives it, not from the bias of party principle or attachment, but merely with a view of assisting the recollection, and contributing to the necessary inaifiation of.his numerous readers : The The ten Provinces of Brabant, Antwerp, Mechlin, Limburg, Luxembourg, Namur, Hainhault, Artois, Cambresis and Slanders, forming the Austrian Netherlands, and formerly subject to. the Emperor of Germany. The Seven United Provinces of Holland, Zealand, Friesland, Groningen, Overyssel, Gelderland, and Utrecht, forming the Dutch nation , and formerly subject to the Stadtholder.. The Principality of Liege, with the cities of Liege and Spa, formerly subjet t to the Prince Bishop, as Sovereign of that country . The Bishopric of Spires, with its chief city, formerly subject to its Sovereign Bishop. The Bishopric of Worms, formerly subject to its Sovereign Bishop. The Duchy of Deux Ponts, formerly subject to the Elector Palatine. All the Electorate of Treves, on the south side of the Rhine, with the chief city of the Electorate, and the city of Coblentz. All the Electorate of Cologne, on the South of the Rhine, with its chief city. All the Electorate of Mentz, on the South of the Rhine. All the dominions of the Elector Palatine, on the South of. the Rhine, with Manheim, the chief city. The Duchy of Juliers, with its chief city, aix la Chapel, formerly subject to the Elector Palatine. The Duchy of Cleves, with the cities of Cleves and Wesel, Ibrmerly subject to the King of Prussia. In the South, the Duchy of Savoy, with its. chief city, Chamberry, formerly subject to the King of Sardinia. The city and Comtat of Nice, formerly subject to the same. The Principality of Monaco, formerly subject to its Sovereign Prince. 0 3 From From Spain, the greatest part of their rich Provin4 ces of Biscay, and Catelonia, with their important garrisons, cities, and founderies. To all this is to be added, what is of infinitely more importance to this country , the whole Dutch Navy, with the immense stores of Holland, the depot of Europe !!! The whole of these countries are calculated to contain a population of about THIRTEEN MILLIONS. FEBRUARY, 1795. An account arrives of the surrender and evacuation of Fort Matilda, in Guadaloupe, to the French, in December last; an event which was in a great measure brought about by the Convention having decreed general emancipation to the Negro slaves . About the same time, an account arrived of a most severe and horrid action, between the Blanche, an English frigate (Captain Faulknor) and a French frigate La Pique, near Antigua, in the West - indies . Seldom have the annals of naval vengeance recorded a more desperate engagement; the vessels were lashed together during the latter part of the action. The British tars at last boarded the La Pique, when she struck. Capt. Faulknor, of the Blanche, was killed by a musket ball. (The following should have appeared in Nov. 1794.) Events took place this month highly momentous to the personal liberties of Englishmen : The acquittal of Mr. Thomas Hardy, (secretary to the London Corresponding Society) after a trial of nine days, on a charge of High Treason. Mr. Horn Took was next brought to the bar, on a similar charge : His trial lasted nearly a week, when gwhen he wvas acquitted. Mr. John Thelwall was also acqluitted, after a long and toilsome trial, of thie same chiarge. Mr. Thomas Holcroft, Mr. John Augustus Bonney, Mr. Stewart kyd, the Rev. Jeremiah Joyce, Mr. Thomas Wardle, Mr. John Richter, Mr. Matthew imoore, mr. Richard Hodgson, and Mr. Johin Baxter, against whom