and terminates in nothing below your immortal happiness: : were you inclined to examine those sacred truths which would lead you to that felicity, and to share my fortune in a free and happy nation , the wealth of the Indies should not buy you from my afelions : But if it is your choice to return to the customs and religion of your country , you are absolutely free, without attending any terms for your release. With a friendly, but dejeaed look, he told me, it was itnpofible for him to dispense with his filial obligations to an indulgent parent but he positively refused his freedom , 'till he had given intelligence, and received an answer from his father; which he soon had with a Cart Blanche to me, on which I might make my own demands for his fon's ransom. I returned it, with no other terms, but the liberty of all the Chriftiaa slaves he had in his possession;; by this disinterested condua, to leave a conviction on the mind of my young friend, in favour of Christianity. He could persuade me to receive nothing but some little present , and left me with an apparent concern. It was some Months after he was gone, before I could finish my negotiations in sjain; but as soon soon as they were dispatched, I embarked for Holland. We had not been a week at sea, before the ship was taken by a ''urkifh pirate, and all the men in it carried to Conflantinofle, to be sold, ý, slaves : My lot fell to a matler, from whom I was like to find most barbarous treatment however, I was resolved to endure my bondage , 'till I could give intelligence to my friends in England, to procure my ransom : I was fixed to this, that no hardship Should reduce me to give Orramel an account of my diffrefs, 'till I was again in circumitances, not to need his kindness, nor expect a retaliation of my own. But heaven had kinder intentions by bringing me into this adversity, nor left me long without redress: As I was talking in a public place, to one of my fellow laves, Orramel came by he passed beyond me, but initantly returning, looked on roe with great attention, 'till some melting sorrow dropped from his eyes : When, making inquiry of some that were near, to whom I belonged, and being informed, without speaking a word to me, he flew to my new mafier, paid hisdemand for my ransom, and immediately condu6ted me to his house, where he welcomed ie with the warmest marks of affetion: He spoke he paused and was in the greaceft perplexity, to find language suitable to the sentiments of his soul. My Brother! (said he) my Friend !oris there are more sacred ties in nature or virtue, let me call you by some gentler appellation : We are now united z3 by by the bands of celestial amity, one in the same holy faith, and hopes of a glorious immortality : Tour charity re/cued me from a worse than Spanith slavery , from the bondage of vice and fuperftiion; your condut banished my prejudices to the Cbrijfian name, and made way for the entrance of those heavenly true ts, to which I now assent. But this is a secret even to my own domestics;; whether such a caution is criminal, Z am not yet able to determine. With what rapture, what attention, did I listen to this language! I blessed the accents, that told me my friend, my Orramel, had embraced the Christian Faith: An angel's song would have been less melodious: I looked upward, and with a grateful elevation of mind, gave the glory to the supreme )ifpofcr of all human events. The infitin was from above, that first moved me to ransom this young captive thence was the spring p.s. my compallion: It would be vanity, it would be the most criminal arrogance, not to ascribe this action to the assisting Deity. The illustrious Orramel made it his joy, his irudy, to evidence his affection: He told me, his father died since we parted in Spain, and that he had left five daughters, which he had by several of his wives: He offered me the choice of his sisters, if I had any thoughts of marriage, and promised a'dowry with her to my own content : One of them, he said, was privately bred a Christian, by her mother, a beautiful woman of Armenia : I was pleased with the proposal, pofal, and impatient to see my fair mistress. In the mean time, he made me a present of several rich habits, and two Negro's to attend me. The next day, he conducted me to a fair summerhouse, whither he sent for his fitfers; who were all so handsome, that I was distressed with my own liberty , nor knew where to choose, had not a principle of piety determined me to the young Armenian; who was not superior in beauty to the rest, but there was a decorum in her behaviour, which the others wanted: She had more of the modesty and politeness of the European women, to whom you know I was always partial : My choice was fixed, and the more I conversed with my fair mistress, the more reason I found to approve it. We were privately married by a chaplain, belonging to the British envoy. My generous friend gave her a fortune which abundantly repaid all my losses; and after a prosperous voyage , I am safely landed in Holland. I have sent you this relation, as a memorial of my gratitude to heaven; whose clemency has returned me more than measure for measure, and largely recompensed thatliberality it first inspired. Adieu. z4 Moral and Entertaining. PA R T III LETTER I. T? Lady SPH IA : The Sequel este Storr f, R.SALINDA. sopu will find me, dear Lady Sophbi, '! in a more gay disposition than when I writ my