one anothefr !o unadorned, fb .1kei out filift Parerts biefocre, the Falal it feemrs; Is f t., I no Withes 5 there being nothing to heighten Curiosity, but all you can see, you see at once, and every moment see; and where there is no Novelty, thsere can be no Curiosity. Not but Ihave fsee a handsome young Indian, dying for Love of a very beautiful young Indian Maid; but all his Court Ship was, to fold his Arms, pursue her with his Eyes, and Sighs were all his Language :, while thle, as if no such Lover were pref~enc, or rather as if the desired none such, carefully guarded her Eyes froin beholding him; and never approached him, but the looked down with all the blushing Modefity I have seen in the most severe and cautious of our Wol.and there People represented to me an absolute Idea of the first State of Innocence, be frore Man knew how to sin : And 'tis most evident and plain, that simple Nature is the most harmless, inoffensive and virtuous Miltrefs. 'Tis ibe allone, if the were permitted, that better infiru~ts the Wiorld, than all the Inventions of Man : Religion would here but destroy that Tranquillity they poi: fess by Ignorance; and Laws would but teach 'emn to know Offence, of which now they have no Nol tion. They once made Mourning and fa~itng for they Death of the English Goviernor, who had givena his hand to come on such a day to 'em, and neither came nor sent;; when a Man's w~cold! was past, nothing but Death could or thou'd prevent his keeping it : And when they thw he was not dead, they asked him what Name they had Ior a man who promised a thing he did not do? The g~ovemnor told them, Such a man was a Liar, / wrhich was a word of Infamy to a gt~rentle n. Thr'ien one of 'emn reply·'d, Governorul, you arne a Ly· t'ive juitice, wvhich know~is no Fraud; andl th: .r der9tand nos Vice, or Cunnling, but when they ari taught by the Wrhite Men. They have Plurality of Wives a which, when they grow old, they serve those that succeed 'em, who are young, but with a Servitude easy and refpe~ted a and ulnlefs they take Slaves in w~r, they have no other Attendants. Throfe on that Continent where I was, had no King a but the oldest War captain was obeyed with great Resignation. A War captain is a Man who has led them on to Battle with condurt and Success of whom If hall have occaffon tofipeak more hereafter, and of same other of their Customs and Manners, as they fall la; my way. With there' People, as I said, we live in perfelc Tranquillity, and good Underitanding, as it behoves us to do 4 they knowing all the places where to seek the best Food of the Country , and the means of getting it; and for very small and unvaluable Trifies, supply us with what 'tis impemublee for us to get a for they do not only in the Wjood, and ovjer the Sevana's, in Hunting, supply the parts of Hounds, by fwviftly scouring through those almloft impyaffable Places, and by the mere a~tivity of their Feet run down the nimblest Deer, and other estable Beasts: but in the Water, one would think they were Gods of the Rivers, or Fellow cit izens of the Deep; so rare an Art they have in Swimr ming, Diving, and almost Living in Water, by which they command the less swift inhabitants or tche Floods. And then for shooting, whiat they cannot take, or reach with their Hands, they do with arrows; and have to, admirable an Aim, that tney will split almoit an h air; and at any difiance that an Arrow can reach a they will thoot: down oranges, and other Fruit, and onlty touch the Stalk cub the Dart's Point, that they may not hurt Ithu Eruit. Fruift. So that they being, on all ocar~ons~, very ofreful to us, we find it absolutely neceffaryr to caress 'em as Friends, and not to treat 'em as Slaves ; nor dare we do other, their Numbers so far furp~af sing ourg in that Continent. thofe'`then whom we make use of to work inr our Plantations of Sugar , are: Negro's , Black Slaves altogetheri which are transported thitheritn this manner : Thde ho wnt Slvesmake a Bargain witha Master, or a Captain ofasiadota o pay him so much apiece, a matter of Twenty Pound a Head, for as many as he agrees for, and to pay for 'em when they f hall be delivered on such a Plantation : So that when there arrives a Ship laden with Slaves , they who have so contrasted, go a board, and receive their number by Lot; and perhaps in one Lot that may be for ten, there may happen to be three or four Men, the rest Women and Children : Or be there more or less of either Sex, you are obliged to be contented with your Lot. Coramantien, a Country of Biacks so called, was one of those places in which they found the most ad valntageous ' Trading for these Slaves , and thither most of our great Traders in that Merchandise traf sick; for that Nation is very war like and brave; and having a continual campaign, being always in Hoffility with one neighbouring Prince or other, thley had the fortune to take a great many Captives; for ali they took in Battle were sold as Slaves ; at least, those common Men wjho could not ransom themnfelves. Of these slav es so taken, the G; eneral only has all the Profit s and of these Generals our Captains and Miafters of Ships buy all their Freights. The The King of Coramantien was himself a Mlan of' an Hundred and add Years old, and had no Son, though he had many beautiful Black