he is indebted for much of his grandeur to that native and unaffected simplicity which characterises his manner. His descriptions of confliing armies; the spirit, the fire, the rapidity which he throws into his battles, present to every reader of the Iliad frequent intfances of sublime writing. The majesty of his warlike scenes are often heightened, in a high degree, by the in troduion of the Gods. In the twentieth book, where all these superior beings take part in the engagement, according as they severally favour either the Grecians or the Trojans, the poet appears to put forth one of his highest efforts; and the description rises rites into the most awful magnificence. All nature seems to be in commotion. Jupiter thunders through the flky; Neptune smites the earth with his trident; the Ships, the city, and the mountains tremble; the earth hakes to its centre; Pluto leaps from his throne, fearing least the secrets of the infernal regions should be laid open to the view of mortals. We hall .transcribe Mr. Pope's translation of this passage; which, though perhaps inferior to the original, is yet highly animated and sublime . But when the Powers defending fwell'd the sight, Then tumult rose, fierce rage, and pale affright: Now through' the trembling ihores Minerva calls, And now he thunders from the Grecian walls; Mars, hovering over his Troy, his terror hrouds In gloomy tempests , and a night of clouds; Now'thro' each Trojan heart he fury pours With voice divine, from Ilion's topmost towers; Above, the Sire of Gods his thunder rolls, And peals on peals redoubled rend the poles; Beneath, stern Neptune Ihakes the solid ground, The forests wave, the mountains nod around; C 4 Through' Through' all her summits tremble Ida's woods, And from their sources boil her hundred floods; Troy's turrets totter on the rocking plain, And the tossed navies beat the heaving main; Deep in the dismal region of the dead, The infernal Monarch reared his horrid head, Leapt from his throne, lest Neptune's arm should lay His darkdominions open to the day; And pour in light on Pluto's drear abodes, Abhorred by men, and dreadful even to Gods! Such wars the Immortals wage; such horrors rend The world's var concave, when the Gods contend. Conciseness and simplicity will. ever be found essential to sublime writing.: Simplicity is properly opposed to studied and profuse ornament; and conciseness to superfluity of exprefion. It will easily appear, why a defer either in conciseness or simplicity is peculiarly hurtful to the sublime . The emotion excited in the mind by some great or noble obje, raises it considerably above its common pitch. A species of enthusiasm is produced, extremely tremely pleasing while it lasts; but from which the mind is tending every moment to fink into its ordinary tone or situation. When an author, therefore, has brought us, or is endeavouring to bring us into this state, if he multiplies words unnecessarily, if he decks the sublime objet, on all fides, with glitterinig ornamentsi nay, if he throws in any one decoration which falls in the least below the principal image, that moment he changes the key; he relaxes the tension of the mind; the strength of the feeling is emasculated; the Beautiful may remain, but the Sublime is extin guifhed. homer description of the nod of Jupiter, as ihaking the heavens, has been admired, in all ages, as wonderfully sublime . Literally translated, it runs thus: " He spoke, and bending his sable " brows, gave the awful nodj while he shook the celestial locks of his immortal "head, all Olympus was fhaken." mr. Pope translates it in this manner, He He spoke; and awful bends his sable brows, Shakes his ambrosial curls, and gives the nod, The stamp of fate, and sanction of a god: High heaven with trembling the dread signal took, And all Olympus to its centre Ihook. The image is expanded, and attempted to be beautified; butin reality, it is weakened. The third line -- " The stamp of fate, and fanfion of a God," is entirely expletive, and introduced only to fill up the rhyme; for it interrupts the description, and clogs the image. For the same reason, Jupiter is represented as baking his locks before he gives the nod: "Shakes his ambrosial curls, and gives the nod; " which is trifling and insignificant: whereas, in the original, the hair of his head ihaken is the consequence of his nod, and makes a happy picturesque circumstance in the description. The boldness, freedom, and variety of our blank verse, is infinitely more propitious than rhyme, to all kinds of sublime potry, poetry. The flleft evidence of this is afforded by Milton; an author whose genius led him peculiarly to the sublime . The whole first and second books of Paradise Lost are continued examples of it, Take only, for instance, the following poted description of Satan, after his fall, appearing at the head of his infernal hosts: -« -- -- -- He, above the rest, In shape and gesture proudly eminent, sto6d like a tower: his form had not yet lost All her original brightness, nor appeared Less than Archangel ruined ; and the excess Of glory obscured : as when the fun, new risen, Looks through' the horizontal misty air, Shorn of his beams; or, from behind, the moon, In dim eclipse, disastrous twilight sheds On half the nations, and with fear of change Perplexes monarchs. Darkened so, yet hone Above them all th' Archangel. Here a variety of sources of the sublime are joined together: the principal object superlatively great; a high superior na sure, fallen indeed, but railing itfelfagainft direfs ditrefs; the grandeur of the principal object heightened, by connecing it with so noble an idea as that of the fun susser ing an eclipse; this picture, shaded with all those images of change and trouble, of darkness and terror , which coincide so exquisitely with the sublime emotion; and the whole expressed in a style and versification familiar, natural,