rational pleasure, variety is studied, that the mind may be refrefled with a succession of novelties. The proi: -- writer, where it can be done conveniently, varies the length, the sound, and the syntax, of contiguous clauses and lentenccs; and amnfes the reader's n!fcy with metaphors, fimilitudcs, and other apposite figures of ilech. The poet varies the ftruc'ure of contiguous veribs; and, in framing his sable, is careful to bring in events that are both probable and muexpedcd, and perions who differ from each each other in character, appearance, and adventures. So in the other fine arts. In the works of nature there is great uniformity, and at the irame time the moult unbounded variety: so that he who studies them is continually delighted with new and wonderful discoveries; and yet is never perplexed by their multiplicity, because order, proportion, and iitnefs, prevail through the whole fyfteem. 167. The taste for novelty is an important part of the human contlitution. It is the source of much amufemert, and prompts men to labour in the acquisition of knowledge. It is, besides, one of our first passions. You cannot gratify a child more, than by showing him something new, or telling hlim a wonderful itory. The lame novelties are not equally captivating to all. Some seek after new attainments in science; some wander through the world to visit (lifferent nations; some explore the wonders of inanimate nature, an( some the characters of men; sone read history, some itudy the fine arts, some are curious in whatever relates to mechanifin, and some R 2 mind mind little more than the news of the day; some amuse themselves with collecting pictures, prints, manuscripts, medals, ihells, minerals; and some are fond of old, and others of new books. Thus men 'take to different pursuits and employments, and every part of knowledge is cultivated. 168. OF SUBLIMITY . Things of great magnitude, as a large building, a high mountain , a broad river, a wide profpet, the ocean, the sky, c. fill the mind of the beholder with admiration and pleaiing aftoniflmnent, and with respect to this fen Iation are called Sublime . Great height and depth, and great number too, as an army, a navy, a long succession of years, eternity, care sublime objects, because they fill our minds with the same pleasing aftonifllment. In contemplating such things, we are conscious of something like an expansion or elevation of our faculties, as if we were exerting our whole capacity to comprehend the vastness of the objet. i69. Whatever it be that raises in us this pleasurable aftonifhmnent, is accounted fiblime, whether connected with quantity or or number, or not. Hence loud sounds, like those of thunder , cannon, a full organ, a storm; hence those fitions in poetry, that produce an imaginary, and not painful, terror ; hence any uncommon degree of virtue, of genius , or even of bodily strength; and hence thoc affictions which elevate the soul, as fortitude, devotion, and univerial benevolence, or which are, in their objects, causes, or cfficts, connected with great number or great quantity; arc all denominated sublime , and fill our minds with the same delightful aftoniflment and adnmiration. 17o. The Deity, the source of happiness and the standard of perfection; who creates, preserves, pervades, and governs all things; whose power is omnipotent, whole wisdom is perfect, whose goodness is unbounded, whose greatness is incom prchenfible; who was from all eternity, and of whose dominion there can be no end; Hers undoubtedly, and, beyond all comparison, the most sublime object which it is possible to conceive or to contemplate: and of all created sublimity (if I may fq speak) speak) his works exhibit the moil perfect and most astonishing examples. There are, no doubt, sublime operations of human art, as ships of war, cathedral churches, palaces, mounds for repelling the sea, chut, in refpet of greatness, these are nothing, when we compare them with mountains , volcanoes, the ocean, the expanse of heaven, clouds and storms, thunder and lightning, the fun and moon, the solar system, the univerie. 17i. Poetry, Painting, and Music, are called Fine arts; because, though not necessary to life, they are highly ornamental. Architec'ure is also a fine art; for it improves building to a degree far beyond what is necessary. And by each of these arts the sublime is attainable. That is sublime music which inspires sublime as sections, as courage and devotion; or which by its sonorous harmonies overwhelms the mind with a pleasing aftonifl ment. Architecture is sublime , when it is large, lofty, and durable, and at the same time so simple and well proportioned as that the eye can take in all its greatness at once. once. For a number of little parts and ornaments take away from the sublimity of a great building, though they may sometimes add to its beauty. Painting is sublime , when it exhibits men invested with great qualities, such as bodily strength; or acduated by sublime passions, as devotion or valour; or when it successfully imitates great visible objects, artificial or natural, as mountains , precipices, palaces, storms, ca tarads, volcanoes, and the like. 172. Poetry is sublime ; first, when it elevates the mind, and makes it, as it were, iuperior to the cares and troubles of this world: secondly, when it infuifs any sublime affecion, as devotion, valour, universal benevolence, the love of virtue and of our country: thirdly, when it affects the mind with an awful and imaginary, but not unplcafing horror : fourthly, when it describes the sentiments or actions of those. persons whole charatecr is sublime : and fifthly, when it conveys a lively idea of any grand appearance, natural, artificial, or imaginary. That ityle is sublime , which makes us readily conceive any great object or or sentiment in a lively manner; and this is often done when the words are very plain and simple. i73. It is true, that poets and orators, when they describe sublime objeats, do often elevate their style with tropes and figures, and high sounding expressions.