which has been ranked by Burke among the qualities productive of the sublime , in saying, that by it "the imagination is entertained with the promise of something more, and does not acquiesce in the present object of the sense; " as also, where the sublime.is alone considered, that " the eye not being able to perceive the bounds of many things, they seem to be infinite , and they produce the same es sects as if they were really so." In this manner the same sentiment is raised, that Mr. Price attributes to intricacy, and to the picturesque, and calls curiosity. All the instances of the picturesque, such as that of picturesque manners, at the end of the essay, appear to me as much allied to what is most commonly called sublime , as respect is to astonishment . Let us imagine a picture of Salvator Rosa, representing a rocky mountainous scene, where a a great deal of wild brushwood, either hangs down from the edge of precipices, or stretches irregularly along places on which soil grows; yet not so as to prevent the eye from being attracted by the smooth and verdant ground, here and there contrasting, though agreeably, with the other features of the landscape. I believe it will be thought that the contrast extends no further; but that the wildness of the overgrown spots, no less than the magnitude and elevation of the hills, increases the savage grandeur of the place, while it is the grassy part alone which gives relief to it by opposition. With respect to the use of the term picturesque, I will observe that it may either, as the public determines, signify one, species of the sublime (in Burke's sense of that word) supposing it resolved that they should all receive names, or may continue to preserve its old meaning, and convey, as in Mr. Gilpin's writings, the idea of such a mixed assemblage of natural objects as would please upon the principle of painting. Dr. Priestley does not consider terror as a source of the sublime ; which, in his opinion, is characterised by an aful stillness; and though I think the passage of Homer, last referred to by Mr. Price, sufficiently proves terror , as he intends it should, an obvious cause of the sublime , yet these different ways of seeing the same thing may be an inducement to notice, and to distinguish its most dissimilar properties. But a philosopher who explains his terms, and even makes excuses for them, if imperfect from the nature of language, has a right to be understood in his own sense, provided his ideas are clear. The want of a persuasion of this has set the opinions of Burke and many of his readers at variance. It has too been objected by some, that simple terror is purely disagreeable, and destitute of any power of elevating the mind. But the objects of taste , either in the plain or metaphorical sense of the word, may be delightful, and yet their ingredients, when analysed, quite the reverse. From a like error Gibbon forms a wrong estimate of the cause to which the sublime is attributed. He erroneously represents Burke , who echoes Longinus's opinion of the swelling sentiments produced by the sublime , as maintaining an opposite one, because he speaks in another place, of the depression of mind it causes. But to allow both these effects of it, is no more inconsistent than to acknowledge, that a sublime passage which presents painful images to us, may communicate delight. There is not a more striking proof of the power inherent in the principles Burke shows to be ingredients of the sublime , than the effect of a series of stupid actions, b which an audience, particularly a gallery, are so enchanted, because they cannot look beyond those principles into the texture of the work. But that power, on the other hand, is a proof that their judgement is good, as far as it goes. Vid. Intro duct. on Taste . The affinity between terror and the sublime , will appear from the terror which persons of delicate nerves, or peculiarly constructed, have felt at the sight of the sea, or objects of extraordinary magni .lde. Upon the whole, it surely must appear, that whenever the character of an object of our senses is spirit and it does not sooth, but in some degree irritate, as in the picturesque, the idea of pain is uppermost, and it falls within the limits of the sublime . It produces delight, as beauty does pleasure; for what intermediate sentiment remains? If indeed we look in De Bure, or any bookseller's catalogue, we shall observe the frequent difficulty of precise classification, and own it was never got over so well as by Burke . The sublime is, according to him, a peculiar quality having an effect, especially where strongly characterised, which may perhaps be described in M the same manner as the sublime remarks and sentences of an ancient lyric poet were by Bacon, and be said to strike the mind suddenly as bv a divine rod. On the contrary, Longinus does not distinguish between effects; and what he calls the sublime , might be well denominated genius , as having, in the examples he produces, every kind of character. An examination of the Ode of Sappho might furnish a proof of this; but would require more time than can be at present spared. The sublime of Burke is that which would be pain, or upon a comprehensive view of things would seem allied to it, but for the removal of perhaps a single idea or two, which totally alters its nature. But a familiar example may explain this satis factorly: suppose, then, a party are met to enjoy themselves, with one unpleasant person in company, whose manner has not only those ugly breaks, or pauses, which prevent him from perfectly assimilating with the rest, but is aggravated by a loudness of voice, and a liberty of gesture, that, raising a species of terror , exemplifies the