intolerable day." If we except some passages in the sacred writings, which will ever remain superior to the most exalted efforts of human genius , the imagination can scarcely conceive anything more sublime and awful than the above passage. Why then did the poet so injudiciously break in upon that silent astonishment and awe , which muff fill the mind of the reader at the conclusion of these lines, by introducing a simile, which, though great and beautiful in itse.f, bears no more proportion to the august scene with which it is contracted, than the glowworm's feeble ray does to the fun in his meridian splendour? After this the poet again endeavours to paint the anguish and terror which wicked men will feel in the anticipation of their doom; the bare idea idea of which (he tells us) is so dreadful, that they would joyfully endure the most excruciating corporeal pain to escape its vengeance. But take it in his own words. "Lo! the wide field, where thousands, in despair, Would finile at death, and hug the mangling spear; Where, sire with rage too big to be expressed, They'd bless the reeking blade that tore their breafi. .0 with what joy some mortal wound they'd feel, with.what delight they'd clasp the pointed fieel, Hung on the smarting rack, or freteh'd upon the wheel. Blessed, were some mountain at th' Eternal's call Whirled from its base to crush them in the fall; Would Heaven's great Sovereign hear their only prayer, To strew their limbs like atoms in the air; Would rome devouring flame their dull consume, Or deep volcano hide them in its womb, With their last breath they'd praise JEHOVAH's name, And bless their dreadful sentence in the flame. But, ah, 'tis all in vain." In the last cited passage four of the lines are rendered inharmonious by the flat sounding abbreviation they'd, which can never please a poetical ear. There is also a false rhyme; and the whole appears too much laboured: but the sentiments it conveys are warranted by inspiration, in that short, but far more sublime expression" " "tflall call on the rocks and mountains to fall upon I' upon them," c. The poet had doubtless this passage in his eye, in the eighth line. After expressing a deire, that the sense of an event so great and awful may never be absent from his mind, he asks the reader, "Say, dost thou long to reach yon disant sky ?" And, after remarking that it is not thefudden hfart, the transient flah of thought, the darting im plule, or loose sally of keen desire, that can render men the proper objecs of Divine favour in that solemn hour, he proceeds to show what will con ititute them successful candidates for future blei fednefs, and glory. '" * 'Tis a work that grows upon the sight; 'Tis godlike Virtue's regular delight. Th' intrepid soul, by passions never alarmed, Improved by judgement, as by fancy warmed; 'Whose zealwith reason's rigid dictates sorts, Glows, but not blazes; warms, but not transports; Whose conduct, square by every noble rile, Forms one proportioned, just, confident whole: 'Tis he, who does whatever a mortal can * * When keen temptation prompts the heart to stray, And the warm tumult melts the soul away, Who Who then from heaven awaits directing light, And lands unshaken in superior might: This, this is he, who; in serene repose, Can coolly smile at earth's convulsive throes. In the above passage, the most interesting truths are blended with the pleasing mild graces of poetry, and while they charm the ear, find their way to the heart. Where inftrution is thus interwoven with the expressive touches of eloquence, the reader will not spend his time in barren amusement, but find his heart made better while his imagination is entertained and improved. The poet next represents the great "Judge " of quick and dead," as taking one comprehensive view of the vast assemblage of beings who stand before him, awaiting the decision of their fate. "Over all the crowd he took one vast survey, With eyes that view the darkness as the day: Each deep design though hid behind a cloud, With secret acts, a countless multitude, Whatever beneath the conscious fun was wrought, He knew, airdweigh'd in oneprodigious thought." An unhappy epithet for thought as could have been introduced. Would the subjec: admit of it it, the reader might be indulged in a little risibility: but where so many real beauties strike us, we ought not to be too severe. Even Homer sometimes nodded. He then describes, with great energy, the awakening of conscious guilt in the minds of those, who (as Shakespeare strongly expresses it) "- had within them undivulged crimes Unwhipt of Jufice; " and proceeds to a pathetic expoftuiation with them on their past folly, and forgetfulness of that Omniscient Being who continually beholds them, After describing, figuratively, the different emotions of justice and mercy in the Deity, the poet represents him as rising in all the terrors of incensed Omnipotence, and pronouncing on the wicked, their irrevocable doom. "Ie rofe his looks the coming judgement flo.v, Resentment darkened his najeftic brow; Then viewv'd the throng beneath his footfiool spread; Shook with a nod the burning skies, and said, ' Depart, ye damned -- - " The The removal of the wicked to their everlasting habitations is then described in language suitably adapted to the horror of the scene, according to the commonly received orthodox opinion of this final catastrophe. The reader is now addressed with the following beautiful lines, which are not less calculated to amend the heart, than to delight the ear capable of harmony. "Would'st thou, O man, avoid th' unbounded woe; Would'st feel thy breast with endless raptures glow; Wouldst thou with triumph hear the thunder roll, That rocks the trembling earth from pole to pole: Retire; be deaf to grandeur's vain alarm, Its gilded darts, that ting thee while they charm; Let life's