voila sin veritable chairatere: ' That's the Sublime ; that's the true charaaer of it.' In fat, Longinus's Account of the Sublime is, we apprehend, very just: it is not built on any single Passion; though they all may serve to inflame that pathetic Enthufiafin, which, in conjuntion with an exalted Thought, serves to hurry away the Mind with great Rapidity from itself. Terror is therefore a great Addition, and in like Manner so are all other Passions, Grief, Love, Rage, Indignation, Ambition, Compassion, cour Author adds, that whatever is Terrible is Sublime : the Gallows, a red hot Iron, care Terrible, but not Sublime : the Terrible will exalt the Sublime where it is, but cannot create it where it is not: that is to say, they must subsist separately. Nero setting Fire to Rome, and Queen Mary burning Heretics in Smithfield cannot convey to any fenfiblemind, the faintest Idea of the Sublime , though we imagine it must be allowed that they raise Horror in a very powerful Degree. Obscurity , our Author observes, increases the Sublime , which is certainly very just; but from thence erroneously infers, that Clearness of Imagery is unnecessary to affect the Passions; but surely nothing can move but what gives Ideas to the Mind, and it is thus that even Music operates by recalling Images by means of Sounds, which set the Imagination at work with all her various Combinations. Our Author pursues his Thought Thought still further, and combats the Opinion of the lbbe dit Bos, viz. that Painting has the Advantage over Poetry, because it presents its Objets more clejrly and diftincly. 'This Notion he thinks not true, but surely the Reason he gives is not a very good one: he gives the Preference to Poetry on account of its Obscurity . Whereas it Should be on account of its greater Perspicuity, its Amplifications, and its being at liberty to select a greater Variety of Circumftahces, in order to make its Exhibitions more vivid and striking, It a Painter was to give a Portrait of Satan as represented in the following Lines of Miltoit, - He above the refi II Shape and Gesture proudly eminent Stood like a Tower, his Form had yet not lost All it's original Brightness, nor appeared Less than Archangel ruined , and th' Excess Of Glory obscure ; as when the Sun new rise Looks through the horizontal miflv Air Shorn of his Beams: or from behind the Moon In dim Eclipse disastrous Twilight sheds On half the Nations; and with Fear of Change Perplexes Monarchs. He could never give an Idea of the Wonderful Stature, nor could he compare him with a Tower, the Sun, the Moon, nor upon the whole would he bring together that Combination of Sublime Images, which, instead of obscuring , serve to illufirate and lheight: n the Colouring. He proceeds in the next Place to mention Privation as a Source of the Sublime , as when the Poet says, ' Along the waste Dominions of the Dead.' And he enumerates other Sources, as Vastness in any Objet, Infinity, Suc celfion and Uniformity of Parts in Building, or any ()'jcct in Nature. Under the las Head he makes a vcr; ingenious Remark, wlhn he observes that a Vo I. III E Succession Succellion of uniform Parts creates a Kind of artificial Infinite , and this he adds may be the Cause why a Rotund has such a noble Effect in Building; which perhaps is a better Reason than Mr. add/fon's, who says, ' It is because in the Rotund at one Glance you take in half the Building.' Here our Author might have allowed a Sublime without Terror ; for we apprehend Infinity is not so highly pleasing to the Soul of Man, on account of any Horror attending it, but on account of that strong progressive Motion of the Mind, which cannot rest contented with what it has grafpedi but must be for ever urging on to something at a Distance from its Power, and as it were with Thoughts beyond the Reaches of our Souls. Difficulty comes in next, as a Promoter of the Sublime ; as likewise Magnificence, Light, and Colour; and .with regard to the last he enumerates a firong Red, Black, Brown, deep Purple, and the like, as Causes of the Sublime . He very justly confiders the Sounds of Cataracts, Storms, Thunder , Artillery, as the Causes of great Impressions: and he also finds the Sublime in low, tremulous, and intermitting Sounds, but refers it solely to Terror : when Macbeth with a low Voice says, ' I dare do all that may become a Man, who dares do more is none?' we apprehend there is no Terror in this Speech, but we are pleas d with the Poet's noble Conception of the Dignity of human Nature. He next finds the Sublime in the Cries of Animals. That depends however upon the Rank we have given in our Imaginations to the different Animals; though the confused Cry of any of them in a still solemn Night, when the Mind is already impressed with Awe , will help to heighten our Affections; so that though they do not cause the Sublime , they may help to increase it by the Paflious which they agitate. He proceeds to look for the Sublime in Bitters and in Stenches: but the Bitter Cup of Misery has in it nothing Sublime , but depends pends entirely on the Circumstances and Character of the Person that speaks it, and then by an Association of Ideas, our Minds may be greatly affected: and in a Description of the Jaws of Hell, which of itself gives us Images of dreadful Magnificence, a thick Exhalation of Smoke and Stench may be brought in to correspond with our preconceived Notions, and so give a Finiflhing to the Description; but a Stench on a Dunghill would create no Sublimity : Our Author has not diftingui(hed between the efficient Causes of the Sublime , and the concomitant Circumfiances which help to increase it. He concludes this Part of