the wheels and their work was like unto the colour of a beril and the fire was bright, and out of the fire went forth lightning." 760. He in cdesial planly ail armed Of radiant Urim, ] All armed in complete heavenly armour of radiant light. Celstialpaosply is an allusion to St. Paul's expression, Eph. VI I. Pat on the panoply, the wale arorur cf Ged. 781. At his crssnand c.] We frequently read in the Scriptures of the hills and mountains trembling and moving at the presence or command of the Loid: but it is generally, if not always, mentioned as the effect or proof of his high displeasure. - Here the poet lays hold of the same thought, and applies it as an instance of his great goodness, to reresu tse r.sc tedface of Its: evr. 78s. lis beav'r.jy Spi'rlts csi'd scuh perv r: eness des L P .32- Tantene animis ccelestibus ire? Virg. En. i. 11. 84z. That .wished the mountains noo' might be again c.] So Rev. VI 16, which is very applicable here, as they had been overwhelmed with mountains . See ver. 655. What was so terrible before, they wished as a shelter now; 853. Yet half his strength he put notforth, c] ] is no question but Milton had heated his imagination with the sight of the Gods in Homer, before he entered upon this engagement of the Angels. Homer there gives us a scene of men, heroes and Gods, mixed together in battle.' Mars animates the contending armies, and lifts up his voice in such a manner, that it is heard distintly, ' amidst all the'shouts and confusion of the sight. Jupiter at the same time thunders over their heads i while Neptune raises such a tempest , that the whole field of battle, and all the tops of the mountains shake about them. The poet tells us, that Pluto himself, whose habitation was in the very centre of the earth, was so afirighted at the shock, that he leapt from his throne. Homer afterwards describes Vulcan as pouring down a storm of fire upon the river Xanthus, and Minerva as throwing a rock at Mars, who he tells us covered seven acres in his fall. As Homer has introduced into his battle of the Gods everything that is great and terrible in nature, Milton has filled his sight of good and bad Angels with all the like circumstances of horror . The shouts of armies, the rattling of brazen chariots, the hurling of rocks and mountains , the earthquake, the fire, the thunder , areallof them employed tolift up the reader imagination , and give him a suitable idea of so great an action. With what art has the poet represented the whole body of the earth trembling, even before it was created! All Heaven resounded, and had earth been then All earth had to her centre shook. In how sublime and just a manner does he afterwards describe the whole Heaven shaking under the wheels of the Messiah's chariot, with that exception to the throne of Cod. Underlie burning wheels The stediast empyrean shook throughout, All but the thrdoe itselh f God. VOL. II. M x33. j Notwithstanding the Messiah appears clothed with so much terror and majesty, the poet has still found means to make his readers conceive an idea of him, beyond what he himself was able to describe. Yet half his strength he put not forth, but checked His thunder in mid volley; for he meant Not to destroy but root them out of Heaven. In a word, Milton's genius , which was so great in itself, and so strengthened by all the helps of learning, appears in this book every way equal to his subject, which was the most sublime that could enter into the thoughts of a poet. As he knew all the arts of affecting the mind, he knew it was necessary to give it certain resting places, and opportunities of recovering itself from time to time: he has therefore with great address interspersed several speeches, reflefions, similitudes, and the like reliefs to diversify his narration, and ease the attention of the reader, that he might come fresh to his great ation, and by such a contrast of ideas have a more lively taste of the nobler pars of his description. add.son, 86. -- i as a bird Of goats cit may seem strange that our author, amidst so many sublime images, should intermix so Iowa comparison as this. But it is the pra&iceof Homer; and we have some remarkable instances in the second book of the Iliad, where, in a pompous description of the Grecians going forth to bat. tie, and amidst the glare of several noble similitudes, they are compared for their number to flies about a shepherd's cottage, whben the milk mristens the pails; and after he has compared Agamemnon to Jove, and Mars, and Neptune, he compares him again to a bull. But we may observe, to the advantage of our author, that this low simile is not applied as Homer's similes are, to the persons he meant to honour, but to the contrary party; and the lower the comparison, the more it expresses their defeat. And there is the greater propriety in the similitude of goats particularly, because our Saviour represents the wicked under the same image, as the good are called the sheep, Mat. XXV 33, 893. stus measuring things in Heaven by things on earth, che repeats the same kind of apology here in the conclusion, that he made in the beginning of his narration. See V 573, sc. By likening spiritual to corporeal form, c. and it is indeed the best defence that can be made for the bold ficions in this book, which though some cold readers may perhaps blame, yet the coldest, I conceive, cannot but admire. It is remarkable too with what art and beauty the poet, from the highth and sublimity of the rest of this book, descends here