trust The last remains of EVELINA's dufl. Now slow and folemll, .over the honoured tomb Amidst the horrors of tlhe midnight gloom, They pour their sorrows,, thrice again., exclaim, Frantic with woe, on EVELINA's name; Then parting, on either hand retire, As part the winds the gloomy funeral fire. but he, the Chief, wiho led the sacred train Long used in MONA's awful groves to reign, Over the shrine in sorrow bending low, Near where old LLVYAN's rapid torrents flow; Beneath Beneath the deep and inelancholy Ihade, Primaival oaks with mingling boughs difplay'd; His awful front with marks of grief impressed His silver beard soft waving over his breafd, His head upon his bent arm fuftain'd, Like some monument of grief remained.' THE thunders roaring, the funereal gloom, That wrapped the hade of EVELINA's tomb; The winds that whiffled loud the trees among, The swelling stream that foaming poured along. The Spirits of the storm that sailing high, j Bore devaltation through the reddening sky; Voices of woe from SNOWDON's top that cried, While lofty MONA through the gloom replied, Forms long departed of the silent dead, That firike the trembling heart with awe and dread, Flashing like meteors on th' astonished sight, Beneath the fable horrors of the night, These These unappalled the chief of MONA heard For fortitude and justice frill revered, And skilled in charms whose. wonder working power Oft' at the silent midnight's gioomy hour, By magic spells the souls of heroes slain Has called to banquet in the mooelrght plain. GREAT was his poor, but greater were the charms Of Virtue that her sacred votaries warms; Who in his breast her hallowed rule maintained, For Virtue chief in ancient MONA reigned, Yet unsubdued unpolished by those arts That to soft slavery sunk the Roman hearts In after ages which to ruin hurled The envied Mistress of the conquered world. -- - BUT as the night's dun fladows fled: away And ruddy Ifreaks proclaimed approadiing: dayy,, : '-: : The storms that lilook the woods appeiard to cease, ' And fighting winds were hufli'd to softest peace. E. but .no soft sicep the chief of MONA knows, While warring elements forbid repose, While his lov'd.countrys woes Iris soul oppressed, And more than tempests robbed his eyes of rest; Yet when the opening clouds proclaimed the dawn, And grey morn' glimmered over the dewy lawn. Deep sunk beneath the visionary shade, In silent trance the reverend Seer was laid. To the dark vale, from SNOWDON's brightening height The airy spirits take their wonted flights; Thick as autumnal leaves that strew the green A countless holt! to mortal eye unseen, Save to the Druids and the sacred train That in high MONA hold their awful reign; - . [, These oft observe them as they sweep along, And fill all AETHER with cleftial song, Or itrike the harps 'lone hanging on the trees, And waft their music on the passing breeze; Now hovering close over EVELINA's tomb, With dusky wing,. they dkirt the awful gloom, Relume Relume the last remains of Briti fire,... And heavenly thoughts, and mystic dreams. inspire. ' MEANWHILE AURORA with her saffron ray, Wide fcatt'ring roses, wakes the newborn day, The distant hills with yellow luifre bright Confess th' approaches of the God of light, Then opens the scene, refulgent to behold! The glittering rocks and: streams that glow with gold. -- First snowdon's height the.folar beam displays,. And fllines conspicuous with the orient blaze, The glorious Power whoi rules the radiant sky, That sacred spot regards with favouring eye; Where Freedom from oppressive arms retired, And but at last triumphantly expird. Short were the glories there that Conquest won, Till Art completed what, by force begun, Oft ftain'd the British Alps with native blood, Or gorged the wolves, and fish of the flood, While While brazen throated War, with hidious roar Re bellowed to the farthest THULE's fllre! GREAT Prince of Mountains ! from whose towering heiglt, Stupendous objets strike th' aftoniflh'd sight, Thy sounding cataraas, and mingled caves, Thy melting snows that wvell old Ocean's.; aves Thy craggy cliffs from whence with furious sweep The ruflaing tempests route the troubled deep; Amazing scenes! inspire the Poet's song, That brings the fine and liberal arts along, Well might the artifis here, ITALIAS boast, Find scenes well suited onl thy Britilh coafi. rosa! whose pencil, Rill sublimely wrought, In all the majesty of boundless thought, Who trace wild, Natule i 1. her rudest forms, Midst broken 'ocks and! ogeans vex'cd by ftrms; .: Here might have pitov'd lte wonldrs of hitihand; - - And caught new bautie s ftom. tihe varied lt idl Till Till thy soft art the brightest tints beftow'd, And warm with life the swelling canvas glowed. MENAI, whoce fiream more soft and gentle flows, Whose frequent murm'rings lull to calm repose, Wide to Ierne's coast her course that bends, And towards the vast Atlantic deep extends; Seas ever rolling to far distant Skies, And other climes where other stars arise, Where happier isles the great COLUMBUS found, And lands extending to the world's vast bound, With that immense and long unnoticed shore Stretched from MAGELLAN to rough LABRADOR And northward still, beyond where man can trace The seats remote of many' a savage race, Even to the Children of the Sun unknown, And swarthy tribes that fill the torrid zone! MENAI! thy waves and banks descending slow, Bright with the face of Morn's effulgence glow. F Not Not rich PACTOLUS, pride of Phrygian lands, Nor AFRIC's streams that roll over golden lands, More deep imbibe the fun's enlivening ray, Reflet his beams, and glitter on the day! HERE might the Poet sing in firains sublime Drawn from the records of remoter time, Blow, on thy banks, a mingled barbarous holt Ia flaughter'd thousands ftrew'd the Britili coast, Well pleased ffill CAMBRIA hears her t OWEN's name And ranks the hero in her lift: of fame, Who saw fair Peace and Liberty