eife but fear to support them. Before the chrifrian religion had, as it were, human nized the idea of the divinity, and brought it somewhat nearer to us, there was little aiid of the love of God. The followers of Plato havec something of it, and only something. The other writers of pagan antiquity, whether poets or philosophers, nothing at all. And they who confider with what infinite attention, by what a, disregard of every perilhable objet, through' what long habits of piety and contemplation it is, that any man is liable to attain an entire love and devotion to the deity,, ill easily perceive, that it is not the first, the imof natural, and the moult firiking effei which proceeds from that idea. Thus we have traced power through its several gradations unto the highest of all, where our imagination is finally lost; and ie iand terror , qu: te throughout the progr fs, its inseparable companion, and growing along with it, as far as we can poilibly trace them. Now as power is undoubtedly a capital source of the sublime , this will point out evidently from whence its energy is derived, and to what class of ideas we ought to unite it. SECT. VI PRIVATION. A LL general privations are great, because A they are all terrible; lacuity, Darknfsj S'oltude and Silence. With what a fire of imagination , yet with what severity ofjudgment, has Virgil amassed all these circumstances where he knows .that all the images of a tremendous dig nit7 ought to bs united, at the mouth of hell! where before he unlocks the secrets of the great deep he seems to be seizcd with a religious horror , and to retire ailonfihed ac the bolduefs of his own design. Di. quibus imperium eft animarum, umbrraq; si lentes, Et Chaos, et Pllegethon, loca no; Southeast filentia late, Sit mnihi fas audita loqui, sit numine ve/iro Pandere res alta terra et caligine nzejas. Ibant obfcuri, folafub noate, per umbram, Perque domos Ditis vacuas, et inania regna. Ye subterraneous gods! who awful way The gliding ghosts, and silent hades obey; 0 Chaos hoar! and Phlegethon profound! wyhoe filemn emzpireftretches wide around; Give me, ye gp eat tremendou powers) to tell Offcenes and wonders in the depth ofhell; Give meyour mighty secrets to diiplay From thofi black reamns of darkness to the day. PITT. Obscure they went through dreaty fnades that led Along the waste dominions of the dead. DRRYDEN'. SECT. VII VASTNESS . REATNESS of dimension, is a power Gi full cause of the sublime . This is too evident, and the observation too common, to need * Part 4. Sdo. 9. any illustration; it is riot so common, to confider in what ways greatness of dinenfion, vafl nefs of extent, or quantity, has the most ffri! ing eff'. For certainly, there are ways, and modes, wherein the same quantity of extension shall produce greater effets than it is found to do in others. Extension is either in length, height, or depth. Of these the length frikes least; an hundred yards of even ground will never work such an es set as a tower an hundred yards high, or a rock or mountain of that altitude. I am apt to imagine likewise, that height is less grand than depth; and that we are more struck at looking down from a precipice, that at looking up at an objet of equal height, but of that I am not very positive. A perpendicular has more force in forming the sublime , than an inclined plane; and the effecrs of a rugged and brokeni surface seem fironger than where it is fnooth and polished. It would carry us out of our way to enter, in this place, into the cause of there appearances; but certain it is they afford a large and fruitful field of speculation. However, it may not be amiss to add to there remarks upon magnitud, that, as the great extreme of dimenfi n is sublime , so the lat extreme of littleness is in rome meafure'fublime likewise; when we attend to the infinite divisibility of matter, when we ptr sue animal life.into these excessively small, and yet organised beings, that escape the niceit inquisition of the sense, when we pufi our discoveries yet downward, and confider those creatures so many degrees yet fmnaller, and the sill diminishing scale of exirence, in tracing which the ima; gination is lost as vell as the lense, we become amazed and confou.lded at the wonders .of minuteness; nor can we diitinguiih in i: s es sect this extreme of littlenefs.froim the vait itself. ..For division must be infinite as, well as addition; because the idea of a perfect unlity can no more be arrived at, .than that of a complete whole to which nothing. ay be. added. , S E C T. VIII INFINITY. AN. OTHER source of the fiblime, is ifinf, sly; if it .does not rather belong to the lat. Infinity has a tendency to fill the miid .Wvith that sort of delightful horror , which is the mopftgenuine effect, and the truest test of the sublime . Tere are carce any things which can become the objects of our senses that are really, : and in their own nature infinite . But the eye not being able to perceive the bounds of many things, they seem to be infinite , and they pro,, the same efoects as if they were really so.. We are deceived in the like manner, if the parts of some large object are so continued to any indefinite number, that the imagination meets no check which may hinder its extending them at pleasure. Whenever we repeat any idea frequently, the 'mind by a sort of mechanism repeats it long after the first cause has ceased to operate.. After whirling about; when.we sit down, the objects about us still seem to whirl. After a long succession of noises, as the fall of waters, or .the beatingiof forge hammers, the hammers beat and Part 4.. 1. 2.