his voice in such a manner, that it is heard diflin&ly amidst all the hotits and confusion of the sight. Jupiter at the same time thunders over their heads; while Neptune raises such a tempest , that the whole field of battle, and all the tops of the mountains shake about them. The poet tells us, that Pluto himself, whole habitation was in the very centre of the earth, was so affrighted at the shock, that he leapt from his throne. Homer afterwards describes Vulcan as pouring down a form of fire upon the river Xanthus, and Minerva as throwing a rock at Mars; who, he tells us, covered seven acres in his fall. As Homer has introduced into his battle of the Gods everything that is great and terrible in nature, Milton has filled his sight of good and bad Angels with all the like circumstances of horror . The shout of armies, the rattling of brazen chariots, the hurling of rocks and mountains , the earthquake, the fire, the thunder , are all of them employed to lift up the reader's imagination , and give him a suitable idea of so great an ation. With what art has the poet represented the whole body of the earth trembling, even before it was created! All Heaven resounded, and had Earth been then, All Earth had to her centre Ihook. In how sublime and just a manner does he afterwards describe the whole Heaven, Ihaking under the wheels of the Messiah's chariot, with that exception to the throne of God! - Under his burning wheels The fedfaft empyrean shook throughout, All but the throne itself of God. Notwithlianding the Messiah appears clothed with so much terror and majelty, the poet has still found means to make his readers conceive an idea of him, beyond what lie himself was able to describe. His thunder in mid voly; for he meant Not to destroy, but root them out of Heaven: 855 The overthrown he raised, and as a herd Of Yet half his strength he put not all his ewrath. And it greatly ex forth, but checked ceeds Hesiod, who makes Jupiter His thunder in mid voly; for he upon a like oceafion exert all his meant strength. Hes. Theog. 687. Not to defiroy, but root them out of Heaven. ouj' ap' 7r Z vs g vovy .v/e aahd vu 7rtao In a word, Milton's genius , which ef.ip Zeev p/.~s 'snvpo pcrpsf. was so great in itself, and so oit J TS 'ouav ftrengthen'd by all the helps of 'airsv : iv. learning, appears in this book every way equal to his subjea, 856. -- andas a erd which was the most sublime that Ofgoats cit may seem irange could enter into the thoughts of a that our author amidst so many poet. As he knew all the arts of sublime images should intermix so affecing the mind, he knew it low a comparison as this. But it was necessary to give it certain is the practice of Homer; and we resting places, and opportunities have some remarkable instances in of recovering itself from time to the second book of the Iliad, where time: he has therefore with great in a pompous description of the addrefsinterfperfedfeveralfpeeches, Grecians going forth to battle, reflections, similitudes, and the like and amidst the glare of several reliefs to diversify his narration, noble similitudes, they are com and ease the attention of the reader, pared for their number to lies ahucit that he might come fresh to his a Ihepherd's cottage, uwhen the milk great ation, and by such a contrast moijiens the pails; and after he has of ideas have a more lively taste of compared Agamemnon to Jove, and the nobler parts of his description. Mars, and Neptune, he compares Addison. him again to a ull/. But we may Yet half hirflrength heput notforth, observe to the advantage of our c. This fine thought is somewhat author, that this low simile is not like that of the Psalmist, LXXVIII applied, as Homer's are, to the 38. But he being full of eompaffon, persons he miiant to honour, but to forgacve their iniquity, and destroyed the contrary party; and the lower Ihemi not; yea, many a time turned he the comparilon, the more it ex his amger auay, and did not lir up prestes their defeat, And there is the PARADISE lost. bdokvi Of goats or timorous flock together thronged Drove them before him thunder ftrdck, pursued With terrors and with furies to the bounds And crystal wall of Heaven, which opening wide, Rolled inward, and a spacious gap disclose Into the wasteful deep; the monitrous sight 86i Struck them with horror backward, but far worse Urged them behind; headlong themselves they threw -' Down the greater propriety in the similitude of goats particularly, because our Saviour represents the wicked under the same image, as the good are called thejehp. Mat. XXV 33. And he fialllet the Jieep on his right hand, but the goats on the left. For which reason Dr. Pearce is of opinion that by a timorousflock are not meant sheep but deer, that epithet being as it were appropriated by the poets to that animal. Virgil has timidi daman twice at least. Or the author (as Dr. Bentley anrid Dr. Heylin imagine ) might have said not or but a tiiioio'ss flck; and as a herd of goats a iimorous flock. But he would hardly have called the same a herd of goats, and then asord immediately afterwards, and neither would he have used the expression of timorous flock for a liherd of deer in contradiflinaion to a herd of goats, though' it is a proper plrafe for Sheep, which seem plain iy to be meant by it. And it is probable t)iat in the highth and fly of his description he did not attend to the minuteness of that figurative diftinaion between goats and heep, however beautiful it may be in its proper place: or if he