inquiries he thought of inolt importance: he had withdrawn himfelt from the trifling bustle of the little world, to converse with his own heart, and end a tformy life in obscure quiet. One day, after dinner, we walked out to indulge on our favourite topic. Our excursion terminated at a rock, whose bare is walled by the wefrern ocean. It was one of those fine days in Auguof, when the cool of the evening brought on a refreshing fweetncfs. We sat down to 5~~~~~~~~~3 reft 875 rest and enjoy the profpet of the sea, that stretched before us beyond the limits of the eye. The fun was just setting, and his last softened beams flying to the shore, seemed to dip in a thousand waves, and leave in the waters the blaze they lost. Being seated, our conversation turned on the sublime . It is easy, says this thoughtful philosopher, to describe the impressions the sublime make on the mind, and this is all the writers on this fubjeac have hitherto done but is it impossible, firom a due attention to the symptoms, to unravel its meaning,. and discover the pring of the silent astonishment it impresses on the spirit of man? In order to proceed to the discovery we desire to make, let us turn our views to objects remarkably sublime , and from them obtain what intelligence we can. Observe this mountain that rites so high on the left, if we had been further removed from it, you might see behind it other mountains rising in strange confusion, the furthest off almost lost in the distance, yet great in the obscurity ; your imagination labours to travel over them, and the inhabitants seem to reside in a superior world. But here you have a different profpet, the next mountain covers all the rest from your view; and by its nearer approach, presents diftinaly to your eye objets of new admiration. 876 t; on. The rocks on this fide meet the clouds in vast irregularity; the pensive eye traces the rugged precipice down to the bottom, and surveys there the mighty ruins that time has mouldered and tumbled below. It is easy, in this instance, to discover that we are terrified and silenced into awe , at the marks we see of immense power; and the more manifest are the appearances of disorder, and the neglect of contrivance, the more plainly we feel the boundless might these rude monuments are owing to. The same sensation arises when we behold an ocean disturbed and agitated in storms; or a forest roaring, and bending under the tempest . We are struck by it with more calmness, but equal grandeur, in the starry heavens: the silence, the unmeasured distance, and the unknown power united in that profpec, render it very awful in the deepest serenity. Thunder , with broken burfis of lightning through black clouds; the view of a catarat, whole billows fling themselves down with eternal rage; or the unceasing sound of the falling waters of night; all these produce the effect of the sublime , and are associated with the sensation of immense power. This religious passion has none of the tumult of other passions, its object is incomprehensible, it is unknown; therefore the passion ; s 877 is in itself obscure , and wants a name. Curiofitv and hope carry with them the plainest symptoms of a passion that wanders and is astray from its object. In their anxious search, they unite themselves with every great prospect of life, whose completion lies in the dark: but when we arrive at the point we proposed, we are fully sensible that curiosity and hope have been deceived, the enjoyment of our power, whatever it be, falls infinitely below our expectations, yet the alacrity of the mind feels no decay by disappointment; we set out immediately with renewed vigour in pursuit of something further, and nothing but death puts an end to these ascive energies of the soul. Such passions as these are scared away by the majesty of darkness and of silence, by the disorder and confusion of seas in storms, or when lofty woods struggle with high winds, and we are firuck with humiliating awe and suspense. We secretly cry, What is man that thou art mindful of him, and the " son of man that thou lhouldeft regard him." I appeal to the feelings of every person, if his passion, under there circumstances, be not exactly applicable to this state of the mind, when confidence almost vanishes, and despair succeeds. All mankind agree, that darkness, solitude, and silence, naturally opprefi the mind by a tre VOL. IV 5 U mrendous 878 mendons and sublime sensation. It is further evident, that they produce not (continues Dr. USHBR) this ejfes BY ANY ACTIVE POWER OF THEIR's, but merely by Jgripping the imagination of its Jfefible ideas, of the noifr, the mirth, ard light, that diverted its attention, leaving it to its naked state and feeling. in short it appears, from a great variety of observations and reflected lights, that the human soul is always opprjejd by obscurity and stillness, which prevents the mind from being employed on exterior objects. To avoid this sensation it is that we seek anufement and company, and that any diversion, however insipid and trifling in itself, becomes to us a pleasing relief, merely by taking up our attention. Reason may smile at the puerility of our amusements. The votaries to the pomps and vanities of the world acknowledge they will not bear examination: yet the wife and the vain find solitude alike insupportable, and alike desire the company and the pageantry they despise. Men easily bear imprisonment, poverty, sickness, and even great degrees of pain; but the obscure despair, whose cbjee is not known, is blacker than the grave, and more terrible than death, and to plunge from it men commit suicide. Every calamity of this life is supportable, and we susser them by choice rather than death, until they bring 879 bring us