bellowing of this wounded Deity. The Reader will easily observe how miilton has kept all the horror of this image without running into the ridicule of it. - - - Where the might of Gabriel fought, 355s An' with fierre Fnfigns pierced the deep array of mo!ooc furious King, who him defied, And at his chariot abwee to drag him bound Threatened, threatened, nor from the Holy One of Heaven Refrained his tongue blasphemous; but anon Down cloven to the tiafle, with fjatttr'd Arms And uncouth pain fled bellowing. - -. M ILTON has likewise raised his description in this Book with many images taken out of the poetical parts of Scripture. The Messiah's Chariot, as I have before taken notice, is formed upon a Vision of Ezekiel, who, as Grotius observes, has very much in him of Homer's spirit in the poetical parts of his Prophecy. T HE following lines in that glorious commission which is given the Messiah to extirpate the Host of Rebel Angels, is drawn from a sublime passage in the Psalms. 45. 3. Go then thou mightiest in thy Father's might Io. Ascend my Chariot, guide the rapid wheels That flake Heavens balis, bring forth all my War, My Bow, my Thunder , my almighty Arms, Gird on thy Sword on thy puissant thigh. T H E Reader will easily discover many other firokes of the same nature. T H E R E is no question but Milton had heated his imagination with the sight of the Gods in Homer, before he entered upon this engagement of the Angels. Homer there gives us a scene of Men, Heroes, & Gods mixed together in battle. Mars animates the contending Armies, & lifts up his voice in such a manner, that it is heard dilinfly amidst all the shouts & confusion of the sight. Yupiter at the same time thunders over their heads; while Neptnne raises such a tempest , that the whole field of battle, and all the tops of the mountains , shake about them. The Poet tells us, that Pluto himself, whose habitation was in the very centre of the Earth, was so affiighted at the hbock, that he leapt from his Throne. Homer afterwards escribes Vulcan as pouring down a storm of fire, apon rs. de the River Xanthits, and Minerva as throwing a rofc at Mars; who, he tells us, covered seven acres in his fall. A S Homer has introduced into his Battle of the Gods everything that is great and terrible in Nature, Milton has filled his Sight of good and bad Angels with all the like drcumftances of horror . The Shout of Armies, the rattling of brazen chariots, the hurling of rocks 8 mountains , the earthquake, the fire, the thunder , are all of them employed to lift up the Readers imagination , and give him a suitable idea of so great an aion. With what art has the Poet represented the whole body of the Earth trembling, even before it was created. Ad! Heaven, rfo!inded, and bad Earth been then, zits Alt Earth ha to its centre shook - - - how sublime and just a manner does he after: wards describe the whole Heaven (baking under the > heels of the Meffah's Chariot, with that exception; o the Throne of God? - - - rnder his lurning wheels fit; The fleadfaft Empyrean ]book throughout, All but the Throne itself of God - N OTWI T H ST A N D ING the Mefah appeart. c!oathed with so much terror and Majesty, the Poet lias fill found means to make his Readers conceive an idea of him beyond what he himself was able to deicribe. let half his flrngth be put not forth, but chsckt 5; .His thunder in mnid olly, for he meant Not to defiroy, but root them out of eav''n. 1 N a word, Milton's genius , which was so great id itself, & so frengthened by all the helps of learning, appears in this hook every way equal to his subjet, which was the moll fubliarc hat could enter into the 'toughts thoughts of a Poet. As he knew all the arts of assec ting the mind, he knew it was necessary to give it certain refling places and opportunities of recovering ft self from time to time: he has therefore with great address interspersed several speeches, reflections, limi litudes, & the like reliefs, to diverfifie his narration, and ease the attention of the Reader, that he might come fresh to his great afion; and by such a contrast of ideas, have a more lively taste of the nobler parts of his Description. SPECTATOR, NO 339. - - - Ut his rxordia primis Omnia, ec ipse tener mundi concreverit orbis, Turn durare solum e difcludere Nerea ponto c.eprit, C rerum paullatim fumere formas. Virg. L ONGINUS has observed, that there may be a - loftiness in sentiments, where there is no passion, and brings instances out of ancient Authors to support this his opinion. The Pathetic, as that greatcritick observes, may animate and inflame the Sublime , but is not essential to it. Accordingly, as he further remarks, we very often find that those who excel most in stirring up the passions, very often want the talent of writing in the great and sublime manner; and so on the contrary. Mliyton has Shown himself a Mailer in both these ways of writing. The seventh Book, which we are now entering upon, is an instance of that Sublime which is not mixed &8 worked up with passion. The Author appears in a kind of composed & sedate majesty; and though' the sentiments do not give so great an emotion as those in the former Book, they abound with as magnificent ideas. The sixth Book, like a troubled ocean, represents greatness in confer sion the seventh affcas the imagination like the ocean f3 ia in a calm, & fills the mind of the Reader, withoa producing in it anything like tumult or agitation.