take the liberty of forming systems merely for the sake of illustration, and to resolve difficulties, without thinking themselves obliged to give a demonstration of the truth of their system. If it tends to make that conceivable which was before inconceivable; the inventors suppose that they have done some service to science. The system I an going to lay before if 5 you, is that of a friend of mine, who -.. was a true lover of knowledge. He found - little fatisfacion in the philosophy of colleges and schools, particularly in those inquiries he thought of most importance: he had withdrawn himself from the tri sing butle of the little world, to converse with with his own heart, and end a stormy life in obscure quiet. One day after dinner, we walked out to indulge on our favourite topics. Our excursion terminated at a rock, whose base is washed by theweftern Ocean. It was one of those fine days in August, when the cool of the evening brought on a refreshing sweetness. We sat down to rest, and enjoy the profpea of the sea, that stretched before us beyond the limits of the eye. The full was just setting, and his last softened beams flying to the shore, seemed to dip in a thousand waves, and leave in the waters the blaze they lost. We had been reading Homer on our way to the seaside. When we sat down, our conversation turned on the strange poweroi the sublime . It is easy, says the thoughtful philosopher, to describe the impressions the sublime makes on the mind, and this is all the writers on this subject have hitherto hitherto done with any success; but is it impossible, from a due attention to the symptoms, to unravel its meaning, and discover the spring of the silent and inquisitive aitonifhment it impresses on the spirit of man? I am sensible ajuft explication of the sublime must account for all its effees, as well for the noble elevation and the charming; rapture, as for the terror it bestows. If I can produce a cause that accounts sufficiently for all the symptoms, and no other can be given, then mine ought by all rules of good reasoning to be admitted for the true one, however novel it appears. In order to proceed to the discovery we desire to make, let us turn our views to objeets remarkably sublime , and from them obtain what intelligence we can. Observe this mountain that rites so high on the left, if we had been farther removed from it, you might see behind it other other mountains rising in firange confusion, the farthest off almost lost in the distance, yet great in the obscurity , your imagination labours to travel over them, and the inhabitants seem to reside in a superior world. But here you have a different profpet, the next mountain covers all the rest from your view, and by its nearer approach, presents distinctly to your eye objeas of new admiration. The rocks on its fides 'meet the clouds in vast irregularity; the .pensive eye traces the rugged precipice down to the bottom, and surveys there .the mighty ruins that time has mouldered and tumbled below. It is easy in this instance to discover that we are terrified ' and silenced into awe , at the v.isges we · see of immense power; and the more manifest are the appearances of disorder, and the neglec of contrivance, the more plainly we feel the boundless might there rude monuments are owing to. But besides fidel this silent fear, we feel our curiosity roused from its deepest springs in the soul; and while we tremble, we are seized with an exquisite delight, that attends on sublime objects only. The same mixed sensation weighs upon us, when we see an ocean disturbed and agitated in storms; or a forest roaring, and bending under the force of the tempest . We are struck by it with more calmness, but equal grandeur, in the farry heavens: the silence, the unmeasured distance, and the unknown - power united in that profpea, render it very awful in the deepest serenity. Thunder , with broken burits of lightning through black clouds; the view of a catarat, whose billows fling themselves down with eternal rage; or the uneafing sound of the falling waters by night; the howling of animals in the dark: all these produce the sublime , by the association of the idea of invisible immense power. The The soul of man naturally pays homage to unseen power. He feels obscure hopes, and obscure fears, which become a religious passion, and diftinguifl him more than any other difference between him and the other inhabitants of the earth. The religious parlion, attended with less tumult, but more constancy than the other passions, calls upon his heart in the majesty of darkness and silence, and is the source of the sublime sensation we are treating of. I see several objecions crowding to your mind against my hypothesis; but hear me out, for I intend to obviate them all. The object of the religious passion is no idea, it is unknown; therefore the passion itself is obscure , and wants a / name; but its effects are very remarkable, for they form the peculiar character of human nature. Curiosity and hope carry, with them the plainest symptoms of a Ut ~, sa a,, / ?'.,. - parson A c3a s3 I i, s .f passion that wanders, and is affray for its object. In their anxious search, they unite themselves with every great prospect in life, whose completion lies in the dark: but when we arrive at the point we proposed, we are fully sensible that curiosity - and hope have been deceived, the enjoy - in our power whatever it be; falls infinitely below our expecations, yet the alacrity of the mind feels no decay by disappointment; we set out immediately with renewed vigour in pursuit of something farther, and nothing but death >