L!,, -: !: contents hrmfefwith refol'ing the sensation of fidei:., : i: y into the ini of these principles, without inveitigat jig the. ohcrs, of.; ici ..' is but a consequence. (O': .i 7s' vx; i.?.: .-.?.:;.. -_; ._; ..; .: S;; zij ii,,; ' : .- r5. ST, , LARGE., -,. ¢ 2 LARGE LARGE objects can scarce indeed produce their full effect, unless they are alfoimple, or made up of parts, in a great measure similar. Innumerable little islands scattered in the ocean, and breaking the prospect, greatly diminish the grandeur of the scene. A variety of clouds, diversifying the face of the heavens, may add to their beauty, but muff detract from their grandeur (g). OBJECTS cannot possess that largeness, which is necessary for inspiring a sensation of the sublime , without simplicity. Where this is wanting, the mind contemplates, not one large, but many small objects (h): it is (g) It is not meant that, in these cafes, the sublimity of the ocean, or of the heavens, is destroyed; it is only asserted that it is diminished. A considerable degree of sublimity will remain, on account of the similarity, that still subsists among the parts. (h) Simplicity is recommended, by an ancient critic, as requisite to sublimity in painting, on the very principle here afigned, which must render its necefity universal, as it extends equally to every other subject. Nsx, 's Y o, yeaeio L tsto v9usv' E'asytp wore T)) ypamtps; tern', QV $ixieov' (t9, b To AXE? Colacc va t1vysv spa ylls, K pi XX a'afgw5ai51 Trr T pcs v E; L y xe,. alhmht. OAA. sa[ ipl. or. It is on the same principle that Longinus accounts for the produaion of the sublime , by expressing in the singular, what is ordinarily exprefed in the plural. To yrap exr E sfp V E's ra' p'v Ivwvraie rey a'baltjr nsy'bxegir·oi:. northeast; 4 vex. rtmi. Xt. pained pained with the labour requisite to creep from one to another; and is disgusted with the imperfection of the idea, with which, even after all this toil, it muff remain contented. But we take in, with ease, one entire conception of a simple object, however large; in consequence of this facility, we naturally account it one: the view of any single part suggests the whole, and enables fancy to extend and enlarge it to infinity, that it may fill the capacity of the mind. MANY things are indeed denominated sub, lime, which, being destitute of extension, seem incapable of amplitude, the first and fundamental requisite of the sublime . But such objects will be found, on examination, to possess qualities, which have the same power to exalt the disposition of the observer. Length of duration; prodigious numbers of things similar united, or so related, as to constitute a whole, partake of the nature of quantity, and, as well as extension, enlarge and elevate the mind, which contemplates them. Eternity is an object, which fills the whole capacity of the soul, nay exceeds its comprehension; and strikes it with astonishment and admiration. We cannot survey a vafd army or or navy, without being fenfble of their grandeur; which arires, not so much from the largeness of the space they occupy, as from the numbers of men or ships, which are in them united under one direction, and cooperate to a common end; the union and similitude of the parts adding fiplicity to the vaflnefs of their number. Hence too is derived the sublime of science, which lies in universal principles and general theorems, from which, as from an inexhaustible source, slow multitudes of corollaries and subordinate truthc. BUT do not we attribute grandeur and sublimity to some things, which are deffitute ofquantity of every kind? What can be more remote from quantity, than the passions and affections of the soul? Yet the mols imperfec and uncultivated taste is sensible of a sublimity in heroism, in magnanimity, in a contempt of honours, of riches, of power, in a noble superiority to things external, in patriotism, in universal benevolence. To account for this,,, we must observe, that, as no passion can subsist without its causes, its objects, and its effecs, so, in forming the idea of any passion, we do not. iatisfy our C selves t selves with conceiving it as a simple emotion in the mind, but we run over, in thought, the objecs about which it is employed, the things by which it is produced, and the es sets by which it discovers itself. And as there always enter into our conception of the passion, and are often connected with quantity, they naturally render the passion sublime . What wonder that we esteem heroism grand, when, in order to imagine it, we suppose a mighty conqueror, in opposition to the most formidable dangers, acquiring power over multitudes of nations, fubjeding to his dominion wide extended countries, and purchasing renown, which reaches to the extremities of the world, and shall continue through all the ages of futurity? What can be more truly great than the object of that benevolence, which, unconfined by the narrow limits of vicinity or relation, comprehends multitudes, grasps whole large societies, and even extends from pole to pole? IT must also be remarked, that whatever excites in the mind a sensation or emotion similar to what is excited by vast objects is on this account denominated sublime ; it being natural to reduce to the same species, to express express by the same name, and even frequently to confound together those objects, which we contetnplate with the same or a like disposition. Hence the raging of the sea ir a storm, and the loud roaring thunder , which inspire an awful sedateness, are termed sublime . Objects exciting terror are, for this reason, in general sublime ; for terror always implies astonishment , occupies the whole soul, and suspends all its motions; IN like manner, we admire as sublime superior excellence of many kinds; such eminence in strength, or power, or genius , as is uncommon, and