waters. Wherever space is concerned, it is clear, that amplitude or greatness of extent, in one dimen esa L E C T. flon or other, is necessary to Grandeur. Remove IJL all bounds from any object, and you presently render it sublime . Hence infinite space, endlef; numbers, and eternal duration, fill the mind with great ideas. ifaoai this some have imagined , that vast rnefs, or amplitude of extent, is the foundation of all Sublimity . But I cannot be of this opinion, because many objects appear sublime which have no relation to space at all. Such for instance, is great loudness of sound. The burit of thunder or of cannon, the roaring of wvilds. the flouting of multitudes, the sound of vs ca.aracs of water, are all inconteftibly grand objects. "1 heard the voice of a great,, r.ultitude, as the sound of many waters, and,, of mighty thunderings , saying Allelujah." In general we may observe, that great power .and force exerted, always raise sublime ideas: and perhaps the mofi copious source of these is derived from this quarter. Ihence the grandeur of earthquakes and burning mountains ; of great conflagrations; of the stormy ocean, and overflowing waters; of tempests of wind; of thunder and lightning; and of all the uncommon vio ience of the elements. Nothing is more sublime than mighty power and strength. A stream that runs within its banks, is a beautiful object; but whel it rushes down with the impetuosity and noise of a torrent, it presently becomes a sublime one. From lions, and other animals of strength, are drawn sublime comparifuns in poets. A racehorse is looked upon with pleasure; but L E C T. it is the warhorse, "whose neck is clotled ill.,, with thunder ," that carries grandeur in its idea. The engagement of two great armies, as it is the highest exertion of human might, combines a variety of sources of the Sublime ; and has accordingly been always considered as one of the moult striking and magnificent spectacles that can be either presented to the eye, or exhibited to the imagination in description. FOR the farther illustration of this fubjelt, it is proper to remark, that all ideas of the solemn and awful kind, and even bordering on the terrible, tend greatly to assist the Sublime ; such as darkness, solitude, and silence. What are the scenes of nature that elevate the mind in the highest degree, and produce the sublime sensation? Not the gay landscape, the flowery field, or the flourifling city; but the hoary mountain , and the solitary lake; the aged forest, and the torrent falling over the rock. Hence too, night feenes are commonly the most sub. lime. The firmament when filled with stars, scattered in such valt numbers, and with such magnificent profusion, strikes the imagination with a more awful grandeur, than when we view it enlightened by all the splendour of the Sun. The deep sound of a great bell, or the striking of a great clock, are at any time grand; but, when heard amid the silence and stillness of the night, they become doubly so. Darkness is very commonly applied for adding Su e4 LE T. blimity to all our ideas of the Deity. " He 11i.,, maketh darkness his pavilion; he dwelleth in the thick cloud." So Milton -- How oft, amidst Thick clouds and dark, does Heaven's all ruling Sire Choose to reside, his glory unobfcured, And, with the Majesty of darkness round Covers his throne Boor II 26;. Observe, with how much art Virgil has introduced all those ideas of silence, vacuity, and darkness,, he is going to introduce his Hero to the infernal regions, and to disclose the secrets of the great deep. Dii quibus imperium eft animarum, umbraeque lilentes, Et Chaos, et Phlegethon, loca noce filentia late, Sit miihi fasaudita loqui; sit numine veftro Pandere res alta terra, & caligine merfas. Ibant cbfcuri, fol' sub nocte, per umbrani, Perque domos Ditis vacuos, et inania regna; Quale per incertam lunam, sub luce maligna Eft ircrin fylvis - *. * Ye subterranean Gods, whose awful sway The gliding ghosts and silent shades obey; O Chaos, hear! and Phlegethon profound! : Y hose solemn empire stretches wide around! (; ire me, ye great trcmendous powers! to tell Of scenes and wonders in the depths of Ilell; These palfages I quote at present, not so much L E C T. as instances of Sublime Writing, though in them III selves they truly are so, as to show, by the effect of them, that the objects which they prer sent to us, belong to the class of sublime ones. OBSCURITY , we are farther to remark, is not unfavourable to the Sublime . Though it render the object indistinct, the imprefflon, however; may be great; for, as an ingenious Author has well observed, it is one thing to make an idea clear, and another to make it affecting to the imagination ; and the imagination may be strongly affected; and, in, often is so, by objects of which we have no clear .conception. Thus we see, that almost all the descriptions given us of ihe appearances of supernatural Beings, carry fmie Sublimity , though the conceptions which they afford us be confused and indiftind. Their : ublimity arises from the ideas, which they aways convey, of superior power and might, joned with an awful obscurity . We may see thi fully exemplified in the following noble pafage of the book of Job. " In thoughts from,, the visions of the night, when deep sleep :, falleth upon men, fear came upon me, and Give me your mighty secrets to display, From those black realms of darkness to the day. PITT. Obscure they went; through dreary slades, that led long the waste dominions of the dead .s wander travellers in woods by night, / the moon's doubtful and malignant light. DIRDEN. L E C T.,, trembling which made all my bones to shake. IIL,, Then a spirit passed before my face; the , hair of my