bark, on Cafar's fate depend. Thou ftand'ft amazed to view this dreadful scene, And wonder'ft what the Gods and Fortune mean, But artfully'their bounties thus they raise, And from my danger arrogate new praise: Amidst the fears of death they bid me live, And still enhance what they are sure to give. ROW. L E C T. THE image is spread out, and attempted to IV be beautified; but it is, in truth, weakened. The third line - "The stamp of fate, and fane" " of a God," is merely expletive; and in. troduced for no other reason but to fill up the rhyme; for it interrupts the description, and clogs the image. For the same reason out of mere compliance with the rhyme, Jupiter is represented as shaking his locks before he gives the nod, - " Shakes his ambrosial curls, and gives,, the nod," which is trifling, and without mean. ing. Whereas, in the original, the hair of his head shaken, is the effect of his nod, and.makes a happy picturesque circumstance in the description *. THE boldness, freedom, and variety of our blank verse, is infinitely more favourable than rhyme, to all kinds of Sublime poetry. The fullef proof of this is afforded by Milton; an author, whose genius led him eminently to the Sublime . The whole firat and second books of Paradise Lost, are continued instances of it. Take only, for an example, the following noted description of Satan, after his fall, appearing at the head of the infernal hoits: I- -- above the rest In shape and gesture proudly eminent, Stood like a tower: his form had not yet lost * See Webb on the Beauties of Poetry, All her original brightness, nor appeared L E C T. Lets than archangel ruined ; and the excess IV Of glory obscured : As when the fun, new risen, Looks through the horizontal misty air, Shorn of his beams; or, from behind, the moon, In dim eclipse, difatrous twilight sleds On half the nations, and with fear of change Perplexes monarchs. Darkened so, yet ihone Above them all th' Archangel. - Here concur a variety of sources of the Sublime : The principal object eminently great; a high superior nature, fallen indeed, but erecing itself against distress; the grandeur of the principal object heightened, by associating it with so' noble an idea as that of the fun suffering an eclipse; this picture Ihaded with all those images of change and trouble, of darkness and terror , which coincide so finely with the Sublime emotion; and the whole expressed in a style and versification, easy, natural, and simple, but magnificent. I HAVE spoken of simplicity and conciseness, as essential to Sublime Writing. In my general description of it, I mentioned Strength, as another necessary requisite. The Strength of description arises, in a great measure, from a simple conciseness; but, it supposes also something more; namely, a proper choice of circumstances in the description, so as to exhibit the object in its full and most striking point of view. L - C T. For every object has several faces i so to speak, 1v4 by which it may be presented to us, according to the circumstances with which we surround it; and it will appear eminently Sublime , or not, in proportion as all these circumftarices are happily chofeii, and of a Sublime kind. Here lies the great art of the writer; and indeed, the great difficulty of Sublime description; If the description be too general, and divested of circumstances, the object appears in a faint light; it makes a feeble impression, or no impression at all, on the reader. At the same time, if any trivial or improper circumstances are.'min gled, the whole is degraded. A STORM or tempest , for instance, is a Sublime object in nature. But, to render it Sublime in description, it is not enough, either to give us mere general expressions concerning the violence of the tempest , or to describe its common, vulgar effets, in overthrowing trees and houses. It must be painted with such circumstances as fill the mind with great and awful ideas; This is very happily done by Virgil in the following passage: Ipse Pater, media nimboruni iri nofte, cdrufca Fulmina molitur dextra, quo naxinia moti Terra tremit; fugere ferx; & mortalia corda i ?er gentes humilis flravit pavor: Ille, flagranti Aut Atho, aut Rhodopen, aut aita Ceraunia telo Dejicit*. GEORG. I. * The Father of the Gods his glory Ihrouds EVERY EVERY circumstance in this noble description L E C T. is the producion of an imagination heated and 1v. astonished with the grandeur of the objec. If there be any defec, it is in the words immediately following those I have quoted; c'ingeminant "Auftri, et denfiffimus imber; " where the transition is made too hastily, I am afraid, from the preceding Sublime images, to a thick Ihower, and the blowing of the south wind; and shows how difficult it frequently is, to descend with grace, without seeming to fall. THE high importance of the rule which I have been now giving, concerning the proper choice of circumstances, when description is meant to be Sublime , seems to me not to have been sufficiently attended to. It has, however, such a foundation in nature, as renders the least deflexion from it fatal. When a writer is aiming at the beautiful only, his descriptions may have improprieties in them, and yet be beautiful still. Some trivial, or misjudged circumstances, can be over Involved in tempefrs, and a night of clouds; And from the middle darlnces flahing out, fly fits he deals his fiery bolts about. Earth feels the motions of her angry God, Hier entrails tremble, and her mountains nod, And lying beasts in forests reek abude. ldecp horror seizes every human breait; Their pride is humbled, and their fears confessed; While he, from high his rolling thunders throws, And fires the mountains with repeated blows; The rocks are from their old foundations rent; The winds redouble,