small gratuity (for he exhibited another instance of Welsh disinterested kindness) C and I proceeded to explore the horrors of the Devil's bridge by ourselves, the guide (who is the master of the house) being absent from home. Our first observations were made from the bridge. This consists of a single arch, nine and twenty feet in the span, thrown over [ 7.1 ] the original one (which still remains) in the year 1753.* The chasm that.v awns under these arches is so overhung by wood, that the eve with difficulty catches even a partial View of the gloomy abyss below. This circumstance, however, heightens the impressions of terror , which such a scene is calculated to inspire. Fancy, free, and fond of painting for herself, portrays with her magic pencil to the mind, wonders that exceed reality; horrors which have no " local habitation," and exist only in the vivid and ever shifting pistures of the imagination . In order to obtain a nearer and less interrupted view of this tremendous fissure, and the torrent that rushes through it, we proceeded over the bridge; and turning quickly round to the right hand, descended an abrupt and perilous path that conducted us to the base of the rocks on the eastern side of the arch. Language is but ill calculated to convey an accurate idea of the scene which is here presented to the eye. The awful height of the fissure, * The old arch was built by the Monks of Strata Florida Abbey (a religious house ten miles from hence, the picturesque ruins of which still remain) about the conclusion of the eleventh century. It is called in Welsh pont ar mj.nach, the bridge of the Mynach; and pont ar diawl, the bridge of the Devil; vulgar superstition asserting Satan to be the construdor of it. [ 72 which the bridge bestrides one hundred and twenty feet above the observer, rendered doubly gloomy by its narrowness, and the wood which overhangs it; the stunning noise of the torrent thundering at his feet, and struggling through black, opposing rocks, which its ceaseless impetuosity has worn into shapes strange and grotesque; fill the mind with a mingled but sublime emotion of astonishment , terror , and delight. Having gratified our curiosity here, we clambered up the perpendicular path, and going in a left hand direstion from the bridget about two hundred yards, pursued a winding descent that leads to a rocky projection, which commands a view of the noble catarats to the westward of the arch. Here the Mynach, bursting at once upon the eye in all its terrific majesty, is seen throwing itself down ragged rocks at least two hundred and ten feet, in four separate, tremendous falls. The first is a leap of nearly twenty feet; after which it is received by a fathomless basin, where for a moment it seems to rest its turbid waters, in order to recruit its strength and pour with greater violence down a second fall of sixty feet. Its third attempt decreases again to twenty feet, and here it falls amongst broken rocks, which in vain [ 73 3 present themselves as barriers to its passage. This opposition gives it tenfold rage, and rushing over a projeting ledge with wonderful velocity, it tumbles headlong down a descent of one hundred and ten feet, and then hurries through a stony channel to unite its waters with the Rhiddol, which rushes from the opposite mountains with nearly similar grandeur and impetuosity. We should have protracted our contemplations amid this awful scenery for some time, had not a sudden flash of lightning and a loud clap of thunder , issuing from a black cloud that had imperceptibly gathered round our heads, warned us to seek the friendly shelter of our inn. We accordingly ascended the steep side of the dale, gathering in our way the Rutbus id.eus and Vacciniiwn uligiinosim, and hastened to the haf6d Arms, at which we arrived just time enough to avoid the " mingled storm" that rages without doors, where, even now, in the language of Thomson, "Huge Uproar lords it wide." Your's, c. R. W. , L Mlachynlleth 5 nies Lynlloedd - - to Llnidlos! Ost s ountins rabeidcr L.. o Copper mnle 3 I i Pbmim r, LETTER V TO THE SAME. Devil's bridge, Friday Miorning DEA sin, Nine o'clock. "So full of fearful sounds, of ugly sights, "That as I am a Christian faithful man, "I would not spend another such a night, Though 'twere to buy a world of happy days; " So full of dismal terror was the time." [ 76 3 'I have already observed to you, that as the rooms of the inn had all been engaged before our arrival, C -- and I were obliged to sleep at a house some distance from it, the only private one in this wild and solitary neighbourhood. Flattering ourselves that the tempest would decrease, we passed the time till the clock told ten, very agreeably, at our comfortable quarters, in the company of a gentleman and two ladies, who obligingly invited us to share their sitting room, and join their party. Finding, however, that the storm rather increased than abated, we determined to brave its fun, and seek our lodging. vwe therefore prevailed upon a postillion to accompany us, and the terrified chambermaid who carried linen for our beds; and, thus conducted, commenced our expedition. But never shall I forget the sublimity of the scene which presented itself to us when we reached the Devil's bridge. The winds seemed to blow, with all their rage, from all their qua; - ters. The thunder rattled through the sky in peals, loud, successive, and almost uninterrupted. The cataracts which tumbled beneath us. strengthened by the accumulation of waters produced by a torrent of rain, added to the din by their ceaseless, aggravated roar; whilst the [ 77 lightning bursting occasionally from the pitchy mantle which curtained the whole hemisphere, at one nioment displayed all