tle far horizon wide diffused, A boundaef. deep imrnenfity of ihade. He He adds. in the same characeriftic tone of un affected grandeur; whereby: the way; the additional circumstance of shade, wonderfully deepens the folmnity of the scene Here lofty trees, to ancient long unknown, The noble sons of potent heat and floods prone rufhihg from the clouds, rear high to Heavea Their thorny femrs, and' broad around themi throw Meridian gloom. What a moving and awful piture does he give us of the.pejlilence, that dreadful visitation of the Almighty, as it rages in full horror among the noxious climates of the east? In the lines that conclude the passage,. we have an image of despair, singularly beautiful, picturesque and new. Thus over the profirate city black Despair Extends her raven wing; while, to complete The fcence of desolation, stretched around, The grim guards stand, denying all retreat, And give the flying wretch a better death. Nothing can possibly be more affecing, even in idea, than the ocean in one of those tremendous blafis which happen so frequently between the tropics. Here inevitable deftrution impending from the heavens above, and yawning from the depths beneath, increasing darkness, conflicting elements, and mutual confiernation and terror , terror , combine to fill imagination with fear, iid overwhelm the heart with sorrow; - A faint deceitful calm, A fluttering gale, the demon sends before, To tempt the spreading sail. Then down at once; Precipitant, descends a mingled mass Of roaring winds, and flame, and rushing floods, In wild amazement sixed the sailor lands. Art is too flow: By rapid fate oppressed, His broad winged vessel drinks the whelming tide, Hid in the bosom of the black abyls. Some of the circumstances that announce the awful approach of thunder , are narrated in terms that exhibit the object in all its natural importance and sublimity . Such as A boding silence reigns, Dread through' the dun expanse; save the dullfound That from the mountain , previous to the form, Rolls over the muttering earth, disturbs the flood, And shakes the foret leaf without a breath. And where the birds and herds are alarmed with the signs of the coming tempest , surely the canvas never exhibited anything more real and affecting Prone, to the lowest vale, the aerial tribes Descend: the enmpt louing raen force Darn wing the dibs sls,. In ryfi g, as The The cattle Rand, and on the scowling heavens Caf a deploring eye. His decription of thunder and lightning, is not only just and picurefque, but enriched with Itrokes of the deepest fublimitv. The progress of that wonderful phenomenon is finely traced, and the natural grandeur that accompanies all its stages supported throughout. At first, herdfoeinn over, the vergr f heatw, The tempest growls; but as it nearer comies And rolls its awful burden on the wind, The lightnihgs flash a larger curve, and m~re The noise astounds: till over head a iheet Of livid flame difcoess wide; then shuts, And opens wider; shuts and opens fill expanf/w wrapping aether in a blaze. Follows the loosened aggravated roar, Enlarging, deepening, mingling; peal onpeal Crushed horrible, convuling heaven and earth! In the following scene, relenting nature may well be figured, weeping over the direful catastrophe, occasioned by the furious dements among the most harmless of her offspring aad those of her walks, that are leart accustomed to violence and outrage. He introduces it with one of the fairet fpe&facles o nature, perhaps that the eye of man can behold 1 Wide wide rent, the clouds Pour a whole flood; and yet, its flame unquench'di Th' unconquerable light'ningfrugglrs through, Ragged and firce, or in red whirling balls, Andfires the mountains with redoubled rage. Black from thefiro/, above, the fmould'ring pind Stands afadjhatter'dtrunk; and, stretched belowi A lifeless group the blaftedcattle lie: Here the soft flocks, with that same harmless look They wore alive, and ru.airaingatill Infany's eye; and there the frowning bull, And ox half raised. He has even made the approach of the autumnal fogs a subjec of fublinme description, by interweaving in his account of it the receding of a mort majestic obje from human view. Amoun tain is always great, but eminently sublime when thus surrounded with clouds No more the mountain , srrid, vast , sublime , Who pours a sweep of rivers from his fides, And high between contending kingdomis reats The rocky long division, fills the view ijrlth great variety; but in a night Of gathering vapour, from the baffled sense Sinks dark and dreasy. His description of the moon, may perhaps be. thought a little too severely wrought. For grandeur suffers essentially from the least want of of simplicity. The truth is, Thomson generally explains at the same time that he describes. This unavoidably wears an air of obscurity , to such readers at least, as are not previously acquainted with the subject. Fortunately, the exceptionable lines may here be omitted, without injuring the rest, which apart from there, cannot but leave some pleasing impressions of sublimity on every susceptible heart. meanwhile the mood Full orbed and Creating through' thefatter'd zloulds, Shows her broad visage in the crimfon'd east. Now through' the pasing cloud she seems to/loop, Now up the pure cerulean ridesfublime! Wide the pale deluge floods, and fiteaming mild Over the fky'd mountain to the shadowy vale, While rocks and flood reflect the quivering gleam, The whole air whitens with a boundless tide Of silver radiance, trembling round the world, It is the diftinguilhing province of all true poetry, to people the regions of imagination with such beings as are best adapted to the situation. This may be called the truth of ficion, and is jut as essential to description as the flri&cer cha ra&eriftical propriety, to dramatic composition. Everything the muse addresses, has a genius suited to its nature, with whom, she eftabliihes an immediate correspondence. Thus, the capital harbin S ger gers of a winter tempest , are pointed out in all their specific colouring and qualities. The whole passage is replete