of the greatness of the thought conveyed in these words; which represent the earth and heaven asseted with horror at the sin then committed, and nature, or the universe, uttering tering in low thunder a groan of anguish? Had the poet simply said, that there was an earthquake, that the sky grew dark, and that some drops of rain fell, the account would no doubt have been sublime , as he would have given it. But is it not much more so, when we are informed, that this convulsion of nature was the effect. of a sort of sensation diffused at that instant through the whole inanimate world? How dreadful must be the enormity of that guilt, which could produce an event so great, and withal so preternatural! Here are two sources of the sublime : the prodigy strikes with horror ; the vaftneis of the idea overwhelms with aitonifhment. In this place an unskilful poet would probably have brought on such a storm of thunder and lightning, and so violent an earth -- quake, as mutt have overturned the mountains , and set the woods on fire. But Milton, with better judgement, makes the alarm of that deep and awful kind, which cannot express itself in any other way, than by an inward and universal trembling: a sensation more affecing to tle fancy, than those passions are, which vent themselves in outrageous behaviour; even as that sorrow is the most' pathetic, which deprives one of the power of lamentation, and discovers itfeif only by fainting and groans. Betides, if this convulsion of the universe had been more violent, the unhappy offenders: must have been confounded and terrified; which would not have suited the poet's purpose. For be tells us, and indeed the circum -- stances that follow in the narrative (which, by the by, are exquisitely contrived) do all filppofe, that our firlf parents were so intent on gratifying their impious appetite, that they took no notice of the prodigies, which accompanied the tranfgrelfion. Writers of weak judgement, when they attempt the sublime , are apt to exaggerate description, till they make it ridiculous. And to Milton's prudent reserve on this occasion I cannot quote a better contrast, than that passage in Ovid, where the Earth, as a perfop, lifts up her head, and, holding her hand before her face, complains 8 toto Jupiter, in a voice almost inarticulate with thirst, of the torments she was suffering from the conflagration brought upon her by the rafllnefs of Phaeton; and, at the end of her speech, half fuffo cated with fire and smoke, draws back her head into the centre of her body. This is mere burlesque. Our fancy cannot be reconciled to so extravagant a fiction, nor conceive the earth to be an animal of so hideous and so ridiculous a form. But no art is necessary to reconcile us to the idea of the earth trembling with preternatural horror at such a lamentable catastrophe as the fall of Adam and Eve; the first crime by which the sublunary creation was polluted; and a crime, that Brought death into the world, and all our woe. In the poetical parts of Scripture, animation and sentiment are often, with the happiest effect, applied to things inanimate. " Let -" the floods clap their hands, and let the hills rejoice together " before the Lord; for he cometh to judge the earth. Canst " thou send lightnings, that they may go, and say unto thee, " Here we are? god fendeth forth light, and it goeth; he ' calleth it again, and it obeyeth with fear." thefe and the like figures convey a lively and lofty idea of Divine Power, to which the inanimate parts of nature are as obsequious, as if they had intelligence and activity. A common sentiment may be made sublime , when it is illustrated by an allusion to a grand object. " There is not, says Addison, a " fight in nature so mortifying, as that of a diftraaed person, ' when his imagination is troubled, and his whole soul disordered ' and confused." This is true; but there is nothing very striking in it. But when the author adds, " Babylon in ruins is not so "melancholy a fpeeacle," he gives great dignity to the thought, by sitting before us one of the mofp hideous pictures of desolation that ever was seen by mortal eyes; and at the same time declaring, vrwat is no more than the truth, that even this is not so mournful 9 a sight a sight as tie other. - " The evils of life seem more terrible when ·' anticipated than they are found to be in reality," is no uncommon observation: but the same elegant author improves it into a sublime allegory, when he says, " The evils of this life appear, like " rocks and precipices, rugged and barren at a distance; but, at " our nearer approach, we find little fruitful spots and refreshing ·, springs mixed with the harflnefs and deformities of nature." This happy illustration pleases, not only by giving perspicuity to the thought, but also by suggesting the magnificent idea of a ridge of rocky precipices, as they appear at a distance to the traveller, and as he finds them to be on coming up to them. And it pleases yet further, when we compare the objet alluded to with the idea signified, and find so perfect a coincidence. Things, as well as sentiments, may be made sublime by the same artifice. Bees are animals of wonderful sagacity, but of too diminutive a form to captivate our imagination . But Virgil describes their economy with so many fine allusions to the more elevated parts of nature, as raise our astonishment , both at the skill of the poet, and at the genius of his favourite infeet; whose little size becomes matter of admiration, when we confider those noble in stints wherewith the Creatour has endowed it. It may seem strange, and yet it