which he applies them in Comus: the scenery whereof charms us the more, because it assets our minds, as it did the bewildered lady, and causes " a thousand fantasies- -- throng into the memory, Of calling shapes, and beckoning shadows dire, And aery tongues, that syllable mens names On sands, and flhores, and defert.wilderneffes. Forests in every age must have had attractive horrors : otherwise so many nations would not have resorted thither, to celebrate the rites of superstition. And the inventors of what is called the Gothic, but perhaps should rather be called the Saracen, architecure, must have been enraptured with the same imagery, when, in forming and arranging the pillars and ails of their churches, they were so careful to imitate the rows of lofty trees in a deep grove. Observe a few children assembled about a fire, and listening to tales of apparitions and witchcraft. You may see them grow pale, and crowd closer and closer through fear: while he who is snug in the chimney corner, and at the greatest distance from the door, con iiders himself as peculiarly fortunate; because he thinks that, if the ghost flould enter, he has a better chance to escape, than if he were in a lmore exposed situation. And yet, notwithitanding their present, and their apprehension of future, fears, you could not perhaps propose any amusement that would at this time be more acceptable. The same love of such horrors as are not attended with sensible inconvenience continues with us through life: and and Aristotle has affirmed, that the end of tragedy is to purify the soul by the operations of pity and terror . The mind and body of man are so constituted, that, without action, neither can the one be healthy, nor the other happy. And as bodily exercises, though attended with fatigue, as Dancing, or with some degree of danger, as Hunting, are not on that account the less agreeable; so those things give delight, which rouse the soul, even when they bring along with them horror , anxiety, or sorrow, provided these paffons be transient, and their causes rather imaginary than real. The most perse models of sublimity are seen in the works of nature. Pyramids, palaces, fireworks, temples, artificial lakes and canals, ships of war, fortifications, hills levelled and caves hollowed by human indutfry, are mighty efforts, no doubt, and awaken in every beholder a pleasing admiration; but appear as nothing, when we compare them, in refpea of magnificence, with mountains , volcanoes, rivers, cataraets, oceans, the expanse of heaven, clouds and itorms, thunder and lightning, the fun, moon, and stars. So that, without the tfudy of nature, a true taste in the sublime is absolutely unattainable. And we need not wonder at what is related of Thomson, the author of the Seasons; who, on hearing that a certain learned gentleman of London was writing an Epic poem, exclaimed, " He write an Epic poem! it is impossible : he never C saw a mountain in his life." This at least is certain, that if we were to strike out of Homer, Virgil, and Milton, those descriptions and sentiments that allude to the grand phenomena of nature, we should deprive these poets of the belt part of their sublimity . And yet, the true sublime may be attained by human art. Music is sublime , when it inspires devotion, courage, or other elevated affections: or when by its mellow and sonorous harmonies it overwhelms the mind with sweet astonishment : or when it infuses that pleasing horror abovementioned; which, when joined 4 K to to words descriptive of terrible ideas, it Sometimes does very effectually. Architecure is sublime , when it is large and durable, and withal so simple and well proportioned as that the eye can take in all its greatness at once. For when an edifice is loaded with ornaments, our attention to them prevents our attending to the whole; and the mind, though it may be amused with the beauty or the variety of the little parts, is not struck with that sudden aftonifiment, which accompanies the contemplation of sublimity . Hence the Gothic style of building, where it abounds in minute decorations, and where greater pains are employed on the parts, than in adjuiting the general harmony of the fabric, is less sublime than the Grecian, in which proportion, simplicity, and usefulness, are more studied than ornament. It is true, that Gothic buildings may be very sublime : witness the old cathedral churches. But this is owing, rather to their vait magnitude, to the stamp of antiquity that is impressed on them, and to their having been so long appropriated to religious service, than to those peculiarities that distinguish their architecture from the Grecian. The Chinese mode of building has no pretentions to sublimity ; its decorations being still more trivial than the Gothic; and because it derives no dignity from aifociated ideas, and has no vastness of magnitude to raise admiration. Yet is it not without its charms. There is an air of neatness in it, and of novelty, which to many is pleating, and which of late it has been much the fashion to imitate.. Painting is sublime , when it displays men invefcted with great qualities, as bodily strength, or actuated by sublime pafions, as courage, devotion, benevolence. That picure by Guido Rheni, which represents Michael triumphing over the evil spirit, I have always admired for its sublimity , though some critics are not pleased with it. The attitude of the angel, who holds a sword in 9q his his right hand in a threatening posture, conveys to me the idea of dignity and grace, as well as of irresistible strength. Nor is the majestic beauty of his person less admirable: and his countenance, though in a slight degree expressive of contempt or indignation, retains that sweet composure, which we think essential to the angelic character. His limbs and wings are, it is true, contrasted: but the contrast is so far from being finical, that, if we confider the