that awful consideration, our own immortality; and is conneeted with an idea rtill more sublime , and indeed the most ilblime of all, namely, with the idea of tii\m, who fills immensity with his presence; creates, preserves, and governs all things; and is from everlafring to everlasting. In general, whatever awakens in us this pleasurable aftoniflment is accounted sublime , whether it be connected with quantity and number, or not. The harmony of a loud and full organ conveys, no doubt, an idea of expansion and of power; but, independently on this, it overpowers with so sweet a violence, as charms and astonishes at the same time: and we are generally conscious of an elevation of mind when we hear it, even though the ear be not sensible of -* Spectator, Numb. 412. Gerard on tare. 4 any any melody. Thunder and tempest are still more elevating, when one hears them without fear; because the sound is frill more stupendous; and because they fill the imagination with the magnificent idea of the expanse of heaven and earth, through which they diret their terrible career, and of that Almighty Being, whose will controls all nature. The roar of cannon, in like manner, when considered as harmless, gives a dreadful delight; partly by the overwhelming sensation wherewith it affects the ear, and partly by the ideas of power and danger, triumph and fortitude, which it conveys to the fancy. Those passions of the soul yield a pleasing afloniflment, which discover a high degree of moral excellence, or are in any way con neted with great number, or great quantity. Benevolence and piety are sublime affetions; for the object of the one is the Deity himself, the greatest, and the belt; and that of the other is the whole human race, or the whole system of percipient beings. 'Fortitude and generosity are sublime emotions: because they discover a degree of virtue, which is not everywhere to be met with; and exert themselves in acions, that are at once difficult, and beneficial to mankind *. great intelleetual abilities, as the genius of Homer, or of Newton, we cannot contemplate without wonder and delight, and must therefore refer to that class of things whereof I now fpeak. nay great bodily strength is a sublime objeet; for we are agreeably astonished , when we see it exerted, or hear of its effeets. There is even a sublime beauty, which both astonishes and charms: but this will be found in those persons only, or chiefly, who unite fine features with a majestic form; such as we may suppose an ancient cfatuary would have represented Juno, or Minerva, Achilles, or Apollo. * This idea of Fortitude is admitted by the Stoics, and all the belt Moralifis. That courage (fays Tully) which aims only at fief intereft, and is not regulated by equity and benevolence, is to be called audacity rather than fortitude. 4 2 When When great qualities prevail in any person, they form what is called a sublime character *. Every good mal is a personage of this order: but a character may be sublime , which is not completely good, nay, which is upon the whole very bad. For the test of sublimity is not moral approbation, but that pleasurable astonishment wherewith certain things strike the beholder. Sarpedon, in the Iliad, is a sublime character, and at the same time a good one: to the valour of the hero he joins the benignity of a gracious prince, and the moderation of a wise man. Achilles, though in many respects not virtuous, is yet a most sublime charater. We hate his cruelty, passionate temper, and love of vengeance: but we admire him for his valour, strength, swiftness, generosity, beauty, and intellectual accomplishments, for the warmth of his friendship, and for his filial tenderness -. In a word, notwithitanding his violent nature, there is in his general conduc a mixture of goodness and of greatness, with which we are both pleased and astonished . Julius Cefar was never considered as a man of ftric& virtue. But, in reading his Memoirs, it is impossible not to be struck with the sublimity of his character: that strength of mind, which nothing can bear down; that felf command, which is never discomposed; that intrepidity in danger; that address in negotiation; that coolness and recolletion in the midst of perplexity; and that unwearied activity, which crowds together in every one of his campaigns as many great aaions as would make a hero. Nay even in Satan, as Milton has represented him in Paradise Lost, though there are no qualities that can be called good in a moral view; nay, though every purpose of that wicked spirit is bent to evil, and to that only; yet there is the grandeur of a ruined archangel: there is force able to contend with the most boisterous elements; and there is boldness, which no power, but what is Almighty, can intimidate. These qualities are aftoniihing: and, though we always detest his malig * Gerard on Taste . t Essay on Poetry and Music. Part i. chap. 4. 9 nity, nity, we are often compelled to admire that very greatness by which we are confounded and terrified. And be not surprised, that we sometimes admire what we cannot approve. These two emotions may, and frequently do, coincide: Sarpedon and Helor, Epaminondas and Aristides, David and Jonathan, we both approve and admire. But they do not necessarily coincide: for goodness calls forth the one, and greatness the other; and that which is great is not always good, and that may be good which is not great. Troy in flames, Palmyra in ruins , the ocean in a storm, and Etna in thunder and conflagration, are magnificent appearances, but do not immediately impress our minds with the idea of good: and a clear fountain is not a grand object, though in many parts of the world it would be valued above all treasures. So in the qualities of the mind and body: we admire the strong,