a degree of wonder and aftonifiment, which it cannot well express. The emotion is certainly delightful; but it is altogether of the serious kind: a degree of awfulness and solemnity, even approaching to severity, commonly attends it when at its height; very distinguishable from the more gay and brisk emotion railed by beautiful objects. THE simplest form of external Grandeur appears in the vast and boundless profpets presented to us by nature; such as wide extended plains, to which the eye can see no limits; the firmament of Heaven; or the boundless expanse of the Ocean. All vafthefs produces the imprefilon of Sublimity . It is to be remarked, however, that space, extended in length, makes not so strong an impreffioh as height or depth. Though a boundless plain be a grand object, yet a high mountain , to which we * See a Philosophical Inquiry into the Origin of our Ideas of the Sublimc and la '; L. Dr. Gcrard on Taste , seaion II Elemcrts of Criticifimi, Chap. IV E 3 look L E C T. look up. or an awful precipice or tower whence we *-_ lock down on the objects which lie below, is still more so. The excessive Grandeur of the firmament ariies from its height, joined to its boundless extent: rad that cf the ocean, not from its extent a'one, 'ou f.cm thi, perpetual motion and irrefifti± bie; o: CC of; nhar mass of waters. Wherever space is concerned, C it is cleanr, that amplitude or great ni's of extent, in one dimenlfion or other, is northeast ceiar, - to G; andeur. Rcnove all bounds from any ob'ct, and you prcfentl render it sublime . Htnce infinite space, endless numbers, and eternal dur.ticn fill hie mind with great ideas. fc,, some have imagined , that vastness , or arp: :; of extent, is the foundation of all s.b in: t. But I cannot be of this opinion, be ca u n r., n objects appear sublime which have no rtl; into fcace at all. Such, for instance, is gr -- : cife of sound. The burst of thunder or cf crn n.. rearing of winds, the fliouting of -; i.u es;. the sound of vast cataracts of water, a e all i ncontetib'i grand objects. " I heard the vokce of a great multitude, as the sound of many '- w; : es, ad of mighty thunderings , saying"' "' ah." In general we may observe, that gr sr ow er and 'orce exerted, always raise sublime ide.. perha s the mos copious source of these i dter: i d frc. tmhi quarter. Hence the grandeur cf ear; .: qua -- es and burning mountains ; of great confagraionsr; of the ftormv ocean, and overflowing flowing waters; of tempests of wind; of thunder L E C T. III and lightning; and of all the uncommon violence of the elements. Nothing is more sublime than mighty power and strength. A stream that runs within its banks, is a beautiful object: but when it rufles down with the impetuosity and noise of a torrent, it presently becomes a sublime one. From lions, and other animals of strength, are drawn sublime comparisons in poets. A racehorse is looked upon with pleasure; but it is the warhorse" " neck is clothed with thunder ," that carries grandeur in its idea. The engagement of two great armies, as it is the highest exertion of human might, combines a variety of sources of the Sublime ; and has accordingly been always considered as one of the most striking and magnificent spectacles that can be either presented to the eye, or exhibited to the imagination in description. FOR the farther illustration of this fubjecr, it is proper to remark, that all ideas of the solemn and awful kind, and even bordering on the terrible, tend greatly to assist the Sublime ; such as darkness, solitude, and silence. What are the scenes of nature that elevate the mind in the highest degree, and produce the sublime sensation? Not the gay landscape, the flowery field, or the flou riffing city; but the hoary mountain , and the solitary lake; the aged forest, and the torrent falling over the rock. Hence too, night fcenes are commonly the most sublime . The firmament when, filled with Itars, scattered in such vast numbers, r 4 and LEC T. and with such magnificent profusion, ftrkes the III imagination w ith a more awful grandeur, than when we view it enlightened with all the splendour of the Sun. The deep sound of a great bell, or the iril. i.ng of a great clock, are at any time grand; but, when heard amid the silence and stillness of the night, they become doubly so. Darkness is very commonly applied for adding sublimity to all cur ideas of the Deity. " He maketh d" .arknefs his pavilion; he dwelleth in the thick " cloud." So Milton: -- - How oft, amirdr Thick clouds and dark, dces Heaven's all ruling Sire Chus: to reide, his glory unobfcur'd, And, with thc Maefity of darkness, round circl s his throne - Book II 2(63. Observe, with how much art Virgil has introduced all those ideas of silence, vacuity, and darkness, when he is going to introduce his Hero to the infernal regions, and to disclose the secrets of the great deep. Dii ouibus imperitmr eft animarum, umbrqune silentes, Et Chncs, ctphlegethon, loca nctac filentia L ite, Si: mihi fs audisa loqui; sit numine vetro Pandere res aira terr;, et caliigine merfas. Ibant obfcuri, foru .ub noae, per umbran, Perque domnos Ditis vacuos, ct inania regna; Qtale rer i: : ccrtam lunar., sub luce maligna Eft i: er in fylvis -- These YE fubtcrbrnean Gods, Pwhofe a'ful sway Thc glidirig ghofis and ifdin; ilades obey; 0 Chaos, These paffges I quote at present, not so much as L E C T. instances of Sublime Writing, though in them - they truly are so, as to show, by the effea of them, that the objects which they present