those who are willing to give a peaceful entrance to truth. The End of the First Part. 95 3 A Philosophical Inquiry INTO THE ORIGIN of our IDEAS OF THE SUBLIME and BEAUTIFUL. PART II SECT. I. Of the passion caused by the SUBLIME . THE passion caused by the great and sublime in nature, when those causes operate most powerfully, is astonishment ; and astonishment is that state of the soul, in which all its motions are suspended, with some degree of horror In this cafe the mind is so entirely filled with Part I. fct. 3, 4, 7. with its object, that it cannot entertain any other, nor by consequence reason on that object which employs it. Hence arises the great power of the sublime , that far from being produced by them, it anticipates our reasonings, and hurries us on by an irrefiltible force. Afronifl ment, as I have said, is the effect of the sublime in its highest degree; the inferior effects are admiration, reverence and respect, SECT. II TERROR . O passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. * For fear being an apprehension of pain or death, it operates in a manner that resembles atual pain. w\ha: ever therefore is terrible, with regard to fight, is sublime too, whether this : I. *. St.,, 4, 5, 6. this cause of terror , be endued with greatness of dimensions or not; for it is im poliible to look on anything as trifling, or contemptible, that may be dangerous. There are many animals, who though far from being large, are yet capable of raiting ideas of the sublime , because they are considered as objects of terror . As serpents and poisonous animals of almost all kinds. And to things of great dimensions, if we annex an adventitious idea of terror , they become without comparison greater. A level plain of a vast extent on land, is certainly no mean idea; the prospect of such a plain may be as extensive as a profpec of the ocean; but can it ever fill the mind with anything so great as the ocean itself? This is owing to several causes, but it is owing to none more than this, that this ocean is an object of no small terror . Indeed terror is in all caies whatsoever, either more openly or latently the ruling principle of the sublime . Several languages bear J a strong a strong testimony to the afiniity of these ides. They frequently ufc the same word, to signify indifferently the modes of aftoniifhnent or admiration and those of terror . Oatgocc is in greek, either fear or wonder ; eivoso is terrible or refpet able; aerw, to reverence or to fear. Ye reor in latin, is what ctases is in greek. The Romans used the verbjfiupeo, a term which strongly marks the state of an acto nifled mind, to express the effet either of simple fear, or of aftoniihment; the word attonitus, (thunderstruck) is equally expressive of the alliance of these ideas; and do not the french etonnemenf, and the english aljtloijz/ment and amazzement, point out as clearly the kindred emotions which attend fear and wonder ? They who have a more general knowledge of languages; could produce, I make no doubt, many aether and equally firiking examples. SOUTHEAST C T. S E C T. III OBSCURITY . T O make anything very terrible; obscurity t seems in general to be necessary. When we know the full extent of any danger, when we can accu itom our eyes to it, a great deal of the apprehension vani/hes. Every one will be sensible of this, who confiders how greatly night adds to our dread, in all cafes of danger, and how much the notions of ghosts and goblins, of which none can form clear ideas, affect minds, which give credit to the popular tales concerning such sorts of beings. Those despotic governments, which are founded on the passions of men, and principally upon the passion of fear, keep their chief as much as may be from the public eye, The policy has been the same in many IH 2 cafcs !Pir4. 4.i 5 cafes of religion. Almotl all the heathen temples were dark. Even in the barbarous temples of the Americans at this day, they keep their idol in a dark part of the hut, which is consecrated to his worship. For this purpose too the druids performed all their ceremonies in the bosom of the darkest woods, and in the shade of the oldest and most fpreadiug oaks. No person seems better to have understood the secret of heightening, or of setting terrible things, if I may use the expression, in their strongest light by the force of a judicious obscurity , than Milton. His description of Death in the second book is admirably studied; it is afoniflling with what a gloomy pomp, with what a significant and expressive uncertainty of strokes and colouring he has finished the portrait of the king of terrors . The other [hape, Iffhape it might lb called that Shape had none diftingui/ihale, in member, joint, or limb 0c orfubjfance might be calleathatfhadow fenjed, For eachfeemed either; black hejtood as night; Fierce as ten furies; terrible as hell; fnd/hoak a deadly dart. ihatfemed his head li llkenefs of a kingly crown had on. In this description all is dark, uncertain, confused, terrible, and sublime to the laht degree. SEC T. IV Of the difference between CLEARNESS and OBSCURITY with regard to the passions. IT is one thing to make an idea clear, and another to make it aqffesing to the imagination . If I make a drawing of a palace, or a temple, or a landscape, I present a very clear idea of those objects; but then (allowing for the effect of imitation which is something) my picture can at most affect only as the palace, H 3 temple, temple, or landscape would have affected in the reality. On the other hand, the moil lively and spirited