to make even his errors subservient to the cause of truth. In the following parts I hall inquire what things they are that cause in us the as sections of the sublime and beautiful, as in this I have considered the affecions themselves. I only desire one favour, that that no part of this discourse may be judged of by itself and independently of the rest; for I am sensible I have not disposed my materials to abide the test of a captious controversy, but of a sober and even forgiving examination; that they are not armed at all points for battle, but dressed to visit liofe who are willing to give a peaceful entrance to truth. The End of the First Part. [ 95 ] A Philosophical Inquiry INTO THE ORIGIN of our IDEAS OF THE SUBLIME and BEAUTIFUL. PART 1i. SECT. I. Of the passion caused by the SUBLIME . H E palion caused by the great and sublime in nature, when those causes operate most powerfully, is astonishment ; and astonishment is that state of the soul, in which all its motions are suspended, with some degree of horror *. In this cafe the mind is so entirely filled with Part 1. sea. 3, 4, 7. with its objet, that it cannot entcrtail any other, nor by consequence reason on that object which employs it. Hence arises the great power of the fhulime, that far from being produced by : hem, it anticipates our reafoniiv!s, and hunies us on by an irrcfitible force. Astonishment , as I have said, is the effet of the sublime in its highest degree; the inferior effeas are admiration, reverence, and respect. SECT. II TERROR . N O passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. " For fear being an apprehension of pain or death, it operates in a manner that resembles actual pain. Whatever therefore is terrible, with regard to fight, is sublime too, whether this Part 4. feet. 3, 4, 5, 6. this cause of terror , be endued with great aefs of dimensions or not; for it is impossible to look on anything as trifling, or contemptible, that may be dangerous. There are many animals, who though far from being large, are yet capable of raising ideas of the sublime , because they are considered as objects of terror ; as serpents and poisonous animals of almost all kinds. And to things of great di nenfions, if we annex an adventitious idea of terror , they become without comparison greater. A level plain of a vast extent on land, is certainly no mean idea; the profite of such a plain may be as extensive as a prospect of the ocean; but can it ever fill the mind with anything so great as the ocean itself? This is owing to several causes, but it is owing to none more than this, that this ocean is an objet of no fniall terror . Indeed ter, roris in all cafes whatsoever, aether more openly or latently, the ruling principle of the sublime . Several languages bear H a firong a firong testimony to the affinity of these ideas. 1 hey frequently use the same word, to signify indifferently the modes of astonishment or admiration and those of terror . Oa, ¢; is in Greek, either fear or wonder ; js'lv is terrible or refpe^t able; 0!':, to reverence or to fear. e rcor in Latin, is what aitw is in Greek. The Romans used the verbjoupeo, a term which strongly marks the slate of an astonished mind, to express the eieta either of simple fear, or of aftonilhment; the word altontius thunder struck) is equal: ly exprcffive of the alliance of these ideas and do not the French efonnrmenlt, and the English ajtonifriment and al2azeenet, point out as clearly the kindred emotioni which attend fear and wonder ? They who have a more general knowledge of languages, could produce, I make no doubt, many other and equally striking examples. SEC T. SEC T. III O B S C U R I TY. T O make anything very terrible, obscurity * seems in general to be neccflhry. When we know the full extent of any danger, when we can accustom our eyes to it, a great deal of the apprehension vanishes. Every one will be sensible of this, who confiders how greatly night adds to our dread, in all cafes of danger, and how much the notions of ghosts and gollins, of which none can form clear ideas, assec minds, which give credit to the popular tales concerning such sorts of beings. Those despotic governments, which are founded on the passions of men, and principally upon the passion of fear, keep their chief as much as may be fiomn the public eye. The policy has been the same in many H 2 cale Part 4. sea. 14, 15, 16. cafes of religion. Almost all the heathen temples were dark. Even in the barbarous temples of the Americans at this day, the keep their idol in a dark part of the hut, which is consecrated to his worship. For this purpose too the druids performed all their ceremonies in the bosom of the darkest woods, and in the shade of the oldest and mollt preading oaks. No person seems better to have understood the secret of heightening, or of setting terrible things, if I may use the expression, in their strongest light, by the force of a judicious obscurity , than Milton. h!s description of Death in the second book is admirably studied; it is aftonifling with what a gloomy pomp, with what a significant and expressive uncertainty of strokes and colouring he has finished the portrait of the king of terrors . lhe other/hape, If lape it might be cald that jiape had none dij'ing!tflable, in rnemenr, joint, or limb; Ns Orfubflance might be cal'd that shadow fiemed, For each seemed either; black hejflod as night; Fierce as ten furies; terrible as hell; Andjhook a deadly dart. ijhatlfeem'd his