of man, he seems to be struck with a sort of divine horror , and cries out, fearfully and wonder jilly am I nuade! An heathen poet has a ientiment of a similar nature; Horace looks upon it as the last effort of philosophical fortitude, to behold without terror and amazement, this immense and glorions fabric of the universe. JI: et'cm, cfi i la, ctj ellast nticc a cert; s 'itnmpra inomenti, sui; t quiiformidine nulla 2l.nu: ti fe'aanlt, Lucretius Lucretius is a poet not to be suspected of giving way to superstitious terrors ; yet when he supposes the whole mechanism of nature laid open by the master of his philosophy, his transport on this magnificent view which he has represented in the colours of such bold and lively poetry, is overcast with a shade of secret dread and horror . His tibi me rebus quedam Divina voluptas Percipit, atque hirror, quodfic Natura tua VI Tam man fefa patet ex omni parte retec7a. But the scripture alone can supply ideas answerable to the majesty of this sub jet. In the scripture, wherever God is represented as appearing or speaking, everything terrible in nature is called up to heighten the awe and solemnity of the divine pretence. The psalms, and the prophetical books, are crowded with instances of this kind, The earth Jhook hook (fays the psalmist) the heavens aso dropped at the presence of the Lord. And what is remarkable, the painting preserves the same characer, not only when he is supposed descending to take vengeance upon the wicked, but even when he exerts the like plenitude of power in ats of beneficence to mankind. Tremble, thou earth! at the presence of the Lord; at the presence of the God of Jacab; which turned the rock into standing water, the flint into a fountain of waters! It were endless to enumerate all the passages both in the sacred and profane writers, which establish the general sentiment of mankind, concerning the inseparable union of a sacred and reverential awe , with our ideas of the divinity. Hence the common maxim, primos in orb deos fecit timor. This maxim may be, as I believe it is, false with regard to the erigin of religion. The maker of the maxim saw how inseparable these ideas were, without considering that the notion of some great power muss be always precedent to out dread of it. But this dread muff necessarily follow the idea of such a power, when it is once excited in the mind. It is on this principle that true religion has, and must have, so large a mixture of salutary fear; and that false religions have generally nothing else but fear to support them. Before the christian religion had, as it were, humanised the idea of the divinity, and brought it somewhat nearer to us, there was very little said of the love of God. The followers of Plato have Something of it, and only something. The other writers of pagan antiquity, whether poets or philosophers, nothing at all. And they who confider with what infinite attention, by what a disregard of every pe riflable objet, through what long habits of piety and contemplation it is, any any man is able to attain an entire love and devotion to the Deity, will easily perceive, that it is not the first, the most natural, and the most firiking es set which proceeds from that idea. Thus we have traced power through its several gradations unto the highest of all, where our imagination is finally lost; and we find terror quite throughout the progress, its inseparable companion, and growing along with it, as far as we can possibly trace them. Now as power is undoubtedly a capital source of the sublime , this will point out evidentlyfrom whence its energy is derived, and to what class of ideas we ought to unite it. SECT. SEC T. VI PRIVATION. ALL general privations are great, because they are all terrible; Vacuity, Darkness, Solitude, and Silence. With what a fire of imagination , yet with what severity of judgement, has Virgil amassed all these circumstances where he knows that all the images of a tremendous dignity ought to be united, at the mouth of hell! where before he unlocks the secrets of the great deep, he seems to be seized with a religious horror , and to retire astonished at the boldness of his own design. Dii quibus imperium ecj animarum, umbr~eq; silentes i Et Chass, et Phlegethon!! noae filentia late? Sit miljifas azdita loqi! it numnine viqro Pandere res alta terra Ct caliginc merfas! Ibsnt Ibant obfcuri, folafub nocde, per umbram, perqu!e d: mosi Ditis vacuas, et inania regna. Ye subterraneous gods! whose auivefilfway The gliling ghofls, and silent Jhades obey; 0 Chars lear!! Phlegetha profound! wifc ck iom cnmpiirejrtctcdcs wide around! Gi.; e nm, ye great trcmtnot dus powers, to tell Ofiaencs and wonders in the depth of hell; Give me F; ur mighty ft cets to display L Im i/ojf black realms of darkness to the day. PITT. Obscure they went through dreary (hades that led tl', g the w.'c dam'inions of the dead. DRYDEN. SEC T. SEC T. VII VASTNESS . G REATNESS ofdimenfion, isa powerful cause of the sublime . This is too evident, and the observation too common, to need any illustration; it is not so common, to confider in what ways greatness of dimension, vastness of extent, or quantity, has the most striking effec. For certainly, there are ways, and modes, wherein the same quantity of extension ahall produce greater effets than it is found to do in others. Extension is either in length, height, or depth. Of these the length strikes least; an hundred yards of even ground will never work such an effect as a tower an hundred yards high, or a rock or mountain of that altitude. I am apt to imagine likewise, that height is less grand than depth; tp irt 4. ficia. 9, depth; and that we are more firuck at looking