I. 3. 3, 4, 7. with with its object, that it cannot entertain any other, nor by coniequence reason on that object which employs it. Hence arises the great power of the sublime , that, far from being produced by them, it anticipates our reasonings, and hurries us on by an irrefiitible force. Astonishment , as I have said, is the effect of the sublime in its highest degree; the inferior effects are admiration, reverence, and refpet. SECT. II TERROR . O passion so effetually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. * for fear being an apprehension of pain or death, it operates in a manner that resembles actual pain. Whatever therefore is terrible, with regard to fight, is sublime too, whether * Part IV fe. 3, 4, 5, 6. this this cause of terror , be endued with greatness of dimensions or not; for it is iln possible to look on anything as trifling; or contemptible, that may be dangerous. There are many animals, who though far from being large, are yet capable of raising ideas of the sublime , because they are considered as objeets of terror ; as serpents and poisonous animals of almol: all kinds. And to things of great dimensions, if we annex an adventitious idea of terror , they become without comparison greater. A level plain of a vast extent on land, is certainly no mean idea; the prospect of such a plain may be as extensive as a prospect of the ocean: but can it ever fill the mind with anything so great as the ocean itself? This is owing to several causes; but it is owing to none more than this, that this ocean is an object of no small terror . Indeed terror is in all cafes whatsoever, either more openly or latently, the ruling principle of the sublime . Several languages bear I i a strong a strong testimony to the affinity of these ideas. They frequently utfe the same word, to signify indifferently the modes of aftonifment or admiration and those of terror . Oaczuos is in Greek, either fear or wonder ; Jn', os is terrible or refpe& able; cuaio, to reverence or to fear. Vereor in Latin, is what aise is in Greek. The Romans used the verbjiupeo, a term which strongly marks the slate of an astonished mind, to express the effea either of simple fear, or of astonishment ; the word attonitus thunder ifruck) is equally expressive of the alliance of these ideas and do not the French etonnement, and the Engliflm ajfonij/ment and amazement, point out as clearly the kindred emotions which attend fear and wonder ? They who have a more general knowledge of languages, could produce, I make no doubt, many other and equally firiking examples, S E C T. S E CT. III OB S C U R I T Y. i T O make anything very terrible, obscurity seems in general to be necessary. When we know the full extent of any danger, when we can accustom our eyes to it, a great deal of the apprehension vanishes. Eveiy one will be sensible of this, who cotifiders how greatly night adds to our dread, in all cafes of danger; and how much the notions of ghosts and goblins; of which none can form clear ideas, affect minds which give credit to the popular tales concerning such sorts of beings. Thofs despotic governments; which are founded on the passions of men, and principally upon the passion of fear, keep their chief as much as may be from the public eye. The policy'has been the same in many Part IV fe. 14, 15, 16. H 2 cafes cafes of religion. Almoff all the heathen temples were dark. Even in the barbarous temples of the Americans at this day, they keep their idol in a dark part of the hut, which is consecrated to his worship. For this purpose too the druids performed all their ceremonies in the bosom of the darkest woods, and in the shade of the oldest and most spreading oaks. No person seems better to have understood the secret of heightening, or of setting terrible things, if I may use the expression, in their strongest light, by the force of a judicious obscurity , than Milton. His description of death in the second book is admirably studied; it is aflonifning with what a gloomy pomp, with what a significant and expressive uncertainty of strokes and colouring, he has. finished the portrait of the king of terrors : The other iape, Iffhape it nmght be (ll'd that shape had none d/lniguiuhdable, in i.: eer, joint, or limb; Or Orfibflance might be calld that shadow feeir'd, For each seemed either; black hejfood as night; Fierce as ten furies; terrible as hell; And bois a deadly dart. ifjatfeem'd his head The likeness of a kingly crown had on, In this description all is dark, uncertain, confused, terrible, and sublime to the lft degree.. SEC T. IV Of the difference between CLEARNESS and O B SCURITY with regard to the passions. IT is one thing to make an idea clear, and another to. make it affecting to the imagination . 'If I make a drawing of a palace, or a temple, or a landscape, I present a very clear idea of those ob jeas; but then (allowing for the effec of imitation, which is something) my picture' can at most assec only as the palace, H 3 temple, temple, or landscape, would have affected in the reality. On the other hand, the most lively and spirited verbal description I can give, raises a very obscure and im perfecn idea of such objeas; but then it is in my power to raise a fironger emno tion by the description than I pould do by the best painting. This experience constantly evinces. The proper manner of conveying the afec7io; s of the mind from one to another, is by words; there is a great insufficiency in all other methods of communication; and so far