image. For the same reason, out of mere compliance with the rhyme, Jupiter is represented as ilaking his locks before he gives the nod; -- -- " Shakes his ambrosial curls, and " gives the nod," which is trifling, and without meaning. Whereas, in the original, the hair of his head shaken, is the effet of his nod, and 'makes a happy picturesque circumstance in the defcriptiont. thi. boldness, freedom, and variety of our blank verse; is infinitely more favourable than rhyme, to all kinds of Sublime poetry, The fullest proof of this is afforded by Milton; an author, whose genius led him eminently to the Sublime . The whole first and second books of Paradise Ioft, are continued instances of it. Take only, for an example, the following noted description of Satan, after his fall, appearing at the head of the infernal hosts: But Caifr Rill superior to ditrefs, Fearless and confident of furt fucccs, Thus to the pi lot lod: - The seas defiife, And the vain tihrat'ning of the noisy Skies; Though Gods deny thee yon Autunian Itrand, Yet go, I charge you, go, at my command. Thy ignorance alone can cause thy fears, Thou know's not what a freight thy velel bears; 1 hou know's not I am he to whom 'tis given, Never to want the care of watchful heaven. .Obedient fortune waits my humble thrall, --. -- He And always ready, comes before I call. Let winds, and seas, loud wars at freedom wage, And wale upon themfeclves their empty rage, A fironger, mightier Damon is thy friend, Thou, and thy Iark, on Ca: ar's fate depend. Thou fiand'fi amazed to view this dreadful fccne, And wonder'it what the Gods and Fortune mean; But artfully their bounties thus they raise, And from my danger arrogate new praise Amidf the fears of death they bid me live, And hill enhance what they are sure to give. Rovr. t Sec Wcbb on the Beauties ot Poetry. ..-. --. -- -- I he, above the rest, In lape and gcfturc proudly eminent, Stood like a tower: his form had not yet lost All her original brigltnel's, nor appeared Less than archangel ruined ; and the excess Ot glory obscured : As when the flin, now rifcn, Looks through the horizontal misty air, Shorn of his beams or, from behind, ihe moon, In dim eclipse, disastrous twilight flieds On half the nations, and with fear of change Perplexes monarchs. Darkened so, yet shone Above them all th' Archangel. -- -- Here concur a variety of sources of the Sublime : The principal objest eminently great; a high superior nature, fallen indeed, but erecting itself against diftrels; the grandeur of tlte principal objea heightened, by associating it witli so noble an idea as that of tile fim susser ing an eclipse; this pi&ture shaded with all those images of change and trouble, of darkness and terror , which coincide so .finely with the Sublime emotion; and the whole cxprflced in a style and versification, easy natural, and simple, but magnificent. I have spoken. of ffmplicity and conciseness, as essential to Sublime Writing. In my general description of it, I mentioned Strength, as another necessary requisite. The Strength of description arises, in a great meafnre, from a simple conciseness; but, it supposes also something more; namely, a proper choice of circumstances in the description, so as to exhibit the objec in its full and most striking point of view. For every object has several faces, so to speak, by which it may be presented to us, according to the circumstances with which we surround it; and it will appear eminently Sublime , or not, in proportion as all there circumstances are happily chosen, and of a Sublime kind; Here lies the great art of the writer; and indeed, the great difficulty of Sublime description. If the description be too general, and divested of circumstances, the object appears in a faint light; it makes a feeble impression, or no impression at all, on the reader. At the same time, if any trivial or improper circumstances are mingled, the whole is degraded. A storat or tempest , forinftance, is a Sublime objec in nature. But, to render it Su -- blime in description, it is not enough, either to give us mere general expressions concerning the violence of the tempest , or to describe its common, vulgar effecs,. in overthrowing trees and houses. It must be painted with'fuch circumstances as fill the mind with great and awful ideas. This is very happily done by Virgil, in the following passage: Ipse Pater, media nimborum in no, corufca. Fulmina molitur dextri; quo maxima motu Terra tremit fugere fere; & mortalia corda, Per gentes humilis ftravit pavor: Ille, flagranti Aut Atho, aut Rhodopen, aut alta Ceraunia telo Dejicit..* -- -- GEORG. I; Every The Father of the Gods his glory Ihrouds Earth feels the motions of her angry God, Involvd in tempests , aml a night of clouds; Her entrails tremble, anl her mountains nod, And from the middle darknils flalhing out, And fyilie beanss in forells eek abode. By its he deals his fiery boks about. Deep Every circumstance in this noble description is the produaion of an imagination heated and aftonificd with the grandeur of the object. If there be any defec, it is in the words immediately following those I have quoted; " Ingeminant Auftri, ct denfiffimus imber; " where the transition is made too hastily, I am afraid, from the preceding Sublime images, to a thick shower, and the blowing of the south wind; and fllews how difficult it frequently is, to defeend with grace, without seeming to fall, tine high importance of the rule which I have been now giving, concerning the proper choice of circumstances, when description is meant to be Sublime , seems to me not to have been fuficiently attended to. It has, however, such a foundation in nature,, as renders the leapt deflexion from it fatal. When a writer is aiming at the beautiful only,