have said, is the effect of the sublime in its highest degree; the inferior effets are admiration, reverence, and refpet. SECT. II TERROR . O passion so effetually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. * For fear being an apprehension of pain or death, it operates in a manner that resembles actual pain. Whatever therefore is terrible, with regard to fight, is sublime too, whether Part IV see. 3, 4, 5, 6. this this cause of terror , be endued with great. ness of dimensions or not; for it is impossible to look on anything as trifling, or contemptible, that may be dangerous. There are many animals, who though far from being large, are yet capable of raising ideas of the sublime , because they are considered as objets of terror ; as serpents and poisonous animals of almost all kinds. And to things of great dimensions, if we annex an adventitious idea of terror , they become without comparison greater. A level plain of a vast extent on land, is certainly no mean idea; the profpet of such a plain may be as extensive as a prof pet of the ocean: but can it ever fill the mind with anything so great as the ocean itself? This is owing to several causes; but it is owing to none more than this, that this ocean is an objec of no small terror . Indeed terror is in all cafes whatsoever, either more openly or latently, the ruling principle of the sublime . Several languages bear a strong testimony to the H affinity affinity of these ideas. They frequently use the same word, to signify indifferently the modes of astonishment or admiration and those of terror . oaegco is in Greek, either fear or wonder ; Eivow is terrible or respectable; ai>w, to reverence or to fear. Vereor in Latin, is what atiee is in Greek. The Romans used the Verbs upeo, a term which strongly marks the state of an acto nithed mind, to express the effea either of simple fear, or of astonishment ; the word attonitus thunder struck) is equally expressive of the alliance of these ideas; and do not the French etonnetent, and the English aflonihment and amazement, point out as clearly the kindred emotions which attend fear and wonder ? They who have a more general knowledge of languages, could produce, I make no doubt, many other and equally striking examples. SECT. SECT. III OBSCURITY . T O make anything very terrible, obscurity * seems in general to be necessary. When we know the full extent of any danger, when we can accustom our eyes to it, a great deal of the apprehension vanishes. Every one will be sensible of this, who confiders how greatly night adds to our dread, in all cafes of danger, and how much the notions of ghosts and goblins, of which none can form clear ideas, affect minds which give credit to the popular tales concerning such sorts of beings. Those despotic governments, which are founded on the passions of men, and principally upon the passion of fear, keep their chief as much as may be from the public eye. The policy has been the same in many * Part IV fe. 14, 15, 6. H z cafes cafes of religion. Almost all the heathen temples were dark. Even in the barbarous temples of the Americans at this day, they keep their idol in a dark part of the hut, which is consecrated to his worship. For this purpose too the druids performed all their ceremonies in the bosom of the darkeit woods, and in the shade of the oldest and most spreading oaks. No person seems better to have understood the secret of heightening, or of setting terrible things, if I may use the expression, in their strongest light, by the force of a judicious obscurity , than Milton. His description of death in the second book is admirably studied; it is astonishing with what a gloomy pomp, with what a significant and expressive uncertainty of strokes and colouring, he has finished the portrait of the king of terrors : she orher, ape, If Shape it night Ae calid that hape had none djllnguibab6e, in member, joint, or limb Or Or fubjlance might be called that jhadowfeem'd, For each feet'd either; black hejlood.as night; Fierce as ten furies; terrible as hell; .ndjfook a deadly dart. /whatfeem'd his head Tie lienefs of a kingly crown had on. In this description all is dark, uncertain, confused, terrible, and sublime to the last degree. SECT. IV Of the difference between CLEARNESS and OBSCURITY with regard to the passions. T is one thing to make an idea clear, and another to make it affecting to the imagination . If I make a drawing of a palace, or a temple, or a landscape, I present a very clear idea of those objects; but then (allowing for the effec of imitation, which is something) my picture can at most affect only as the palace, H 3 temple, temple, or landscape, would have asseted in the reality. On the other hand, the moult lively and spirited verbal description I can give, raises a very obscure and im perfea idea of such objects; but then it is in my power to raise a stronger emotion by the description than I could do by the belt painting. This experience constantly evinces. The proper manner of conveying the afftions of the mind from one to another, is by words; there is a great insufficiency in all other methods of communication; and so far is a clearness of imagery from being absolute. ly necessary to an influence upon the passions, that they may be considerably operated upon, without presenting any image at all, by certain sounds adapted to that purpose; of which we have a sufficient proof in the acknowledged and powerful effecs of instrumental music. In reality, a great clearness helps but little towards affecting the passions, as it is in 8 some some sort an enemy to