alone can supply ideas answerable to the majesty of this sub je. In the scripture, where ever God is represented as appearing or speaking, everything terrible in nature is called up to heighten the awe and solemnity of the divine presence. The psalms, and the prophetical books, are crowded with instances of this kind. The earth Jlhoo hook (fays the psalmist), the heavens ale dropped at the presence of the Lord. And what is remarkable, the painting preserves the same character, not only when he is supposed descending to take vengeance upon the wicked, but even when he exerts the like plenitude of power in aas of beneficence to mankind. Tremble thou earth! at the presence of the Lord; at the presence of the God of yacob; which turned the rock into Jfanding water, the flint into a fountain of waters! It were endless to enumerate all the passages, both in the sacred and profane writers, which eftablilh the general sentiment of mankind, concerning the inseparable union of a sacred and reverential awe , with our ideas of the divinity. Hence the common maxim, Primos in orb deos fecit timor. This maxim may be, as I believe it is, false with regard to the origin of religion. The maker of the maxim saw hpw inseparable these ideas were, with. out out considering that the notion of some great power must be always precedent to our dread of it. But this dread must necessarily follow the idea of such a power, when it is once excited in the mind. It is on this principle that true religion has, and muff have, so large a mixture of salutary fear; and that false religions have generally nothing else but fear to support them. Before the Chriffian religion had, as it were, humanised the idea of the Divinity, and brought it somewhat nearer to us, there was very little said. of the love of God. The followers of Plato have Something of it, and only something; the other writers of pagan antiquity, whether poets or philosophers, nothing at all. And they who confider with what infinite attention, by what a disregard of every pe riflable objec, through what long habits of piety and contemplation it is, any man is able to attain an entire love and devotion to the Deity, will easily perceive, perceive, that it is not the first, the most natural, and the most striking esse which proceeds from that idea. Thus we have traced power through its several gradations unto the highest of all, where our imagination is finally lost; and we find terror , quite throughout the progress, its inseparable companion, and growing along with it, as far as we can pofibly trace them. Now, as power is undoubtedly a capital source of the sublime , this will point out evidently from whence its energy is derived, and to what class of ideas we ought to unite it. SECT. SECT. VI P R I V A T I O N. A LL general privations are great, because they are all terrible; Vacuity, darkness, Solitude, and Silence. With what a fire of imagination , yet with what severity of judgement, has Virgil amassed all these circumstances, where he knows that all the images of a tremendous dignity ought to be united, at the mouth of hell! where, before he unlocks the secrets of the great deep, he seems to be seized with a religious horror , and to retire astonished at the boldness of his own design: Di quibus imperium ejf animarum, umbrque silentes! Et Chaos, it Phlgethon! I oa note filentialate Sit mihifas audita loqui sit numine veflro Pandert rs alia ttrra et caligine merfas! fiant Ibant obfcuri, folafub no, per umbram, Perque domos Ditis vacuas, et inania regna e subterraneous gods! whfe awfulfway The gliding ghojts, and silent jades obey; 0 Chaos, hear! and Phlegethon profound i Phoftfoltme n empire lretches wide around! Give me, ye great tremendous powers, to tell Offcenes and wonders in the depth of hell: Give meyour mighty secrets to dfplay From those black realms of darmefs to the day. PITT. Obscure they went through dreary fiades that led Jlong the we dominions of the dead, DRYDEN. S E C T. SECT. VII V A S T N E S S. R EATNESS * of dimension is a powerful cause of the sublime . This is too evident, and the observation too common, to need any illustration; it is not so common, to confider in what ways greatness of dimension, vaifnefs of extent or quantity, has the mot striking effec. For certainly, there are ways, and modes, wherein the same quantity of extension shall produce greater effects than it is found to do in others. Extension is either in length, height, or depth. Of these the length firikes leaf; an hundred yards of even ground will never work such an effect as a tower an hundred yards high, or a rock or mountain of that altitude. I am apt to imagine likewise, that height is less grand than Part IV fct. 9. depth.; depth; and that we are more itruck at looking down from a precipice, than looking up at an objet of equal height: but of that I am not very positive. A perpendicular has more force in forming the sublime , than an inclined plain; and the effecs of a rugged and broken surface seem stronger than where it is imooth and polished. It would carry us out of our way to enter in this place into the cause of these appearances; but certain it is they afford a large and fruitful field of speculation. However, it may not be amiss to add to these remarks upon magnitude, that, as the great extreme of dimension is sublime , so the last extreme of littleness is in some measure sublime likewise; when we attend to the infinite divisibility of matter, when we pursue animal life into these excessively small, and yet organised beings, that escape the nicest inquisition of the sense, when