imitation of Bolingbroke; and the force of his sagacity, in perceiving, though hitherto unguided by experience, the tendency of scepticism to dissolve the bands of society. This essay is evidently the production of a mind of no ordinary portion of talents, but of talents not yet quite arrived at their zenith. His first acknowledged literary work did not meet with so great success as its ingenuity deserved. Like the paradoxes of the Vicar of Wakefield's son, it neither excited much praise or blame: like Hume's first effort, it fell dead born from the press, but was afterwards revived by its younger brothers. Burke was still a student in the Temple; 32 j but although no man could be more completely master of law, either in its details, or general principles, as a subject of moral and political history and science, yet he does not appear to have studied it with very great zeal as a pro, session. Hume informs us, in bis o rn Life, that, though professing to study law, he found an insurmountable aversion to everything but the pursuitsof general learning. " While they (his friends) fancied I was poring over Voet and Vinnius, Cicero and Virgil were the authors I was secretly devouring." In the like manner, works of taste , genius , and philosophy attracted Burke more powerfully than usage, decision, and statute. Homer and Longinus occupied his mind more than Montesquieu and Littleton. Soon after his Vindication of Natural Society, he published an Essay on the Sublime ant; Beautiful, a work which showed a genius much beyond that of common critics, and even of highly approved critics. In considering this essay, we are not to look for a rbetorician enu. nierating constituents of fine writing, but for a PHILOSOPHER TRACING PHENOMENA AND THEIR CAUSES in physical and moral nature. He not only collects and narrates fars, but investigates principles; he is not merely an experimental, he is a scientific critic. Longinus possessed more the genius of a poet than the investigating coolness of a philosopher. He illustrated and exemplifies sublimity rather than unfolds its causes. In treating of the Sublime , Longinus includes the pathetic, and even the beautiful. His treatise affords less distict instruction concerning the sublime in particular, than ideas concerning excellent composition in general. Burke saw and proved the difference between the " sublime and beautiful," and considered each as connected with a branch of the pathetic: the former with the stronger and more violent passions; the latter with the milder and more pleasant. The sublime and beautiful, he shows, differ very essentially in constituents, effetts, and causes. To analyse a work so universally known as this essay would be superfluous: I shall therefore confine myself to its spirit, instead of following its detail. It will be generally allowed by readers conversant on such subjects, that the author displays a mind both " feelingly alive to each fine impulse," and able to invcs tigate its own operations, their effects and causes. It unites Longinus and Aristotle. Burke is a philosophical anatomist of the human mind. In respet of taste and its ohjests, he is what Hutchinson is in respect to the as. feetions, and Locke to the understanding the first who by experiment and analysis investigated an important subjec in pneumatology. Like those two profound philosophers, his account of phenomena is just and accuiate, i C 34 though some of his theories may be incomplete and fanciful. Whoever turns his attention to subjects of taste , must see that Burke's enumeration of the qualities which constitute sublimity and beauty is exaat. Whoever is acquainted with literary history, ' must know that an analytical inquiry and scientific discussion of these subjects is new. Mr. Addison, indeed, in his Spectators on the Pleasures of the Imagination , describes grandeur and beauty in geneal; but does not analyse either so as to give a clear view of constituents, much less to ascertain principles. Many readers, who will admit the justness of Burke's account of qualities, may esteem some of his hypotheses incomplete. "Whatever (says he) is fitted in any sort to excite the ideas of pain and danger, that is to say, whatever is in any sort terrible, or conversant about terrible objects, or operates in a manner analogous to terror , is a source of the sublime ." That terror is a principal source he very clearly demonstrates, and ingeniously illustrates; but in estceneing terrible objects, and those of analogous operation, the sole constituents of sublimity , he appears. like many men of genius , to be led too far by the love of system. Like Pythlngoras, he, in some cases, errs fi-om the tendency of a great mind to generalisation. There are many objects sublime which are not terrible. Magnificence, vastness , force, constituents of sublimity , and included in his enumeration, excite either astonishment or admiration, sentiments not analogous to terror . A warhorse, a lofty and spacious building, are sublime without being terrible. But though somewhat fanciful in parts of his theory, Burke is a perspicuous observer, and a philosophical investigator. In his detail of constituents he is accurate and comprehensive; in his assignation of efficient causes often just, sometimes imaginative , always acute and ingenious; in his reasoning on final causes profound, wise, and pious. We may consider the Essay on the Sublime and Beautiful in two lights, as an addition to literature, and an exhibition of genius . It as fords the greatest accession to the knowledge of a most important branch of pneumatology, and its appropriate objets, of any work which has yet appeared. Succeeding writers, who have rejected the theory, have done little more than copy the account of the phaenomena. it displays the learning of a scholar, the invention of a poet, and the wisdom of a philosopher. Johnson considered this worl as a model of philosophical criticism. " We have (he said) an example of true criticism in Burke's Essay on the Sublime and Beautiful. There is no great merit in showing how many plays have ghosts in them,