prejence of the Lord; at at the pref'nce of the God of Jacob; which turned the rock into Janding water, the flint into ajbountaiz of waters! It were endless to enumerate all the passages, both in the ficred and profane writers, which eftablilh the general sentiment of mankind, concerning the inseparable union of a sacred and reverential awe , with our ideas of the divi. nity. Hence the common maxim, Priinos in orb deos fecit timor. This maxim may be, as I believe it is, false with regard to the origin of religion. The maker of the maxim saw how inseparable these ideas were, without considering that the notion of some great power muss be always precedent to our dread of it. But this dread muff necessarily follow the idea of such a power, when it is once excited in the mind. It is on this principle that true religion has, and muff have, so large a mixture of salutary fear; and that false religions have generally nothing else but fear to support tlem. Before the Christian religion had, ais as it were, humanised the idea of the Divinity, and brought it tomewhat nearer to us, there was very little said of the love of God. The followers of Plato have something of it, and only something; the other writers of pagan antiquity, whether poets or philosophers, nothing at all. And they who confider with what infinite attention, by what a disregard of every perishable objet, through what long habits of piety and contemplation it is, any man is able to attain an entire love and devotion to the Deity, will easily perceive, that it is not the first, the most natural, and the moult firiking effect which proceeds from that idea. Thus we have traced power through its several gradations unto the highest of all, where our imagination is finally lost; and we find terror , quite throughout the progress, its inseparable companion, and growing along with it, as far as we can possibly trace them. Now, as power is undoubtedly a capital source of the sublime , this will point point out evidently from whence its energy is derived, and to what class of ideas we ought to unite it. SECT. VI PRIVATION. ALL general privations are great, because they are all terrible; Vacuity, Darkness, Solitude, and Silence. With what a fire of imagination , yet with what severity of judgement, has Virgil amassed all these circumstances, where he knows that all the images of a tremendous dignity ought to be united, at the mouth of hell! where, before he unlocks the secrets of the great deep, he seems to be seized with a religious horror , and to retire astonished at the boldness of his own design Di quibus imperittm, ejt animarum umbreque silentes! Et Chaos, et Phlegethon! loca nodte filentia late! Sil Sit mihifas audita loqui! sit numine veftro Pandere res alta terra et caligine merfas! Ibant obfcuri, folafub noete, per munbram, Perque domos Ditis vacuas, et inania regna, Yefubterraneous gods! whose awdfulfway The gliding ghofls, and filentjiades obey; 0 Chaos, hear! and Phlegethon profound! iykofefolemn empire firetches wide around! Give me, ye great tremendous powers, to tell Of scenes and wonders in the depth of hell: Give meyour might yfecets to display From those black realms of darkness to the day pitr. Obscure they wvent through dreay shades that led Along the vafje dominions of the dead. dayd 2. ECT. SECT. VII V A S T N E S S, GREATNESS * of dimension is a powerful cause of the fulime. This is too evident, and the observation too common, to need any illustration; it is not so common, to confider in what ways greatness of di menfron, vastness of extent, or quantity, has the most firiking effet.. For certainly, there are ways, and modes, wherein the same quantity of extension shall produce greater effets than it is found to do in others. Extension is either in length, height, or depth. Of there the length strikes least; an hundred yards of even ground will never work such an effect as a tower an hundred yards high, or a rock or mountain of that altitude. I am apt to imagine likewise, that height is less grand than depth; and that we are more itruck * Part IV frc. 9. at at looking down from a precipice, than looking up at an object of equal height: but of that I am not very positive. A perpendicular has more force in forming the sublime , than an inclined plain; and the effets of a rugged and broken fulrface seem fironger than where it is finooth and polished. It would carry us out of our way to enter in this place into the cause of these appearances; but certain it is they afford a large and fruitful field of speculation. However, it may not be amiss to add to there remarks ipon magnitude, that, as the great extreme of dimension is sublime , so the last extreme of littleness is in some measure sublime likewise; when we attend to the infinite divisibility of matter, when we pursue animal life into these excessively fimall, and yet organised beings, that escape the nicelt inquisition of the sense, when we puth our discoveries yet downward, and confider those creatures so many degrees yet smaller, and the still diminifling scale of existence, in tracing which the imagina. tion is lost as well as the sense, we become amazed and confounded at the wonders of minuteness; nor can we diftinguilh in its effetd this extreme of littleness from the vais itself. For division must be infinite as well as addition; because the idea of a perfect unity can no more be arrived at, than that of a complete whole, to which no. thing may be added. SECT. VIII INS INIT Y. ANOTHER source of the sublime is Infinity; if it does not rather belong to the last. Infinity has a tendency to fill the mind with that sort of delightful horror ,