tie Rights of L 4s j \tiure, in oposi/lionl to tie Usurpation of Estab lislbmenlt, * RECOMIMENDS '10 PRACTICE. The Vindication of Natural Society displays at once the extent of the author's knowledge, in the historical statements; the versatility of his genius , in the happy imitation of Bolingbroke; and the force of his sagacity, in perceiving, though hitherto unguided by experience, the tendency of scepticism to dissolve the bands of society. This essay is evidently the production of a mind of no ordinary portion of talents, but of talents not yet quite arrived at their zenith. His first acknowledged literary work did not meet with so great success as its ingenuity deserved. Like the paradoxes of the Vicar of Wakefield's son, it neither excited much praise nor blame: like Hume's first cf * reader may, perhaps, not remember this treatise. It was one of the ranting, ignorant, impudent effusions of Thelsail!, in which he states that " Socrates was a demo cras: C lc.ur.r, and Edmund Burke a scriblrr." U 49 ] fort, it fell dcad birtn fi-om the press, but was afterwards revived by its younger brothers. Burke was still a student in the Temple; but although no man could be more corn pletely master of law, either in its details or general principles, as a subject of moral and politicial history and science, yet he does not appear to have studied it with vetry great zeal as a profession. Hume informs us, in lis rvicn lii, tlhat, though professing to study law, lie found an insurmountable aversion to everything but the pursuits of general learning. ' While they (his fiicnds) fancied I was poring over Voet and Vinnius, Cicero and Virgil were the authors I was secretly devouring.' In the like manner, works of taste , genius , and philosophy, attratsed Burke more powerfully than usage, decision, and statute. Homer and Longinus occupied his mind more than Fortescue and Lit tieton. Soon after LI s Vindication of Natural Society, he published an Essay on tle Sublime VOL. E C So 3 and Bel; tfll, *' a work hich showed a genius much beyond that of common critics, and even of highly approved critics. In considering this essay, we are not to look for a l1: C rriciarn emnl; erl'ig conslitluents of fine writing, but for a PHILOSOPHER TRACING ph.inononoena AND THEIR CAUSES in physical and moral nature. He not only collets and narrates facts, but investigates principles; he is not merely an experimental, lhe is a scientific critic. Longinus possessed more the genius of a poet than the investigating coolness of a philosopher. He illustrates and exemplifies sublimity rather than unfolds its causes. In treating of the Sublime , Longinus includes the pathetic, and even the beautiful. His treatise affords less distinct instru(tion concerning the sublime in particular, than ideas concerning excellent composition in general. Sublimity and beauty had, either through inadvertency or ignorance, been fiequently In 1757. C 51 D confounded, and mistaken one for the other. This, as the author remarks, must necessarily cause many mistakes in those whose business it is to influence the passions; since, by being unacquainted with the difference betvween the sublime and the beautiful, they cannot happily succeed, unless by chance, in either. The design of this work, then, is to lay down such principles as may tend to ascertain and distinguish the sublime and the beautiful in any art, and to form a sort of standard for each. The author first inquires into the assec tions of the sublime and beautiful, in their own nature: he then proceeds to investigate the properties of such things in nature as give rise to the affections; and, lastly, he considers in what manner these properties act, to produce those affections, and each correspondent emotion. It will be generally allowed by readers conversant in such subjers, that the author E 2 C 2 ] displays a mind, both ' feelingly alive to each fine impulse, ' and able to investigate its own operations, their effects and causes. It unites Longinus and Aristotle. Burke is a philosophical a!atomist of the human mind. In respecn of taste and its objets, he is what Hutchinson is in respect to the affections, and Locke to the understanding; the first who, by experiment and analysis, investigated an important subject in pneumatology. Like those two profound philosophers, his account of phenomena is just and accurate, though some of his theories may be incomplete and fanciful. Whoever tuins his attention to subjects of taste , must see that Burke's enumeration of the qualities xlhich constitute sublimity and beauty is exact. Vhoever is acquainted with literary history, must know that an analytical inquiry and scientific discussion of these subjects is new. Mr. Addison, indeed, in his Spectators on the Pleasures of the Imagination , describes grandeur and beauty in [ .*" 3 general; but dois not analyse either, so as to give a clea view of constituents, nluch less to ascertain principles. Many readers, who will admit the justness of Burke's account of qualities, may esteem some of his hypotheses incomplete. ' Whatever (says he) is fitted in any sort to excite the ideas of pain and danger, that is to say, whatever is in any sort terrible, or conversant about terrible objects, or operates in a manner analogous to terror , is a source of the sublime .' That terror is a principal source, he very clearly demonstrates, and ingeniously illustrates; but in esteeming terrible objects, and those of analogous operation, tie sole constituents of sublimity , he appears, like many men of genius , to be led too far by the love of system. Like Pythagoras, he, in some cases, errs from the tendency of a great mind to generalisation. There are many objects sublime which are not terrible. Magnificence, vastness , force, constituents of sublimity , and E 3 included in his enumeration, excite either astonishment or admiration, sentiments not ana!agos to terror . A mountain , a lofty and spacious building, are sublime without being terrible. When he comes to speak