SECT. I. Of the palion caused by the SUBLIME . T J HE passion called by the r and sublime in nature, when those causes operate moftpcwesr fully, is Astonishment ; and aftomrii mentis that state of the soul, in wikfch all its motions are fuipended, with rfae degree of horror . * In this cffe the * Part i. fe. 3, 4, 7. mind mind is so entirely filled with its object, that it cannot entertain any other, nor by consequence reason on that. object whliih employs it. hence 'arifs the great power f the fiiblime,. that far from being produced by them, it anticipates our reasonings, .and hurries! is on by an irresistible force. Aftonilhment, as I have said, is tle effect of the sublime in its h'igheftdperce; the inferior effeats e aumiration, reverence ana reipec.' r. -' r. q' S E C T. II . TERROR . N O passion so effectually robs the : Inind : ds'1 its power' 'of 'adti' and reafoning.as fear §'. For fear being an apprehension of pain or; death, it operates in a manner. that resembles actual pain. Whatever therefore is terrible;, 'with: regard to fight, is,"fublime too, whether : § Pan 4. ra. 3, 4, 5, 6. this this cause of terror , be endued with greatness of dimensions or not; for it is impossible to look on anything as trifling, or contemptible, that may be dangerous. There are many animals, who though far from being large, are yet capable of raising ideas of the sublime , because they are considered as objects of terror . As serpents and poisonous animals of almost all kinds. And to things of great dimensions, if we annex an adventitious idea of terror , they become without comparison greater. A level plain of a vast extent on land, is certainly no mean idea; the profpea of ufch a plain may be as extensive as a prcfpe& of the ocean; but can it ever fill the mind with anything so great as the o: ean itself? This is owing to several causes, but it is owing to none more than this, that the ocean is an object of no small terror . Indeed terror is in all cafes whatsoever, either more openly or latently the ruling principle of the fubline. Several languages bear I H a fl ong a strong tetfimony to the affinity of there ideas. They frequently ife the fameword, to signify indifferently the modes of astonishment or admiration and those of terror . oac¢os is in greek, either fear or wonder ; awos is terrible or respectable; cufw, to reverence or to fear. Vereor in latin, is what auteu is in greek. The Romans used the verb upeo, a term which strong ly marks the rfate of an arfonifhed mind, to express the effet either of simple fear, or of astonishment ; - the word attonitus, (thunderfiruck) isequallyexpreffive of the allianceofthefeidea; anddonotthefrench etonnement, and the. english aftontihment and amazement, point out as clearly the kindred emotions which attend fear and wonder ? They who have a more general knowledge of languages, could produce, I make no doubt, many other and equally firiking examples. : -'. : SECT; SEC T. III OBSCURITY . TO make anything very terrible, obscurity t seems in general to be necessary. When we know the full extent of any danger, when we can accustom our eyes to it, a great deal of the apprehension vanishes. Every one will be sensible of this, who confiders how greatly night adds to our dread, in all cafes of danger, and how much the notions of ghosts and goblins, of which none can form clear ideas, assec minds which give credit to the popular tales concerning such sorts of beings. Those despotic governments, which are founded on the passions of men, and principally upon the passion of fear, keep their chief as much as may be from the public eye. The policy has been the same in many t Part 4. sea. 14, 15, 16. H 2 a afe3 cafes of religion. Almost all the heathen temples were dark. Even in the barbarous temples of the Americans at this day, they keep their idol in a dark part of the hut, which is consecrated to his worship. For this purpose too the druids performed all their ceremonies in the bosom of the darkest woods, and in the shade of the oldest and most Spreading oaks. No person seems better to have understood the secret of heightening, or of setting terrible things, if I may use the expression, in their strongest light by the force of a judicious obscurity , than Milton. His description of Death in the second book is admirably studied; it is aftonilhing with what a gloomy pomp, with what a significant and expressive uncertainty of strokes and colouring he has finished the portrait of the king of terrors . aht other Jiape, if/hape it might be called that f/apt had none Dilingiuijable, in mrmir, joint, or limb; jor Or fubfiance miit It called that f/iadowv seencd, For each seered either; black le jtlod as nigl.t; Fierce as ten furies; tcrribe as iell; And jhook a deadly dart. 17ant feemred hls head The likeness of a kingly trcwn had cn. In this description all is dark, uncertain, confused, terrible, and sublime to the last degree. SEC T. IV Of the difference between CLEARNESS and OBSCURITY with regard to the passions. IT is one thing to make an idea clear, and another to make it af'5ting to the imagination . If I make a drawing of a palace, or a temple, or a landscape, I present a very clear idea of those objets; but then (allowing for the effect of imitation which is something) my picture can at most assed only as the palace, H 3 temple, temple, or landscape would have affeaed in. the reality. On the other hand, the most lively and spirited verbal description I can give, raises a very obscure and im perse idea of such objects; but then it is in my power to