in * See a Philosophical Inquiry into the Origin of our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful. Dr. Gerard on Tafe, seftionii. Elements of Criticism, Chap. IV 4 length, T, E, T. length, makes not so strong an impression as *-.-* height or depth. Though a boundless plain be a grand object, yet a high mountain , to which we look up, or an awful precipice or tower wlence we look down on the objets which lic below, is still more so. The excessive Grandeur of the fiimament arises from its height, joined to its boundless extent; and that of the ocean, not from its extent alone, but from the perpetual motion and irresistible force of that mass of waters. Wherever space is concerned, it is clear, that amplitude or greatness of extent, in one dimension or other, is necessary to Grandeur. Remove all bounds fi-om any objest, and you presently render it sublime . Hence infinite space, endless numbers, and eternal duration, fill the mind with great ideas, FROM this some have imagined , that vastness , or amplitude of extent, is the foundation of ail Sublimity . But I cannot be of this opinion, because many objets appear sublime which have no relation to space at all. Such, for inlftanec, is great loudness of sound. The burfy of thunder or of cannon, the roaring of winds, the fltiuting of multitudes, the sound CL vac' catlts! is of water, are all inconteftibly grands olbjeds. " I beard the voice of a great " multikude, as the sound of many waters, C and of mighty thunderings , saying Allelu "jab tjah.'" In general we may observe,. that L F. e T. great power and force exerted, always raise. sublime ideas: and perhaps the most copious source of these is derived from this quarter. Hence the grandeur of earthquakes and burning mountains ; of great conflagrations; of the stormy ocean, and overflowing waters; of tempeifs of wind; of thunder and lightning; and of all the uncommon violence of the elements. Nothing is more sublime than mighty power and strength. A stream that runs within its banks, is a beautiful object; but when it russes down with the impetuosity and noise of a torrent, it presently becomes a sublime one. From lions, and other animals of strength, are drawn fublilne comparisons in poets. A race horse is looked upon with pleasure; but it is the warhorse" " " neck is clothed with thunder ," that carries grandeur in its idea. The engagement of two. great armies, as it is the highest exertion of human might, combines a variety of sources of the Sublime ; and has accordingly been always considered as one of the most striking and magnificent spectacles that cani be either presented to the eye, or exhibited to the imagination in description. for the farther illuitration of this subject, it is proper to remark, that all ideas of the solemn and awful kind, and even bordering on, the L EI' T. the terrible, tend greatly to afflft the Sublime -, y -- itch as darkness, solitude, and silence. What are the scenes of nature that elevate the mind in the highest degree, and produce the sublime sensation? Not the gay landscape, the flowery field, or the flourishing city; but the hoary mountain , and the solitary lake; the aged forest, and the torrent falling over the rock. Hence too, night fcenes are commonly the most sublime . The firmament when filled with stars, scattered in such vait numbers, and with such magnificent profusion, firikes the imagination with a more awful grandeur, than when we view it enlightened by all the splendour of the Sun; The deep sound of a great bell, or the striking of a great clock, are at any time grand; but, when heard amid the silence and stillness of the night, they become doubly so. Darkness is very commonly applied for adding sublimity to all our ideas of the Deity. " He maketh darkness his pa" " he dwelleth in the thick cloud." So Milton: -- -- How oft, amidst Thick clouds and dark, does Heaven's all ruling Sire Choose to reside, his glory unobfcured, And, with the Majesty of darkness, round Circles his throne -- book II 263. Observe, with how much art Virgil has introduced all those ideas of silence, vacuity, and darkness, when he is going to introduce his Hero Hero to the inferinil regions, and to disclose L i C T. the secrets of the great deep. Dii quibus imperium eft animarun, umbreque silentes, Et Chaos, et Phlegethon, loca nocle filentia late, Sit mihi fas audita loqui; sit numine vefro Pandere res alta terra, & caligine inerfas. Ibant obfcuri, sola sub noea, per umbram, Perque domos Ditis vacuos, et inania regna; Quale per incertam lunam, sub luce maligna Es iter in fylvis *. These passages I quote at present, not so much as instances of Sublime Writing, though in themselves they truly are so, as to show, by the effect of them, that the objecs which they present to us, belong to the class of sublime ones. OBSCURITY , we are farther to remark, is not unfavourable to the Sublime . Though * Ye subterranean Gods, whose awful way The gliding ghosts and silent shades obey; O Chaos, hear! and Phlegethon profound! Whose solemn empire lwretches wide around! Give me, ye great tremendous powers! to tell Of scenes and wonders in the depths of Hell; Give me your mighty secrets to display, From those black realms of darkness to the day. PITT. Obscure they went; through dreary shades, that led Along the waste dominions of the dead; As wander travellers in woods by night, By the moon's doubtful and malignant light. Dr it it L E C T. it, render the objet indiftin&f, - the impreflon, .a. however, may be great; for, as an ingenious Author has well observed, it is one thing to. make an idea clear, and another to make it affecting to. the imagination ; and the imagination may be strongly affected, and,. in