go, at my command. Thy ignorance alone can cause thy fears, Thou know'l not what a freight thy vessel bears; Thou know'st not I am he to whom 'tis given, Never to want the care of watchful heaven. Obedient fortune waits my lhumble thrall, And always ready, comes before I call. Let winds, and seas, loud wars at freedom wage, And wade upon themselves their empty rage, A stronger, mightier demon is thy friend, Thou, and thy bark, on c tfar fate depend. Thou dand'fl amazed to view this dreadful cene, And wonder'lt what the Gods and Fortune mean But artfully their bounties thus they rise, And from my danger arrogate new praise: Amidli the fears of death they bid me live, And fill enhance what they are fiue tq give. Rows, G 3 "and L El T. C and bending his sable brows, gave the awful "- "s nod; while he shook the celestial locks of " his immortal head, all Olympus was shaken." Mr. Pope translates it thus: He spoke; and awful bends his sable brows, Shakes his ambrosial curls, and gives the nod, The samp of fate, and fanetion of a God. High Heaven with trembling the dread signal took, And all Olympus to its centre shook. THE image is spread out, and attempted to be beautified; but it is, in truth, weakened. The third line" The stamp of fate, and fancion of a God," is merely expletive; and introduced for no other reason but to fill up. the rhyme; for it interrupts the description, and clogs the image. For the same reason, out of mere compliance with the rhyme, Jupiter is represented as shaking his locks before he gives the nod; -" Shakes his ambro" " curls, and gives the nod," which is trifling, and without meaning. Whereas, in the original, the hair of his head shaken, is the effect of his nod, and makes a happy picturesque circumfiance in the description *. THE boldness, freedom, and variety of our blank verse, is infinitely more favourable than rhyme, to all kinds of Sublime poetry. The fullest proof of this is afforded by Milton; an * See Webb on the Beauties of Poetry. author author whose genius led him eminently to the L Ec T' Sublime . The whole first and second books of Paradise Lost, are continued instances of it... Take only, for an example, the following noted description of Satan, after his fall, appearing at the head of the infernal hosts -- -- -- He, above the rest, In ihape and gesture proudly eminent, Stood like a tower: his form had not yet lost All her original brightness, nor appeared Less than archangel ruined ; and the excess Of glory obscured : As when the fun, new risen, Looks through the horizontal misty air, Shorn of his beams; or, from behind, the moon, In dim eclipse, difalfrous twilight sheds On half the nations, and with fear of change Perplexes monarchs. Darkened so, yet shone Above them all th' Archangel. -- Here concur a variety of sources of the Sublime : The principal object eminently great; a high superior nature, fallen indeed, but erecing itself against distress; .the grandeur of the principal object heightened, by associating it with so noble an idea as that of the fun suffering an eclipse; this picture shaded with all those images of change and trouble, of darkness and terror , which coincide so finely with the Sublime emotion; and the whole expressed in a style and versification, easy, natural, and simple, but magnificent. G 4 I HAVE L epc T. I HAVE spoken of simplicity and concise. ^-. as essential to Sublime Writing. In my general description of it, I mentioned Strength, as another necessary requisite. The Strength of description arises, in a great measure, from a simple conciseness; but, it supposes also something more; namely, a proper choice of circumstances in the description, so as to exhibit the object in its full and most striking point of view. For every objet has several faces, so to speak, by which it may be presented to us, according to the circumstances with which we surround it; and it will appear eminently Sublime , or not, in proportion as all these circurntances are happily chosen, and of a Sublime kind. Here lies the great art of the writer; and indeed, the great difficulty of Sublime description. If the description be too general, and divested of circumstances, the object appears in a faint light; it makes a feeble impression, or no impression at all, on the reader. At the same time, if any trivial or improper circumstances are mingled, the whole is degraded. A STQRM or tempest , for instance, is a Sublime objet in nature. But, to render it Sublime in description, it is not enough, either to give us mere general expressions concerning the violence of the tempest , or to describe its common, vulgar effects, in overthrowing throwing trees and houses; It muff bel C T. painted with such circumstances as fill the _ mind with great and awful ideas. This is very happily done by Virgil, in the followvin. passage: Ipse Pater, media nimborum in nolae, corufcc Fulmina molitur dextra; quo maxima motu Terra tremit; fugere ferne; & mortalia corda, Per gentes humilis ftravit pavor: Ille flahgranti Aut Atho, aut Rhodopen, aut alta Ceraunia; tela Dejicit*. -- -- GEORG. I, Every circumstance in this noble description is the produltion of an imagination heated and astonished with the grandeur of the object. If there be any defect, it is in the words immediately following those I have. quoted; " Ingeminant Auftri, et deniffimus ' imber; " where the transition is made too hastily, I am afraid, from the preceding * The Father of the Gods his glory Ihrouds, Involved in tempells, and a night of clouds; And from the middle darkness flalhing ou, By fits he deals his fiery bolts about. Earth feels the motions of her angry God, Her entrails tremble, and her mountains nod, And flvinh