necessary to the purpose of my Lectures, that all these flould be examined fully; the pleasure which we receive from discourse, 'or writing, being the main.objec of them. All that I propose, is to give same openings into the Plea VOL. I. E sures IR . C a'. sures of Taste in general; and to insist more pars., _ ticularly upon Sublimity and Beauty. WE are far from having yet attained to any system concerning this subject. Mr. Addison was the first who attempted a regular inquiry, in his Essay on the Pleasures of the Imagination , published in the sixth volume of the Specator. He has reduced these Pleasures under three heads; Beauty, Grandeur, and Novelty. His speculations on this subject, if not exceedingly profound, are, however, very beautiful and entertaining; and he has the merit of having opened a track, which was before unbeaten. The advances made since his time in this curious part of philosophical Criticism, are not very considerable; though some ingenious writers have pursued the subject. This is owing, doubtless, to that thinness and fubtility which are found to be properties of all the feelings of Taste . They are engaging objects; but when we would lay firm hold of them, and, subjec them to a regular discussion, they are always ready to elude our grasp. It is difficult to make a full enumeration of the several objects that give pleasure to Taste ; it is more difficult to define all those which have been discovered, and to reduce them under proper classes; and when we would go far Eher, and investigate the efficient causes of the pleasure which we receive from such objects, here, above all, we find ourselves at a loss. For infiance; we all learn by experience, that certain figures of bodies bodies appear to us more beautiful than others. On L E C T. in. inquiring farther, we find that the regularity of some figures, and the graceful variety of others, are the foundation of the beauty which we discern in them; but when we attempt to go a step beyond this, and inquire what is the cause of regularity and variety producing in our minds the sensation of Beauty, any reason we can assign is extremely imperfec. These first principles of internal sensation, nature seems to have covered with an impenetrable veil. IT is some comfort, however, that although the efficient cause be obscure , the final cause of those sensations lies in many cafes mole open: and, in entering on this subject, we cannot avoid taking notice of the strong impression which : he powers of Taste and Imagination are calculated to give us of the benignity of our Creator. By endowing us with such powers, he hath widely enlarged the sphere of the pleasures of human life; and those too of a kind the most pure and innocent. The necessary purposes of life might have been abundantly answered, though our senses of feeing and hearing had only served to distinguish external ob jes, without conveying to us any of those refined and delicate sensations of Beauty and Grandeur, with which we are now so much delighted. This additional embellishment and glory, which, for promoting our entertainment, the Author of Nature hath poured forth upon his works, is one E a striking L ECT. triking testimony, among many others, of ... benevolence and goodness. This thought, which Mr. Addison first farted, Dr. Akenfide, in his Poem on the Pleasures of the Imagination , has happily pursued. - Not content With every food of life to nourish man, By kind illusions of the wondering sense, Thou mak'ft all nature, Beauty to his eye, Or Music to his ear. I SHALL begin with considering the Pleasure which arises from Sublimity or Grandeur, of which I propose to treat at some length; both, as this has a characer more precise and distinctly marked, than any other of the Pleasures of the Imagination , and as it coincides more direcly with our main sub je. Sot the greater diftintnefs I shall, first, treat of the Grandeur or Sublimity of external objets themselves, which will employ the rest of this Lecture; and, afterwards, of the description of such objects, or of what is called the Sublime in Writing, which shall be the subject of a following Secure. I distinguish these two things from one another, the Grandeur of the objects themselves when they are presented to the eye, and the def cription.of that Grandeur in discourse or writing; though most Critics, inaccurately I think, blend them together; and I confider Grandeur and Sublimity as terms synonymous, or nearly so. If there be any diftinaion between them, it arises 3 from from Sublimity's exprefing Grandeur in its highest L E C T. degree -- T IT is not easy to describe, in words, the precise impression which great and sublime objecs make upon us, when we behold them; but every one has a conception of it. It produces a sort of internal elevation and expansion; it raises the mind much above its ordinary state; and fills it with a degree of wonder and astonishment , which it cannot well express. The emotion is certainly delightful; but it is altogether of the serious kind: a degree of awfulness and solemnity, even approaching to severity, commonly attends it when at its height; very distinguishable from the more gay and brisk emotion raised by beautiful objects. THE fmpleft form of external Grandeur appears in the vast and boundless prospects presented to us by nature; such as wide extended plains, to which the eye can see no limits; the firmament of Heaven; or the boundless expanse of the Ocean. All vastness produces the impression of Sublimity . It is to be remarked, however, that space, extended in length, makes not so strong an impression as height or depth. Though a boundless plain be a grand objet, yet a high mountain , to which we ' See a Philosophical Inquiry into the Origin of our Ideas of the Sublime