and Beautiful. Dr. Gerard on Taste , Session If. Elements of Criticilfr, Chap. IV £ 3 look L e T. look up, or an awful precipice or tower whence we look down on the objets which lie below, is fill more so. The excessive Grandeur of the firmament arises from its height, joined to its boundless extent; and that of the ocean, not from its extent alone, but from the perpetual motion and irresistible force of that mass of waters. Wherever space is concerned, it is clear, that amplitude or greatness of extent, in one dimension or other, is necessary to Grandeur. Remove all bounds from any objet, and you presently render it sublime . Hence infinite space, endless numbers, and eternal duration fill the mind with great ideas. FROM this some have imagined , that vastness , or amplitude of extent, is the foundation of all Sublimity . But I cannot be of this opinion, because many objecs appear sublime which have no relation to space at all, Such, for instance, is great loudness of sound. The burst of thunder or of cannon, the roaring of winds, the shouting of multitudes, the sound of vast cataracs of water, are all inconteftibly grand objects, "( I heard the f, voice of a great multitude, as the sound of many ' waters, and of mighty thpnderings, saying(' (' In general we may observe, that great power and force exerted, always raise sublime ideas; and perhaps the most copious source of these is derived from this quarter. Hence the grandeur of earthquakes and burning mountains ; of great 'pnflagrations; of the stormy ocean, and over flowiog flowing waters; of tempests of wind; of thunder L E C T. and lightning; and of all the uncommon violence of the elements. Nothing is more sublime than mighty power and strength. A stream that runs within its banks, is a beautiful objet: but when it. rushes down with the impetuosity and noise of a torrent, it presently becomes a sublime one. From lions, and other animals of strength, are drawn sublime comparisons in poets. A racehorse is looked upon with pleasure; but it is the warhorse" " neck is clothed with thunder ," that carries grandeur in its idea. The engagement of two great armies, as 'it is the highest exertion of human might, combines a variety of sources of the Sublime ; and has accordingly been always considered as one of the most firiking and magnificent spectacles that can be either presented to the eye, or exhibited to the imagination in description. FOR the farther illufiration of this subject, it is proper to remark, that all ideas of the solemn and awful kind, and even bordering on the terrible, tend greatly to assist the Sublime ; such as darkness, solitude, and silence. What are the scenes of nature that elevate the mind in the highest degree, and produce the sublime sensation? Not the gay landscape, the flowery field, or the flou riffing city; but the hoary mountain , and the solitary lake; the aged forest, and the torrent falling over the rock. Hence too, night fcenes are commonly the most sublime . The firmament when filled with stars, scattered in such vast numbers, E * s4 ~ and, L E C T. and with such magnificent profusion, strikes the imagination with a more awful grandeur, than when we view it enlightened with all the splendour of the Sun. The deep soond of a great bell, or the striking of a great clock, are at any time grand; but, when heard amid the silence and stillness of the night, they become doubly so. Darkness is very commonly applied for adding sublimity to all our ideas of the Deity. " He maketh " darkness his pavilion; he dwelleth in the thiclk " cloud." So Milton: -- How oft, amidst Thick clouds and dark, does Heaven's all ruling Sire Choose to reside, his glory unobfcur'd, And, with the Majesty of darkness, round Circles his throne - Boor II 263. qoberve, with how much art Virgil has introduced all those ideas of silence, vacuity, and darkness, when he is going to introduce his Hero to the infernal regions, and to disclose the secrets of the great deep. Dii quibus imperium eft animarum, umbreque silentes, Et Chaos, et Phlegethon, loca node filentia late, Sit mihi fas audita loqui; sit numine veftro Pandere res altd terra, ct calligine merfas. Ibant obfcuri, sola sub node, per umbram, Perque domos Ditis vacuos, et inania regna, q0ale per incertam lunamr, sub luce maligna Eit iter III fylvis --. These * Ye subterranean Gods, whole awful sway The gi.ding glhofs and silent ihades obey; Q Chaos, These passages I quote at present, not so much as L E, T. instances of Sublime Writing, though in themn -. selves they truly are so, as to slew, by the effect of them, that the objects which they present to us, belong to the class of sublime ones. OBSCURITY , we are farther to remark, is not unfavourable to the Sublime . Though it render the object indiltin&, the impression, however, may be great; for, as an ingenious author has well observed, it is one thing to make an idea clear, and another to make it asseting to the imagination ; and the imagination may be Itrongly affecaed, and, in sac, often is so, by objects of which we have no clear conception. Thus we see, that almost all the descriptions given us of the appearances of supernatural Beings, carry some Sublimity , though the conceptions which they afford us be confused and indiftint. Their Sublimity arises from the ideas, which they always convey, of superior power and might, joined with an awful obscurity . We O Chaos, hear! and Phlegethon profound! Whose solemn empire stretches wide around! Give me, ye great tremendous powers! to tell Of scenes and wonders in the depths of Hell Give me your mighty secrets to display, From those black realms of darkness to the day. PITT. Obrcure they went; through dreary thades, that led Along the waste