Let winds, and seas, loud wars at freedom wage, And wale upon themselves their empty rage, A ironger, mightier Damon is thy friend, Thou, and thy bark, on Csfar's fate depend. Thou ftand'ft amazed to view this dreadful scene, And wonder'll what the Gods and Fortune mean; But artfully their bounties thus they raise, And from my danger arrogate new praise: Amidtf the fears of death they bid me live, And still enhance what they are sure to give. rowe. 9 "his L E C T. C his sable brows, gave the awful nod; while he G." ." the celestial locks of his immortal head, "all Olympus was shaken." Mr. Pope translates it thus: He spoke; and awful bends his sable brows, Shakes his ambrosial curls, and gives the nod, The stamp of fate, and fancion of a God. High Heaven with trembling the dread signal took, And all Olympus to its centre (hook. THE image is spread out, and attempted to be beautified; but it is, in truth, weakened. The third line" The stamp of fate, and sanction of " a God," is merely expletive; and introduced for no other reason but to fill up the rhyme; for it interrupts the description, and clogs the image. For the same reason, out of mere compliance with the rhyme, Jupiter is represented as shaking his locks before he gives the nod; -" Shakes his am" " curls, and gives the nod," which is trifling, and without meaning. Whereas, in the original, the hair of his head shaken, is the effet of his nod, and makes a happy piaurefque circumstance in the description *. THE boldness, freedom, and variety of our blank verse, is infinitely more favourable than rhyme, to all kinds of Sublime poetry. The fullest proof of this is afforded by Milton; an author whose * See Webb on the Beauties of Poetry. genius genius led him eminently to the Sublime . The L E T. whole first and second books of Paradise Lost, are continued instances of it. Take only, for an example, the following noted description of Satan, after his fall, appearing at the head of the infernal hosts: He, above the rest, In liape and gesture proudly eminent, Stood like a tower: ilis form had not yet lost All her original brightlefs, nor appeared Less than archangel ruined ; and the excess Of glory obscured : As when the fun, new risen, Looks through the horizontal mirly air, Shorn of his beams; or, from behind the moon, In dim eclipse, difaitrous twilight (heds On half the nations, and with fear of change Perplexes monarchs. Darkened so, yet shone Above them all th' Archangel. Here concur a variety of sources of the Sublime : the principal objet eminently great; a high superior nature, fallen indeed, but erecting itself against distress; the grandeur of the principal object heightened, by associating it with so noble an idea as that of the fun suffering an eclipse; this picture Ihaded with all those images of change and trouble, of darkness and terror , which coincide so finely vith the Sublime emotion; and the Whole expressed in a style and verrification, eaf>, natural, and flmple, but magnific; n t. I HAVE spoken of simplicity and conciseness as essential to Sublime v ritng. In my general de icription E C T. scription of it, I mentioned Strength, as another -- y1 » necessary requisite. The Strength of description arises, in a great measure, from a simple conciseness; but, it supposes also something more; namely, a proper choice of circumstances in the description, so as to exhibit the object in its full and most striking point of view. For every objet has several faces, so to speak, by which it may be presented to us, according to the circumstances with which we surround it; and it will appear eminently Sublime , or not, in proportion as all there circumstances are happily chosen, and of a Sublime kind. Here lies the great art of the writer; and indeed, the great difficulty of Sublime defcriplion. If the description be too general, and divested of circumstances, the objec appears in a faint light; it makes a feeble impression, or no impression at all, on the reader. At the same time, if any trivial or improper circumstances are mingled, the whole is degraded. A STORM or tempest , for instance, is a Sublime objet in nature. But, to render it Sublime in defcriprion, it is not enough, either to give us mere general expressions concerning the violence of the tempest , or to describe its common vulgar effects, in overthrowing trees and houses. It must be painted with such circumstances as fill the mind with great and awful ideas. This is very happily done by Virgil, in the following passage: Ipfc LECT. tpfe Pater, media nimborum in node, corufca IV Fulmina mnolitur dext'a; quo maxima motu r Terro tremit; fugere fere; et mortalia corda, Per gentes humilis ftravit pavor: Ille, flagranti Aut Atho, aut Rhodopen, aut alta Ceraunia telo idejicit`.. GEORG. I. Every circumstance in this noble description is the produ&tion of an imagination heated and astonished with the grandeur of the object. If there be any defect, it is in the words immediately following those I have quoted; ' " Ingeminant Auftri, et ut denfiflimas imber; " where the tranlition is made too hastily, I am afraid, from the preceding Sublime images, to a thick shower, and the blowing of the south wind; and flews how difficult it frequently is, to descend with grace, without seeming to fall. a The Father of the Gods his glory shrouds Involved in tempests , and a night of clouds: And from the middle darkness flalhing out, By fits he deals his fiery bolts about. Earth feels the motions of her angry God, Her entrails tremble, and her mountains nod, And flying beatis in forests seek abode. Deep horror seizes every human breast; Their pride is humbled, and their fears confessed While he, from high, his rolling thunder throws, And