And what is remarkable, the painting preserves the same charater, not only when he is supposed descending to take vengeance upon the wicked, but even when he exerts the like plenitude of power in acs of beneficence to mankind.. Tremble thou earth! at the presence of the Lord; at the presence of the God of Jacob; which turned the rock intojianding water, te flint into a fountain of waters! It were endless to enumerate all the passages, both in the sacred and profane writers, which eftablith the general sentiment of mankind, concerning the inseparable union of a sacred and reverential awe , with our ideas of the divinity. Hence the common maxim, Primos in orb deos fecit timor. This maxim may be, as I believe it is, false with regard to the origin of religion. The maker of the maxim saw how inseparable there ideas were, without considering that the notion of some great power must be always precedent to our dread of it. But this dread must necessarily follow the idea of such a power, when it is once excited in the mind. it is on this principle that true religion has, and must have, of large a mixture 'i talu tary fear; and that false religions havegenerally nothing else but fear to support them. Before the Christian religion had, as it were, humanised the idea of the Divinity, and brought § it it somewhat nearer to us, there was very little laid of the love of God. The followers of Plato have something of it, and only Something; the other writers of pagan antiquity, whether poets or philosophers, nothing at all. And they who confider with what infinite attention, by what a disregard of every perishable object, through what long habits .of piety and contemplation it is, any man is able to attain an entire love and devotion to the Deity, will easily perceive, that it is not the first, the moult natural, and the most striking effect which proceeds from that idea. Thus we have traced power through its several gradations unto the highest of all, where our imagination is finally lost; and we find terror , quite throughout the progress, its inseparable companion, and growing along with it, as far as we can possibly trace them. Now, as power is undoubtedly a capital source of the sublime , this will point out evidently from whence its energy is derived, and to what class of ideas we ought to unite it. SECT. VI P R I V A T O N. AL L general privations are great, because they are all terrible; Macuitv, Darkness, Solitude, and Silence. With what a fire of imagination , yet with what severity of judgement, has Virgil amassed all these circnmftances, where Ite knows that all the images of a tremendous dignity ought to'be united, at the mouth of hell! where, before he Unlocks the secrets of the great deep, he seems to be seized with t' eli gious horror , and to retire aftoniihed at the boldness of his own design: 9 Di DI quibus imperium ejf animarum, umbraque silentest Et Chaos, et Plegetbon I loca note filentia laut Sit mibifas audita loquil sit numine vef ro Pandere res alta terra et caligine merfas I Ibant obfcuri, folafub noae, per umbram, Perque domos Ditis vacuas, et inania regna. Ye subterraneous gods! whose awful sway l'be gliding gbojfs, and silent Jades obey; 0 Chaos, bear I and Pbegetbon profound Whbofefolemn empire Jlretcbes wide around! Give me, ye great tremendous powers, to tell Offcenes and wonders in the depth of bell: Give meyour migbtyfecrets to display From those black realms of darkness to the day. PITT. Obscure they went through dreary shades that led Along the waste dominions of the dead. . drydeni. S E C T.. VIL V A S T N E S S. GREATNESS * of dimension is a powerful cause of, tlr sublime . This is too evident, and the.obfervation to common, to need any illustration; it is not so common to confider in what ways greatness of dimension, vastness of extent or quantity, has the most firiking effect. For certainly, there are ways, and modes, wherein the same quantity of extension shall produce greater effects than it is fountdi Part IV see. 9, v~~~g~~v~~r~~g o to do in others. Extension is either in length, height, or depth. Of these the length fttikes least; an hundred yards of even ground will never work such an effect as a tower an hundred yards high, or a rock or mountain of that altitude. I am apt to imagine likewise, that height is less grand than depth; and that we are more struck at looking down from a precipice, than looking up at an objet of equal height; but of that I am not very positive. A perpendicular has more force in forming the sublime , than an inclined plain; and the effects of a rugged and broken surface seem ifronger than where it is fnooth and polished. It would carry us out of our way to enter in this place into the cause of these appearances; but certain it is they afford a large and fruitful field of speculation. However, it may not be amiss to add to these remarks upon magnitude, that, as the great extreme of dimension is sublime , so the last extreme of littleness is in some measure sublime likewise; when we attend to the infinite divisibility of matter, when we pursue animal life into there excessively small, and yet organised beings, that escape the nicest inquisition of the sense, when we push our discoveries yet downward, and confider those creatures so many degrees yet smaller, and the still diminifling scale of existence, in tracing which the imagination is lost as well as the sense, we become amazed and confounded at the wonders of minuteness; nor can we distinguish in its effet this extreme of littlenefi from the vast itsef. For division must be infinite as well as addition; because the idea of a perfect