for all the virtues accompany, indeed compose the perception;. for none, I imagine , can have a perception of grace, that has none of the charms of virtue. The sentiment of grace, caused by the motion of beauty, music, poetry, beneficence, compalion, ( 16) compassion, c. may be ranked as the highest intellectual pleasure the mind is capable of perceiving; and brings with it a sort of undetermined consciousness of the delicacy of our own perceptions in making the discovery, a degree of that glorying that Longinus observes always accompanies'the perception of the sublime ! You can no more define grace, than you can happiness. The mind cannot so steadfastly behold it, as to investigate its real properties. Grace is indeed the point of happiness in the ideal region, both because it arises spontaneously, without effort, c. and because it seems partly within our own power, and partly without it. As common-sense, in my fundamental circle, seems diffusive truth; so grace, in my ideal circle, seems diffusive sublimity ; every perception of the former seems to be tinged as it were, with the colour of the latter. section 4. Sublimity . WHERE pure grace ends, the awe of the sublime begins, ' composed of the influence of ( 7) pain, of pleasure, of grace, and deformity, playing into each other, that the mind is unable to determine which to call it, pain, pleasure, or terror ! without a conjunaion of these powers there could be no sublimity . Those only who have passed through the degrees, common Jenje, truth, and grace, i. e. the Sentiment of grace, can have a sentiment of sublimity . It is the mild admiration of grace railed to wonder and astonishment ! to a sentiment of power, out of our power to produce, or control. Grace must have been as familiar to the intellect, in order to discover Sublimity , ast common-sense in the common region must have been to the discovery of truth and beauty. In fine, genius , or taste , which is the sentiment of grace, and which I have called the common-sense of the ideal region, can alone discover the true sublime . It is a pinnacle of beatitude, bordering upon horror , deformity, madness! an eminence from whence the mind that dares to look farther is lost! It seems to stand, or rather to waver, between certainty and uncertainty, between security and delfrudion. D It ( i8) It is the point of terror , of undetermined fear, of undetermined power! The idea of the supreme Being, is, I imagine , in every breast, from the clown to the greatest philosopher, his point of sublimity ! CHAPTER ( i9) CHAPTER II On the ORIGIN of our IDEAS of BEA UTT. IN proportion as the principles of beauty exiit in the common form, undetermined to the common eye, so do they exist in common sense undetermined to the common mind. It is cultivation that calls them into view, gives them a determined form, creates the object, and the perception, that -- - Truth and good are one, And beauty dwells in them, and they in her.' But though all truth resolves into one truth, one beauty, one good, as all colours resolve into one light; though the fcientifical intel letual colours, classes, or leading principles of science, the phbfical, the moral, the metaphysical, cc. resolve into intelletual light, beauty, or good; it is, I imagine , the moral truth, that is the charateriftic truth of beauty; for were we to analyse the pleasing * Akenfide. D 2 emotions ( 20) emotions we feel at the sight of beauty, we should, I imagine , find them composed of our most refined moral affections; and hence the universal interesting charm of beauty. And as those affections refine by culture, hence the different degrees of the sentiments which beauty creates in the rustic, and in the man of taste ; the former perceives only the physical charm of beauty, the frefinefs of colour, the bloom of youth, chut to a man of taste the physical pleases only through the medium of the moral. The body charms becalje tbejoul isfeen. Beauty in his breast is the source from whence endless fireanms of fair ideas flow, extending throughout the whole region of taste , no object of which but is more or less related to the principles of human beauty. But taste , though a subject almost inseparable from that of beauty, I must forbear to enlarge upon in this chapter, as I propose to make it the particular subject of my next. It is but at that period, at which we begin to perceive the charms of moral virtue, that we begin to perceive the real charms of beauty. It is true a man may attain by experience the knowledge ( 21) knowledge of its just proportions, without that concomitant sentiment. He may be unconscious of the charateriftic moral charm resulting from the whole: and an artist, I imagine , by habitual practice of the rules which constitute beauty, may produce forms which charm the moral sense of others, without being conscious of it himself; the utmost limit of the rules of the imitative arts being so intimately united with the intuitive principles of taste , or refined moral sense, that the mind in general cannot distinguish where the one ends, or the other begins. The artist who separates them, leans on the second cause instead of the first. As the firongeft proof that the moral sense is the governing principle of beauty, we may remark that the human form from infancy to old age has its peculiar beauty annexed to it from the virtue or affection that nature gives it, and which it exhibits in the countenance. The negative virtue innocence, is the beauty of the child; the more formed virtues, benevolence, generosity, compafiion, care the virtues of youth and its beauty; the fixed and determined virtues, justice, temperance, fortitude (22 titude, c. compose the beauty of manhood the philosophic and religious cast of countenance is the beauty of old age. Now were anyof these expressions misapplied, ie.