dry up thy rivers; "that faith of Cyrus,. he is my shepherd, "and shall perform all my pleasure; even, "saying to Jerusalem, thou shalt be built; and "' and to the Temple, thy foundation shall "be laid." Homer has, in all ages, been universally admired for sublimity ; and he is indebted for much of his grandeur to that native and unaffected simplicity' which characterises his manner. His descriptions of conflicting armies; the spirit, the fire, the rapidity which he throws into his battles, present to every reader of the Iliad frequent instances of sublime writing. The majesty of his warlike scenes are often heightened, in a high degree, by the introduction of the Gods. In the twentieth book, where all these superior beings take part in the engagement, according as they severally favour either the Grecians or the Trojans, the poet appears to put forth one of his highest efforts; and the description rites into the most awful magnificence. All nature seems to be in commotion. Jupiter thunders through the sty; Neptune smites the earth with his trident; the ships, the city, and the mountains tremble; the earth shakes to its centre; Pluto leaps from his throne, fearing least the secrets of the infernal regions should be laid open to the view of mortals. We Shall transcribe Mr. Pope's translation of this pafage; which, though perhaps inferior to the original, is yet highly animated and sublime . But But when the powers defceading fwell'd the sight, Then tumult rose, fierce rage, and: pale ffright: Now through' the trembling Ihores Minerva calls, And now she thunders from the Giecian walls; Mars, hov'ring.o'er his Troy, his terror shrouds In gloomy tenmpets, and a night of clouds; Now through' eaph Trojan heart he fury pours With voice divine, from lion's topmost towers; Above, the Sire of Gds his thunder rolls, And peals on peals redoubled rend tlhe poles; Beneath, fern Neptune shakes: the solid ground, The forests wave, the mountains nod around; Through' all her fummirs tremble Ida's woods, And from their fources boil her hundred floods; Troy's turrets ittter on the rocking plain, Arid the tossed navies beat the heaving main; Deep in the difinal region of the dead, ' The infernal Monarch reared his horrid head, Leapt from this throne, les Neptune's arm should lay His dark dominions open to the day; And pour in light on Pluto's drear abodes, Abhorred by men, and dreadful even to Gods I Such wars the Immortals wage; such horrors iend The world's vast concave, when the Gods contend. Concifenes' and simplicity will ever be found 'essential to'fublirme writing. Simplicity is properly opposed to studied and profuse ornament; : and conciseness to superfluous expression. .It will easily appear, why a defect either in conciseness or finiplicity is peculiarly hurtful'to the sublime . The emnotion excited in the mind by some great or n6b!e''bje6t, raises it considerably above its common pitch. A species of enthuifafm is produced, extremely pleasing while it baits; but frpm which the mind is tending every every wp negt to fij, int. its ordingajr ite. hien,; an. auto. r, `heefref, li, brought, P.s., r; is e~adevpu.ring to brioig jus into this 'ate, if he mqiltiplies words unegiefirily,; if he dcks the fitblimr object,, : all fides, Wyith. giitterir g, ornanients;. nay,. if; he t3i4r, in anyone d.ecoratin,, wibhih falls in "the last below. the prj.ippa image, that moment he changes the key; .he "relaxes the tension of .the nind; the .rength.of the feelingis eaifculatei; d: the "eautiful may remaip, but, the Subtme: is no more ho rer', s cf rip.ioq of tlhe nod., of Jupiter, as, gliag; the he.ayes, has been nadmired, in. a,! ages, as ex; cefively fu.bli.e, 'Literally trenfl.ated,; it ru,; : tis: : ", : spoke, and " bendig his. fblre brows, gave the awful ". nos.:, wh .yhile h' lwooi the .ceeftial locks of "his; immortal head, all Olympus was" " pope,, it thust He spoke,; : and: .wful; hepids his sable brows, Shakes his amnbqlil curls, and givy^s.the nod, The Rfamp offa.te, and fan.oion of a god: High heaven with. tretnbling the dread signal took, And all olymnpus to its centre shook. The. image is expanded, and attempted to.be beautified; but, in reality, it is weakened. The third line" Thie .stamp sos .fate, an 'fanf'tiln of a God,, expletive; and..introduc d only to fill: up the rhyme; for it interrupts the description, .on, and clogs the image. For the same reason, Jupiter is represented as shaking his locks before he gives the nod: "' Shakes his ambrosial curls, and gives the nod; " which is trifling and insignificant: whereas, in the original, the hair of his head shaken is the consequence of his nod, and makes a happy picturesque circumstance in the description.,. The boldness, freedom, and variety of; our blank verse, is infinitely more propiti i ous than'rhyme, to all kinds of sublime poetry. The fullest' evidence of this is as forded by Milton.; an author whfe . genius led him peculiarly to the Sublime . The whole first and second books of Paradise Lost are continued examples of it.' Take i only, for instance, the following noted description of Satan, after his fall, appearing at the head of his infernal hofs: .... -- --. -- -- He; above 'the reft, in.lhape and gefure proudly eminent, Stood like a tower; his form had not yetloft All her original brightness, nor appeared Less than Archange! ruined ; and the excess Of glory obscured : as when the.fun, new risen, Looks through' the horizontal mifly air, Shoren of his beams;. or, .from'behind, the moon, In dim eclipse, disastrous: twilight Sheds On'balf the nations, and with tear of change Perplexes monarchs. Darkened fb; yet shone Above them all th' Archangel. - Here Here a variety of sources of the sublime ,; are joined together; the principal object '.superlatively great, a high superior nature, : fallen indeed, but raising itfelfagainfi dif ttrefs; the grandeur of the principal object Hheightened, by connecting it with so noble Oan idea