AN E L EGY TO THE MEMO R Y OF THE Right Honourable EDMUND BURKE . BY THE REV. JOHN CHETWOOD EUSTACE. "HIS SALTEM ACCUMULEM DONIS." VIRGIL. LONDON: PRINTED FOR F. AND C RIVINGTON, NO. 62, ST. PAUL's CHURCH YARD; AND J. HATCHARD, NO. i73, PICCADILLY. 1798. THIS ELEGY, A SLIGHT TRIBUTE TO THE GENIUS AND VIRTUES OF THE LATE REVERED EDMUND BURKE , IS RESPECTFULLY INSCRIBED TO 1i1s TRULY GREAT AND ILLUSTRIOUS FRIEND EARL FITZWILLIAM, BY THE AUTHOR. ADVERTISEMENT. THE AUTHOR takes the Liberty of observing, that after having alluded, in the eighth Stanza, to Mr. BURKE's elegant Treatise on the Sublime , which frft introduced him to public Notice, he has attempted to iketch out his political Conduct in the AMERICAN War, during the Debates on IRISH Independence, and, at the Beginning of the FRENCH Revolution. He has dwelled with Complacency on his spirited Exertions in Support of Religion and Order in general, and the Honour and Independence of this Country in particular, and terminated that Part of his Subject by an Allusion to his posthumous Works, in the twenty fecond Stanza. He leaves the Reader to judge of the Propriety of the concluding Request, and abandoning the Whole to the Indulgence of the Public, hopes that this feeble Attempt will call forth the Powers of some greater Genius , and thus eventually give Rise to a Production more worthy the Subjet, the Patron, and the Nation. t( () AN ELEGY TO THE MEMOR Y, c. "Clarum et venerabile nomeln "Gentibus, et multunm nojtrc fquod proderat urbi." LUCAN. I. THE hollow knell resounds from yonder tower, And forms funereal thicken all around. The grave demands its prey the fatal hour Is struck- -- Death still murmurs in the sound. 2 ~ ~ ~ " - *.' !'* ( 8) 2. No common soul that awful warning calls, It tells the world a great career is over: The friend to freedom, order, virtue falls. Mourn, Albion, mourn, thy BURKE is now no more! 3. Then he is fallen !the wife, the good, the great, The generous patriot, the enlightened sage; The firmest pillar of the tottering state, Britannia's pride !the glory of our age! 4. The liar, whose radiance blazed along the skies, And poured through' distant realms a stream of light, The beaming guide that charmed our wondering eyes, Torn from its fphere is quenched in endless night. 5. Then, Britain, come approach the hallowed bier, Majestic bend in grief thy laurelled head, And drop over BURKE's remains one sacred tear, To, raise thy sage above the vulgar dead. . ( 9) 6. And since, alas! no earthly power can save The mortal part from Death's relentless doom, 0! snatch at least his virtues from the grave, And bid them. hine as trophies over his tomb. 7- O! bid thy Muse bestow the deathless meed, In lines of fire each glowing virtue trace, And hold up high each great, each noble deed, A bright example to thy future race. 8. Him hast thou seen with all the glow of youth, Up Reason's seep ascent adventurous climb, With eagle wing attempt the heights of truth, And gaze, undazzled, on the bright sublime . 9- When roused by envious Fate Contention rose, To tear thy well earned honours from thy head, When Britain's offspring joined with Britain's foes, And brave in vain, thy generous warriors bled: B ( io) 10. Then hast thou seen thy ardent patriot fiand, The rights of suffering Liberty proclaim, From blood and ruin save an hapless land, And chase the clouds that hovered round thy fame. It. When Erin, hapless island! long oppressed, Asserted high an injured sifter's right, The patriot fpoke affe6tion warmed thy breast, And Justice quelled the pride of tyrant might. I 2. (0! had the sage prevailed, and thou maintained Thy fov'reign rule, by mild and lenient arts, Then bliss and good Fitzwilliam still had reigned, And loyal love united kindred hearts.) i3. What, when emerged from hell's profound abyss, Infuriate demons ranged the Gallic shore, Beheld, with scowling eyes, thy public bliss, Panting to fate their thirst with English gore. ( II) 14. Awed by the terrors of thy conquering arm, The fiends in secret wrought the direful guile, In coward darkness spread the soul alarm, With rising faction shook thy peaceful isle: i5. Then rose thy guardian sage, experienced, wise, As truth severe, as youthful virtue warm, Tore from the lurking foe the mean disguise, And bared the horrors of his serpent form. 16. O! how thy generous sons enraptured, fired, Suspended, all in mute attention hung, While Virtue's felf the patriot's soul inspired, Inflamed his words, and thundered from his tongue. 17. Yet, did his accents vibrate on their ear, Thy potent arm upraised the regal shield, - Thy hand indignant seized the thirsty spear, - Thy martial legions rushed into the field. B 2 ( IZ) i8. Obedient Ocean fmooth'd her subject tide To bear thy daring sons from pole to pole, - Applauding Europe saw thy navies ride, And heard with joy thy vengeful thunders roll. i9. In vain thy treacherous foes with hell conspire, And route each dire deftrutive fiend; in vain; - Still in thy bosom glows thy native fire! And still thy honour shines without a stain! 20. Thus raised by heaven, one patriot fage alone Preserved thy hoarded flock of old renown, With feady hand upheld thy ancient throne, And saved the gems that glitter in thy crown. 21. Thine were his hopes, his fears, his wishes thine, To thee his days, to thee his nights were given, His eyes were sixed on thee fate gave the sign, And beckoning angels call him hence to heaven. ( 13) 22. But, as his spirit fled, it cast behind A look, to call thy latent virtue forth, To wake the lumbering vigour of thy mind, And rouse thy sons to deeds of ancient worth. 23. Then, Britain, come, in all the pomp of woe, The last tribute to thy