at least, intimately associated, by conducing our thoughts to Tome aftoniffing power, as concerned in the production of the objec. SUB. SUBLIMITY IX WRITING. THE foundation of the Sublime in Composition must always be laid in the nature of the objec described. We mutt except, however, such an objet as, if presented to our sight, if exhibited to us in reality, would excite ideas of that elevating, that awful and magnificent kind, which we call Sublime : the description, however finely drawn, is not entitled to be placed under this class. This excludes all objects which are merely beautiful, gay or elegant. Besides, the objea must not only in itfelfbe sublime , but it must be placed before us in such a light as is best calculated to give us a clear and full impression of it: it must be described with strength, with conciseness, and Iimplicity. This depends chiefly upon the lively impression which the poet or orator has of the objea which he exhibits; and upon his being deeply affeced and animated by the fiblime idea which he would convey. If his owi feeling be languid, he he can never inspire his reader with any strong emotion. Instances, which on this subjet are extremely necessary, will clearly show the importance of all these requisites. It is chiefly amongst the mois ancient authors that we are to look for the most ftiking in" fiances of the sublime . The early ages of the world, and the rude uncultivated state of society, appear to have been peculiarly favourable to the strong emotions of sublimity . The genius of mankind was then very prone to admiration and astonishment . Meeting continually with new and strange objeets, their imagination was kept glowing, and their passions were often under a high agitation. They thought and expressed themselves boldly, and without restraint. In the progress of society, the genius and manners of men have undergone a change more favourable to accuracy than to strength or sublimity . Of all writings, whether ancient or modern, the Sacred Scriptures afford us the most firiking intfances of the sublime . There the descriptions of the Supreme Being are wonderfully noble; both from the grandeur of the object, and the manner of representing it. What a collection of awful awful and sublime ideas is presented tous in that passage of the eighteenth psalm, where an appearance of the Deity is described! " In my distress I called upon the Lord he heard my "voice out of his temple, and my cry came " before him. Then the earth shook and trem " bled; the foundations of the hills were " moved; because he was wroth. He bowed " the heavens and came down, and darkness · was under his feet; and he did ride upon a cherub, and did fly; yea, he did fly upon the " wings of the winds. He made darkness his secret place: his pavilion round about him "were dark waters, and thick clouds of the " sky." The circumstances of darkness and terror are here applied with propriety and fuc. ess, for heightening the sublime . The celebrated instance given by Longinus, from Moses, " God said, let there be light; and " there was lighr," belongs to the true sublime ; and its fublimlty arises from the strong conception it con eys, of an effort of power producing ts effet with the utmost expedition and ease. A similar thought is magnificently expanded in the following passage of Isaiah (chap. XXIV 24, 24, 27, 28.) " Thus saith the lord, thy Re" " and he that formed thee from the "womb: I am the Lord that maketh all "things; that ftretcheth forth the heavens " alone; that fpreadeth abroad the earth by " myself; that faith to the deep, be dry, and r i " will dry up thy rivers; that faith of Cyrus, "he is my shepherd, and shall perform all my " pleasure; even, saying to Jerusalem, thou f ihalt be built; and to the Temple, thy foun " dation shall be laid." Homer has, during all ages, been universally admired for sublimity ; and he is indebted for much of his grandeur to that native and unaf sealed simplicity which characerizes his manner. His descriptions of conflicting armies; the spirit, the fire, the rapidity which he throws into his battles, present to every reader of the Iliad frequent instances of sublime writing. The majesty of his warlike scenes are often heigntened, in a high degree, by the introduction of the Gods. In the twentieth book, where all these superior beings take part in the engagement, according as they everally favour either the Grecians or the Trojans, the poet appears to put put forth one of his highest efforts; and the description rises into the most awful magnificence. 11 nature seems to be in commotion. Jupiter hunders through the sky; Neptune finites the earth with his trident; the Thips, the city, and he mountains tremble: the earth shakes to its entre; Pluto leaps from his throne, fearing lest he secrets of the infernal regions should be laid pen to the view of mortals. Wethall transcribe Ir. Pope's tranflaion of this passage; which, hough perhaps inferior to the original, i s yet ighly animated and sublime . But when the Powers descending fwell'd the sight, Then tumult rose, fierce rage, and pale afifight; Now through' the trembling shores Minerva calls, And now hie thunders from the Grecian walls; Mars, hovering over his Troy, his terror flrouds In gloomy tempests , and a night of clouds; Now through' each Trojan heart he fury pours ith voice divine, from Ilion's topmost towers; Above, the Sire of Gods his thunder rolls,. And peals on peals redoubled rend the poles; eneath, fern Neptune flakes the solid ground, he forests wave, the mountains nod around; hro' all her summits tremble Ida's woods, nd from their sources boil her hundred floods; roy's turrets totter on the rocking plain, nd the tossed navies beat the heaving main; C Deep Deep in