alone it cannot be acquired. As it is a higher faculty than Taste , it is ever, according to the common frugality of nature, more limited in the sphere of its operations. There are persons, not unfrequently to be met with, who have an excellent Taste in feyeral of the polite arts; such as music, poetry, painting, and eloquence, altogether: but an excellent execution in all these arts is very seldom found in any individual; or rather, indeed, is not to be looked for. An univ: rfal Genius , or one who is equally and indifferently inclined towards several different pro fcflions and arts, is not likely to excel in any. Although there may be tome few exceptions, yet in general it is true, that when the bent of the mind is wholly direced towards some one ob jeat, exclusively, as it were, of others, there is the the fairest profpee of eminence in that, whatever it may be. Extreme heat can be produced only when the rays converge to a single point, Young people are highly interested in this remark;. since it may teach them to examine with care, and to pursue with ardour, that pathwhich nature has marked out for their peculiar exertions. The nature of Taste , the importance of Criticism, and the diftinetion between Taste and Genius , being thus explained; the sources of the Pleasures of Taste stall next be considered. Here a very extensive field. is opened; no less than all the Pleasures of the Imagination , as they are generally called, whether afforded us by natural objecs, or by imitations and descriptions of them. It is not, however, necessary to the purpose of the present Work, that all of them should be examined fully; the pleafilre which we receive from discourse, or writing, being the principal object of them. Our design is, togive some openings into the Pleasures of Taste in general; and to insist, more particularly, upon Sublimity and Beauty; B. 6 As. As yet, we are far from having attained to any system concerning this subject. A regular inquiry into it was first attempted by Mr. Addison, in his Essay on the Pleasures of the Imagination . By him these Pleasures are reduced under three heads; Beauty, Grandeur, and Novelty. His speculations on this subject, if not remarkably profound, are, however, very beautiful and entertaining; and he has the merit of having discovered a traa which was before untrod. Since his time, the advances which have been made in this part of philosophical cri ticifn are not considerable; which is owing, doubtless, to that thinness and subtlety, which are discovered to be properties of all the feelings of Taste . It is difficult to enumerate the several objecs which give pleasure to Taste ; it is more difficult to define all those which have been discovered, and to range them under proper classes; and when we would proceed farther, and investigate the efficient causes of the pleasure which we receive from such objects, here we find ourselves at the greatest loss. For example; we all learn by experience, that some figures of bodies appear to us more beautiful than others; on farther there inquiry, we discover that the regularity of some figures, and the graceful variety of others, are the foundation of the beauty which we discern in them: but when we endeavour to go a step beyond this, and inquire what is the cause of regularity and variety producing in our minds the sensation of beauty, any reason we can pro. duce is extremely imperfect. Those first principles of internal sensation, nature appears to have ltudioufly concealed. It is some consolation, however, that although the efficient cause be obscure , the final cause of those sensations lies commonly more open: and here we muf observe, the strong impression which the powers of Taste and Imagination are calculated to give us of the benevolenice of our Creator. By these endowments, he hath widely enlarged the sphere of the pleasures of human life; and these, too, of a kind the most pure and innocent. The necessary purposes of life might have been amply answered, though our senses of feeing and hearing had only served to distinguish external objects, without giving us any of those refined and delicate sensations of beauty and grandeur, with which we are now so much delighted. The The pleasure which arises from sublimity or grandeur deserves to be fully considered;; it has a characer more precise and diftinaly marked, than any other of the pleasures of the imagination ; and because it coincides more direly with our main subject. The simplest form of external grandeur is seen in the vast and boundless profpeas presented to us by nature; such as wide extended plains, to which the eye can find no limits; the firmament of heaven;. or the boundless expanse of the ocean. All vastness produces an idea of sublimity . Space,. however extended in length, makes not so strong an impression as height or depth. Though a boundless plain be a grand object, yet a lofty mountain , to which we look up, or an awful precipice or tower, whence we look down on the objecs below, is fill more so. The excessive grandeur of the firmament arises from its height,. added to its boundless extent; and that of the ocean, not from its extent alone, but from the continual motion and irresistible impetuosity of that mass of waters. Wherever space is concerned, it is evident, that amplitude or greatness of extent, in one dimension or other, is inseparable rable from grandeur. Take away all bounds from any object, and you immediately render it sublime . Hence infinite space, endless numbers, and everlasting duration, fill the mind with great ideas. The most copious source of sublime ideas seems to be derived from the exertion of great power and force. Hence the grandeur of earthquakes and burning mountains ; of great conflagrations; of the boiiterous ocean; of the tempestuous storm; of thunder and lightning; and of all the unusual violence of the elements.