nourili man, By kind illusions of the wondering sense, Thou mak'ft all.nature, Beauty to his eye,. Or Music to his ear. I. SHALL begin with considering, the. Pleasure which arises from Sublimity or Grandeur, of which I propose to treat at some length; both, as this has a character more precise and distinctly marked, than any other, of the pleafures of the Imagination )., I, E C T. tion, and as it coincides more direaly with our main.fubje&. _, For the greater diftinanefs I ahall, first, treat of the Grandeur or Sublimity of external objects themselves, which will employ the rest of this Leaure; and, afterwards, of the description of such objects, or, of what is called the Sublime in Writing, which shall be the subjea of a following Leture. I distinguish these two things from one another, the Grandeur of the objeas themselves when they are presented to the eye, and the description of that Grandeur in discourse or writing; though most Critics, inaccurately I think, blend them together; and I confider Grandeur and Sublimity as terms synonymous, or nearly so. y59 If there be any diftintion between them, it arises from Sublimity's expreffing.grandeur in its highest degree. IT 'is not easy to describe, in woards, the.precife impression 'which great and sublime objecs make upon us, when we behold them; but every one has a conception of it., ^4 L z 2 ttl x^ nl78tn nfe thep mi;; raise el the mind much above its ordinary state; and fills it with a Iymww; e degree of wonder and astonishment , which it cannot well express. The emotion is certainly delightful; but it is altogether of the serious kind: a degree of awfulness and solemnity, even approaching to severity, commonly attends at when at its height.; very diffinguifhable from the more gay and brisk emotion raised by beautiful objets. tane simplest form of external Grandeur appears in the vast and boundless profpeas presented to us by nature; such as See a Philosophical Inquiry into the Origin of our Ideas of the sublime.and 'Beautiful. Dr. Gerard on Taste , Secion II Elements of Criticism, Chap. IV wide <iy/"?,, <^^^ i~ni ^^^?-/^ ^?-^^ wide extended plains, to which the eye can see no limits; the L E C T. firmament of Heaven : or the boundless expanse of the Ocean. All vastness produces the impression of Sublimity . It is to be remarked, however, that space, extended in length, makes not 6 so strong an impression as height or depth. Though a boundless plain be a grand objec, yet a high mountain , to which we look up, or an awful precipice or tower whence we look down on the objets which lie below, is frill more so. The excessive Grandeur of the firmament arises from its height, joined to its boundless extent; and that of the ocean,. not from its extent alone, but from the perpetual motion and irrefifible force of that mass of waters. Wherever space is concerned, it is clear, that amplitude or greatness of extent, in one dimension or aether, is necessary to Grandeur. Remove all bounds from any object, and you presently render it sublime . Hence infinite space, endless numbers, and eternal duration, fill the mind with great ideas.. FROM this some save imagined , that vastness , or amplitude'of extent, is the foundation of all Sublimity . But I cannot be of this opinion,, because many objecs appear sublime which have no relation.to space at all. Such, for instance, is great loudness of sound. The burst of thunder or of cannon,. the roaring of winds, the shouting of multitudes,, the sound of vast catarats of water, are all inconteftibly grand objects. " I heard the "voice of a great multitude,, as the sound of many waters, and "of mighty thunderings , saying Allclujah." In general we may observe, that great power and force exerted,, always raise sublime ideas: and perhaps the most copious source of there is derived.from this quarter.. Hence the grandeur of earthquakes. and. L E C T, and burning mountains ; of great conflagrations; of the stormy III, - ocean, and overflowing waters; of tempests of wind; of thunder and lightning; and of all the uncommon violence of the elements. Nothing is more sublime than mighty power and strength. A stream that runs within its banks, is a beautiful objeca; but when it rushes down with the impetuosity and noise of a torrent, it presently becomes a sublime one. From lions, and other animals of strength, are drawn sublime comparisons in poets. A race horse is looked upon with pleasure; but it is the warhorse" " neck is clothed with thunder ," that carries grandeur in its idea. The engagement of two great armies, as it is the highest exertion of human might, combines a variety of sources of the Sublime ; and has accordingly been always considered as one of the most striking and magnificent pedacles that can be either presented to the eye, or exhibited to.the imagination in description. FOR the farther illustration of this fubjct, it is proper to remark, that all ideas of the solemn arid awful kind, and even bordering .on the terrible, tend greally to assist the Sublime ; such as darkness, solitude, and silence. What are the scenes of nature that elevate the mind in the highflt degree, and produce the sublime sensation? Not the gay landscape, the flowery field, tr the flourishing city; but the hoary mountain , and the solitary lake; the aged forest, and the torrent falling over the rock. Hence too, night fcenes are commonly the most sublime . The firmament when filled with stars, scattered in such vast numbers, and with such magnificent profusion, strikes the imagination with a more awful grandeur, than when we view it enlightened by all the splendour of the Sun. The deep sound I of of a great bell, or the firiking of a great clock, are at any time L E C T. III grand; but, when heard amid the silence and flillnefs of the _ night, they become doubly