nature, fallen indeed, but ereaing itself against distress; the grandeur of the principal object heightened, by associating it with so noble an idea as that of the fun suffering an eclipse; this picure ihaded with all those images of change and trouble, of darkness and terror , which coincide so finely with the Sublime emotion; and the whole expressed in a style and versification, easy, natural, and simple, but magnificent. 06có I HAVE spoken of fimplicitity and conciseness, as essential to Sublime Writing. In my general description of it, I mentioned Strength, as another necessary requisite. Thet st ength of description arises, in a great measure, from a tinile conciseness; but, it supposes also something more; namncly, 1a proper choice of circumitances in the description, so as to exhibit the objec in its full and most striking point of view. For every object has several faces, so to speak, by which it may be presented to us, according to the circumstances with which we surround it; and it will appear eminently Sublime , or not, in proportion as all these circunlftances arc happily chosen, and of a Sublime kind. Here lies the great art of the writer; and indeed, the great difficulty of Sublime description. If the description be too general, and divefred of circuminftnces, the objet appears in a faint light; it makes a feeble impression, or no imprefion at all, on the reader. At the same time, if any trivial or improper circumstances are mingled, the whole is degraded. A STORM A STORM or tempest , for instance, is a Sublime object in L E C T. IV nature. But, to render it Sublime in description, it is not IV enough, either to give us mere general expressions concerning the violence of the tempest , or to describe its common, vulgar effects, in overthrowing trees and houses. It mufi be painted with such circumfiances as fill the mind with great and awful ideas. This is very happily done by Virgil, in the following passage: Ipse Pater, media nimborum in note, corufca Fulnina molitur dextra; quo maxima motu Terra tremit; fugere fere; & mortalia corda, Per gentes humilis ftravit pavor: Ille, flagranti Aut Arho, aut Rhodopen, aut alta Ceraunia telo Dejicit *. -- gorgn. I, Every circumstance in this noble description is the production of an imagination heated and astonished with the grandeur of the objecl If there be any defect, it is in the words immediately * The Father of the Gods his glory shrouds, Involved in tempests , and a night of clouds; And from the middle darkness flashing out, By fits he deals his fiery bolts about. Earth feels the motions of her angry God, Her entrails tremble, and her mountains nod, And flying beats in foreits seek abode. Deep horror seizes every human breast; Their pride is humbled, and their fears conset; While he, from high his rolling thunders throws, And fires the mountains with repeated blows; The rocks are from their old foundations rent; The winds redouble, and the rains augment. DRYDE... I L E C T. diately following those I have quoted; " Ingeminant Auftri, IV "et denfiffimus imber; " where the transition is made too hastily, I am afraid, from the preceding Sublime images, q9 o to a thick shower, and the blowing of the south wind; and thews how difficult it frequently is, to descend with grace, without seeming to fall. THE high importance of the rule which I have been now giving, concerning the proper choice of circumstances, when description is meant to be Sublime , seems to me not to have been sufficiently attended to. It has, however such a foundation in nature, as renders the least deflexion from it fatal. When a writer is aiming at the beautiful only, his descriptions may have improprieties in them, and yet be beautiful still. Some trivial, or misjudged circumstances, can be overlooked by the reader; they make only t.le difference of mnre or less; the gay, or plefildgg¢i otion, which he has raised, fubtifts still. But the cafe is quite different w: lithe Sublime . There, one trifling circumstance, one mean idea, is sufficient to desfroy the whole charm. This is owing to thl nature of the emotion aimed at by Sublime description, which admits of no mediocrity, and cannot subsist in a middle state; but muff either highly transport us, or, if unsuccessful in the execution, leave us greatly disgusted, and displeased. We attempt to rise along with the writer; the imagination is awakened, and put upon the stretch; but it requires to be supported; and if, in the midst _9 / of its effort, you desert it unexpecedly, down it comes with a painful shock. When Milton, in his battle of the angels, describes them as tearing up the mountains , and throwing them at one another; there are, in his description, as Mr. Ad 2 difon difon has observed, no circumstances but what are properly L E C T. IV Sublime : From their foundations loosening to and fro, They plucked the seated hills, with all their load, Rocks, waters, woods and by the shaggy tops Uplifting, bore them in their hands. -- Whereas Claudian, in a fragment upon the war of the giants, has contrived to render this idea of their throwing the mountains , which is in itself so grand, burlesque and ridiculous; by this single circumstance, of one of his giants with the mountain Ida upon his shoulders, and a river, which flowed from the mountain , running down along the giant's back, as he held it up in that posture. There is a description too in Virgil, which, I think, is censurable, though more slightly, in this refpedc. It is that of the burning mountain aetna; a subject certainly very proper to be worked up by a poet into a Sublime description:... .............. · -- -- -- I iorrificis juxta tonat jetna ruinis. Interdumque atram prorumpit ad arthera nubem, Turbine fumantem piceo, & candente favilla; Attollitque globos flammarum, & fidera lambit. Interdum fcopulos, avulfaque viscera