is not easy to describe, in words, the precise impression which great and sublime objects make upon us, when we behold them; but every one has a conception of it. It produces a sort of internal elevation and expansion; it raises the mind much above its ordinary state; and fills it with a degree of wonder and aftonifihment, which it cannot well express. The emotion is certainly delightful; but it is altogether of the serious kind: a degree of awfulness and solemnity, commonly attend it when at its height; very distinguishable from the more gay and brisk emotion raised by beautiful objects. The _ The simplest form of external grandeur appears in the vast and boundless profpeets presented to us by nature; such as wide extended plains, to which the eye can see no limits; the firmament of heaven; or the boundless expanse of the ocean. All vastness produces the impression of sublimity . It is to be remarked, however, that space, extended in length, makes not so strong an impression as height or depth. Though a boundless plain be a grand objec, yet a high mountain , to which we look up, or an awful precipice or tower whence we look down on the objects which lie below, is frill more so. The excessive grandeur of the firmament arises from its height, joined to its boundless extent; and that of the ocean, not from its extent alone, but from the perpetual motion and irresistible force of that mass of waters. where ever space is concerned, it is clear that amplitude or greatness of extent, in one dimension or other, is necessary to grandeur. Remove all bounds from any objec, and you presently render it sublime . Hence, infinite space, endless numbers, and eternal duration, fill the mind with great ideas. From this, some have imagined , that vastness , or: amplitude of extent, is the foundation of all fublimitv. But I cannot be of this opinion, because many objecs appear sublime , which have no relation to space at all. Such, for instance, is great loudness of sound. The burst of thunder or of cannon, the roaring of winds, the ihouting of multitudes, the sound of vast cata rats of water, are all inconteftibly grand objects" " heard the voice of a great multitude, as the sound of many waters,. and of mighty thunderings , saying Allelujah." In general we may observe, that great power and force exerted, always raise sublime ideas; and perhaps, the most copious source of these is derived rived from this quarter. Hence the grandeui of earthquakes and burning mountains ; of great conflagrations; of the ltormy ocean, and overflowing waters; of tempests of wind; of thunder and lightning; and of all uncommon violence of the elements. Nothing is more sublime than mighty power and strength. A itream that runs within its banks, is a beautiful objea; but when it rufles down with the impetuosity and noise of a torrent, it presently becomes a sublime one. From lions, and other animals of strength, are drawn sublime comparisons in poets. A racehorse is looked upon with pleasure; but it is the warhorse" " neck is clothed with thunder ," that carries grandeur in its idea. The engagement of two great armies, as it is the highest exertion of human might, combines a variety of sources of the sublime ; and has accordingly been always considered as one of the most striking and magnificent spectacles that can be either presented to the eye, or exhibited to the imagination in description. For the farther illustration of this subjea, it is proper to remark, that all ideas of the solemn and awful kind, and even bordering on the terrible, tend greatly to assit the sublime ; such as darkness, solitude, and silence. What are the scenes of nature that elevate the mind in the highest degree, and produce the sublime sensation? Not the gay landscape, the flowery field, or the flourishing city; but the hoary mountain , and the solitary lake; the aged forest, and the torrent falling over the rock. Hence too, night fcenes are commonly the most sublime . The firmament when filled with the stars, scattered in such vast numbers, and with such magnificent profusion, itrikes the imagination with a more awful grandeur than when we view it enlightened with all the the splendour of the fun. The deep sound of a great bell, or, the firiking of a great clock, is at any time grand; but when heard amid the silence and stillness of the night, is doubly so. Darkness is very commonly applied for adding sublimity to all our ideas of the Deity. " He maketh darkness his pavilion; he dwelleth in the thick cloud." Almost all the descriptions given us of the appearances of supernatural beings, carry some sublimity , though the conceptions which they afford us be confused and indiftina. Their sublimity arises from the ideas, which they always convey, of superior power and might, joined with an awful obscurity . We may see this exemplified in the following noble passage of the book of Job: " In thoughts from the visions of the night, when deep sleep falleth upon men, fear came upon me, and trembling, which made all my bones to hake. Then a spirit passed before my face; the hair of my flesh flood up: it flood till; but I could not discern the form thereof; an image was before mine eves: there was silence; and I heard a voice -- hall mortal man be more jufi than God?" No ideas it is plain, are so sublime as those taken from the Supreme Being; the most unknown, the greatest of all objects; the infinity of whose nature, and the eternity of whose duration, joined with the omnipotence of his power, though they surpass our conceptions, yet exalt them to the highest. In general, all objeas that are greatly raised above us, or far removed from us either in space or in time, are apt to strike us as great. Our viewing them as through