discourse, or writing, being the main object of them. All that I purpose is, to give some openings into the Pleasures of Taste in general; and to insist, more particularly, upon Sublimity and Beauty. WE are far from having yet attained to any fyfiem concerning this subject. Mr. Addison was the firfit who attempted a regular inquiry, in his Essay on the Pleasures of the Imagination , publimhed in the sixth volume of the Specator. He has reduced thee Pleasures under three heads; Beauty, Grandeur, and Novelty. His speculations on this subject, if not exceedingly profound, are, however, very beautiful and entertaining; and he has the merit of having opened a tract, which was before unbeaten. The advances made since his time in this curious part of philosophical Criticism, are not very considerable; though some ingenious writers have pursued the subject. This is owing, doubtless, to that thinness and fubtility which are found to be properties of all the feelings of Taste . They are engaging objectsj but when we would lay firm hold of them, and subjea them to a regular discussion, they are always ready to elude our grasp. It is difficult to make make a full enumeration of the several ob L E C T. jets that give pleasure to Taste ; it is more 1 difficult to define all those which have been discovered, and to reduce them under proper classes; and, when we would go farther, and investigate the efficient causes of the pleasure which we receive from such objects, here, above all, we find ourselves at a lots. For instance; we all learn by experience, that certain figures of bodies appear to us more beautiful than others. On inquiring farther, we find that the regularity of some figures, and the graceful variety of others, are the foundation of the beauty which we discern in them; but when we attempt to go a siep beyond this, and inquire what is the cause of regularity and variety producing in our minds the sensation of Beauty, any reason we can assign is extremely imperfect. Those first principles of internal sensation, nature seems to have covered with an impenetrable veil. IT is tome comfort, however, that although the efficient cause be obscure , the final cause of those sensations lies in many cafes more open: And, in entering on this subject, we cannot avoid taking notice of the strong impression which the powers of Tate and Imagination are calculated to give us of the benignity of our Creator. By endowing us with such powers, he hath widely enlarged the sphere of the pleasures of human life; and those, too, of a kind the most pure and innocent. lect.innocent. The necessary purposes of life _ might have been abundantly answered, though our senses of feeing and hearing had only served to distinguish external objeas, without conveying to us any of those refined and delicate sensations of Beauty and Grandeur, with which we are now so much delighted. This additional embellishment and glory, which, for promoting our entertainment, the Author of nature hath poured forth upon his works, is one striking testimony, among many others, of benevolence and goodness. This thought, which Mr. Addison first Ilart ed, Dr. Akcnfide, in his Poem on the Pleasures of the Imagination , has happily pursued. - Not content With every food of life to nourish man, By kind illusions of the wondering sense, Thou make all nature, Beauty to his eye, Or Music to his ear. I SHALT. begin with considering the Pleasure which arises from Sublimity or Grandeur, of which I propose to treat at some length; both, as this has a character more precise and diftinfly marked, than any other, of the Pleasures of the Imagination , and as it coincides more diretly with our main subjet. For the greater diftindnefs I shall, first, treat of the Grandeur or Sublimity of external objecs themselves, which will employ the rest of this leaure; and, afterward, wards, of the description of such objeas, or, L E C T. of what is called the Sublime in Writing,. which shall be the subject of a following Lecture. I distinguish these two things from one another, the Grandeur of the objecs themselves when they are presented to the eye, and the description of that Grandeur in discourse or writing; though mofi Critics, inaccurately I think, blend them together; and I confider Grandeur and Sublimity as terms synonymous, or nearly so. If there be any diflindion between them, it arises from Sublimity's expressing Grandeur in its highest degree *. IT is not easy to describe, in words, the precise impression which great and sublime objects make upon us, when we behold them; but every one has a conception of it. It confifis in a kind of admiration and expansion of the mind; it raises the mind much above its ordinary state; and fills it with a degree of wonder and astonishment , which it cannot well express. The emotion is certainly delightful; but it is altogether of the serious kind: a degree of awfulness and solemnity, even approaching to severity, commonly attends it when at its height; very distinguishable from the more gay and brisk emotion raised by beautiful objecs. * See a I'niioiophical Inquiry into the Origin of our Ideas of the Sublime and ibeautit'l. Dr. Gerard on Taste , Sediou II Elements of criuici; i', ihaf. IV THE L E C T. THE simples form of external Grandeur II ,"-., appears in the vast and boundless profpets presented to us by nature; such as wide extended plains, to which the eye can see no limits; the firmament of Heaven; or the boundless expan(e of the Ocean. All vafl ness produces the impression of Sublimity . It is to be remarked, however, that space, extended in length, makes not so strong an impression as height or depth. Though a boundless plain be a grand objec, yet a high mountain , to which we look up, or an awful precipice or tower whence we look down on