arrogtlre new praise: Ainil the fe.irs of deathi they bid my live, And 'iill elhance wiat they are lure to give. rowe. rhyme, rhyme, tend farther to enfeeble it. homer'sl E C T. description of the nod of Jupiter, as shaking .2, the heavens, has been admired, in all ages, as highly Sublime . Literally translated, it runs thus: " He spoke, and bending his sable brows, gave the awful nod; while he " shook the celestial locks of his immortal "head, all Olympus was ahaken." Mr. Pope translates it thus; He spoke; and awful bends his sable brows, Shakes his ambrosial curls, and gives the nod, The itamp of fate, and fantion of a God. High Heaven with trembling the dread signal took, And all Olympus to its centre ihook. THE image is spread out, and attempted to be beautified; but it is, in truth, weakened. The third line -- " The stamp of fate, " and fantion of a God," is merely expletive; and introduced for no other reason but to fill up the rhyme; for it interrupts the description, and clogs the image. For the same reason, out of mere compliance with the rhyme, Jupiter is represented as shaking his locks before he gives the nod, -- Shakes his ambrosial curls, and gives the nod," which is trifling, and without meaning. Whereas, in the original, the hair of his head shaken, is the effecd of his nod, and makes a happy piturefque circumstance in the description *. * See Webb on the Beauties of Poetry. VOL. 1. G THE L CT. TIIE boldness, freedom, and variety of IV our blank verse, is infinitely more favourable than rhyme, to all kinds of Sublime poetry. The fullef proof of this is afforded by Milton; an author, whose genius led him eminently to the Sublime . The whole first and second books of Paradise Lost, are continued instances of it. Take only, for an example, the following noted description of Satan, after his fall, appearing at the head of the infernal hosts- -- -- - above the refl, In shape and gesture proudly eminent, Stood like a tower: his form had not yet lost All her original brightness, nor appeared Less than archangel ruined ; and the excess Of glory obscured : As when the fun, new risen, Looks through the horizontal mifry air, Shorn of his beams; or, from behind, the moon, Iu dim eclipse, difaflrous twilight flieds On half the nations, and with fear of change Perplexes monarchs. Darkened so, vet stone Above them all th' Archangel. Here concur a variety of sources of the Sublime : The principal object eminently great; a high superior nature, fallen indeed, but erecting itself against distress; the grandeur of the principal objet heightened, by afro ciating it with so noble an idea as that of the fun suffering an eclipse; this picture shaded with all those images of change and trouble, of darkness and terror , which coincide so finely with the Sublime emotion; and the whole whole exprefred in a style and versification, L E C T. easy, natural, and simple, but magnificent. IV I HAVE spoken of simplicity and conciseness, as essential to Sublime Writing. In my general description ofit, I mentioned Strength, as another necessary requiiite. The Strength of description arises, in a great measure, from a simple conciseness; but, it supposes also something more; namely, a proper choice of circumfiances in the description, so as to exhibit the object in its fuill and most firiking point of view. For every object has several faces, so to speak, by which it may be presented to us, according to the circumstances with which we surround it; and it will appear eminently Sublime , or not, in proportion as all these circumfiances are hap II \ chosen, and of a Sublime kind. Here lics the great art of the writer; and indeed, the great difficulty of Sublime description. If the description be too general, and divested of circumstances, the object appears in a faint light; it makes a feeble impression, or no impression at all, on the reader. At the same time, if any trivial or improper circumstances are mingled, the whole is degraded. A STORM or tempest , for instance, is a Sublime object in nature. But, to render it Sublime in description, it is not enough, either to give us mere general exprefilons concerning the violence of the terpeft, or to describe its common, vulgar effects, in over G a throwing L E C T. throwing trees and houses. It must be paint., .,, with such circumfiances as fill the mind with great and awful ideas. This is very happily done by Virgil, in the following passage: Ipse Pater, media nimborum in note, corufca Fulmina molitur dextra; quo maxima motu Terra tremit; fugere ferae; & mortalia corda, Per gentes humilis itravit pavor: Ille, flagranti Aut Atho, aut Rhodopen, aut alta Ceraunia telo Dejicit. -- -- - GEORG. I. EVERY circumstance in this noble description is the production of an imagination heated and aftonifled with the grandeur of the object. If there be any defect, it is in !the words immediately following those I have quoted; " Ingeminant Auftri, et den" " imber; " where the transition is made too haffily, I am afraid, from the preceding Sublime images, to a thick flower, and the blowing of the south wind; and L The Father of the Gods his glory flirouds, Involved in temnpefts, and a night of clouds; And from the middle darkness flafling out, By fits he deals his fiery bolts about. Earth feels the motions of her angry God, Her entrails tremble, and her mountains nod, And flying bealls in forests leek abode. Deep horror seizes every human breat; Their pride is humbled, and their fears conset; While he, from high his rolling thunders throws, And ires the mountai: s with repeated blows; The rocks are from their old foundations rent The winds redouble, and the rain augment. DRYEN. (hews hews how difficult it frequently