and that in every particular; for it ought to be observed, that this melancholy kind of greatness, though it be certainly the highest, ought not to be fiudied in all sorts of edifices, where yet grandeur must be studied; in such cafes the sublimity must be drawn from the other sources; with a ftric caution however against anything light and riant; as nothing so effectually deadens the whole tate of the sublime . S E C T. XVI SOUND AND LOUDNESS. HE eye is not the only organ of sensation, by T which a sublime passion may be produced. Sounds have a great power in these as in most other passions. I do not mean words, because words do notaffect simply by their sounds, but by means altogether different, Excessive loudness alone is sufficient to overpower the soul, to suspend its ation, and to fill it with terror . The noise of vast cata aefts, raging storms, thunder , or artillery, awakes a great great and awful sensation in the mind, though we can observe no nicety or artifice in those sorts of music. The shouting of multitudes has a similar effee; and, by the sole strength of the sound, so amazes and confounds the imagination , that, in this flaggering, ahd hurry of the mind, the belt established tempers can scarcely forbear being born down, and joining in the common cry, and common resolution of the crowd. S E C T. XVIII SUDDENNESS. Sudden beginning, or sudden cessation of sound of any coniderable force, has the same power. The attention is routed by this; and the faculties driven forward, as it were, on their guard. Whatever either in sights or sounds makes the transition from one extreme to the other easy, causes no terror , and consequently can be no cause of greatness. In everything sudden and unexpe&ted, we are apt to start; that is, we have a perception of danger, and our nature rouses us to guard against it. It may be observed that a ingle sound of some strength, though but of short duration, if repeated after intervals, has a grand effect. Few things are more awful than the striking of a great clock, when the silence of the night prevents the attention from being too much dissipated. The same may be said of a single firoke on a drum, repeated with pauses; and of the successive firing of cannon at a distance. All the effects mentioned in this feaion have causes very nearly alike. SEC T, 5 ._. SEC T. XIX INTERMITTING. A LOW, tremulous, intermitting sound, though it seems in some respects opposite to that just mentioned, is productive of the sublime . It is worth while to examine this a little. The fat itself must be determined by every man's own experience and reflection. I have already observed, that * night increases our terror , more perhaps than anything else; it is our nature, when we do not know what may happen to us, to fear the worst that can happen; and hence it is, that uncertainty is so terrible, that we often seek to be rid of it, at the.hazard of a certain mischief. Now, some low, confused, uncertain sounds leave us in the same fearful anxiety concerning their causes, that no light, or an uncertain light, does concerning the objets that surround us. Ruale per incertams lunarm sub luce maligna Eft ier in fylvis. -- Afaint ihadow of uncertain light, Like as a lamp, who life doth fade away; Or as the moon clothed with cloudy night dothfljew to him who walks in fear and great aiffri'ht. SPENSER. But a light now appearing, and now leaving us, and so off and on, is even more terrible than total darkness: and a sort of uncertain sounds are, when the necessary dispositions concur, more alarming than a total silence. SEC T. see. 3. S E C T. XX THE CRIES OF ANIMALS. SUCH sounds as imitate the natural inarticulate voices of men, or any animals in pain or danger, are capable of conveying great ideas; unless it be the well-known voice of some creature, on which we are used to look with contempt. The angry tones of wild beafs are equally capable of causing a great and awful sensation. Hinc exaudirigemitus, ir'que leanum Yincla recurfntum, etfera sub iose rudetturm; Setigerique rljes, atque in preefepibus urfi Savire; et forms magnorum tlulare lupornm. It might seem that these modulations of sound carry some connexion with the nature of the things they represent, and are not merely arbitrary; because the natural cries of all animals, even of those animals with whom we have not been acquainted, never fail to make themselves sufficiently understood; this cannot be said of language. The modifications of sound, which may be productive of the sublime , are almost infinite . Those I have mentioned, are only a few instances to show, on what principles they are all built. S E C T. XXI SMELL AND TASTE . BITTERS AND STENCHES. SMELLS, and t2afes, have some share too in ideas of greatness; but it is a small one, weak in its nature, and confined in its operations. I hall only observe, that no smells or tastes can produce a grand grand sensation, except excessive bitters, and intolerable stenches. It is true, that these affeetions of the smell and taste , when they are in their full force, and lean direely upon the sensory, are simply painful, and accompanied with no sort of delight; but when they are moderated, as in a description or narrative, they become sources of the sublime , as genuine as any other, and upon the very same principle of a moderated pain. " A cup of bitterness " " to drain the bitter cup of fortune; " " the bitter apples of Sodom; " there are all ideas suitable to a sublime description. Nor is this passage of Virgil without sublimity , where the stench p.s. the vapour in Albunea conspires so happily with the sacred horror and gloominess of that prophetic