of the Lord. And what is remarkable, the painting preserves the same character, not only when hers supposed descending to take vengeance upon the'wicked, but even when he exerts the like plenitude of power in aats of beneficence to mankind. 'rernble thouz earth! at the presence of the Lord; at the prejence of the God of Jacob which turned the rock into fltnding Eater, ite flint into a fountain of waters. It were endless to enumerate all the passages, both in the sacred and profane writers, which establish the general sentiment of mankind, concerning the inseparable union of a sacred and reverential awe , with our ideas of the divinity. Hence the common maxim, Primos in orb deos fecit tit: r. This maxim may be, as I believe it is, false with regard to the origin of religion. The maker of the maxim saw how inseparable these ideas were, without considering that the notion of some great power must be always precedent to our dread of it. But this dread muff necessarily follow the idea of such a power, when it is once excited in the mind. It is on this principle that true religion has, and muff have, so large a mixture of salutary fear; and that false religions have generally nothing else but fear to support them. Before the christian religion had, as it were, humanised the idea of the Divinity, and brought brought it somewhat nearer to us, there was very little said of the love of God. The followers of Plato have something of it, and only something; the other writers of pagan antiquity, whether poets or philosophers, nothing at all. And they who confider with what infinite attention, by what a disregard of every perishable objet, through what long habits of piety and contemplation it is, any man is able to attain an entire love and devotion to the Deity, will easily perceive, that it is not the first, the moult natural, and the mort firiking effeca which proceeds from that idea. Thus we have traced power through its several gradations unto the highest of all, where our imagination is finally lost; and we find terror , quite throughout the progress, its inseparable companion, and growing along with it, as far as we can possibly trace them. Now, as power is undoubtedly a capital source p.s. the sublime , this will point out evidently from whence its energy is derived, and to what class of ideas we ought to unite it. SECT. VI PRIVATION. A LL eneral privations are great, because they. 1_ are all terrible; Vacrity, Darkness, Solin: ide, and Silzence With what a fire of imagination , vet with what severity of judgement, has Virgil amassed all these circumstances, where he knows that all the imaes of a tremendous dignity ought to be united, at the mouth of hell! where, before he unlocks the secrets of the g; eat deep, he seems to be seized with a religious horror , and to retire aftonilhed at the boldness of his own design: D, Ds qiiibtis imperiumr eft animtarum, umbreque silentes! ft Chaos, et Plegeton! loca note filentia late? Sit mibiifas audita loqii! sit nuiine: veflro Pandere res alta terra et ca.igine merfis! Ibant obfcuri, sola frib noae, per umbram, Perque dotnos Ditis vacuas, et inania regna. tejfubterraneous gods! whole awful sway The g liding ghofs, and silent jbades obey; 0 Chaos, hear! and Pblegethon profound! 'bose solemn emrpirefretches wide aaround Give me, ye great tremendous pgwers, to tell Of scenes and wonders in the depth of hell: Give me your inightyfecrets to display From those black realns of darknlfs to the day. PITT. Obscure they went through dready (hades that led 'Along the waite dominions of the dead. DRYDEN. S E C T. VII V A S T N E S S. REATNESS * of dimension is a powerful cause of the sublime . This is too evident, and the observation too common, to need any illufiration; it is not so common to confider in what ways greatness of dimension, vastness of extent or quantity, has the most striking effect. For certainly, there are ways, and modes, wherein the same quantity of extension (hall produce greater effects than it Part IV sea. 9. is is found to do in others. Extension is either in length, height, or depth. Of there the length strikes least; an hundred yards of even ground will never work such an effect as a tower an hundred yards high, or a rock or mountain of that altitude. I am apt to imagine likewise, that height is less grand than depth; and that we are more struck at looking down. from a precipice, than looking up at an object of equal height; but of that I am not very positive. A perpendicular has more force in forming the sublime , than an inclined plain; and the effects of a r .gged and broken surface feenm fronger than where it is smooth and polished. It would carry us out of our way to enter in this place into the cause of these appearances; but certain it is they afford a large and fruitful field of speculation. However, it may not be amiss to add to there remarks upon magnitude, that, as the great extreme of dimension is sublime , so the last extreme of littleness is in some measure sublime likewise; when we attend to the infinite divisibility of matter, when we pursue animal life into there excessively frmall, and yet organised beings that escape the nicest inquisition of the sense, when we push our discoveries yet downward, and confider those creatures so many degrees yet finaller, and the till diminishing scale of existence, in tracing which the imagination is lost as well as the sense, we become amazed and confounded at the wonders of minuteness; nor can we distinguish in its effect this extreme of littleness from the valt itself. For division must be infinite as well as addition; because the idea of a perfect unity can no more