religious house ten miles from hence, the pi6turesque ruins of which still remain) abouiitthe conclusion of the eleventh century. It is called in Welsh pont ar mynach, the bridge of the Mynach; and pnt ar diawvl, the bridge of thedevil; vulgar superstition asserting Satan to be the construtor of it. and the torrent that rushes through it, we proceeded over the bridge; and turning quickly round to the right hand, descended, an abrupt and perilous path that conduted us to the base of the rocks on the eastern side of the arch. Language is but ill calculated to convey an accurate idea of the scene which is here presented to the eye. The awful height of the fissure, which the bridge bestrides one hundred and twenty feet above the observer, rendered doubly gloomy by its narrowness, and the wood which overhangs it; the stunning noise of the torrent thundering at his feet, and struggling through black, opposing rocks, xwhich its ceaseless impetuosity has worn into shapes strange and grotesque; fill the mind with a mingled but sublime emotion of astonishment , terror , aid delight. Having gratified our curiosity here, we clambered up the perpendicular path, and going in a left hand direetion from the bridge, about two hundred yards, pursued a winding descent that leads to a rocky projection, which commands a view of the noble cataracts to the westward of the arch. Here the My niach, bursting at once upon the eye in all its terrific majesty, is seen throwing itself do'wre ragged rocks at leas tw 1- 75 ] 1 hundred and ten feet, in four separate tremendous falls. The first is a leap of nearly twenty feet; after which it is received by a fathomless basin, where for a moment it seems to rest its turbid waters, in order to recruit its strength and pour with greater violence down a second fall 9f sixty feet. Its third attempt decreases again to, twenty feet, and here it falls amongst broken rocks, which in vain present themselves as barriers to its passage. This opposition gives it tenfold rage, and rushing over a pro jeóeing ledge with wonderful velocity, it turn bles headlong down a descent of one hundred and ten feet, and then hurries through a stony channel to unite its waters with the Rhydol, which rushes from the opposite mountains with nearly similar grandeur and impetuosity. We should have protrated our contemplations amid this; awful scenery for some time, had not a sudden flash of lightning and a loud clap of thunder , issuing from a black cloud which had imperceptibly gathered round our heads, warned us to seek the friendly shelter of our inn. We accordingly ascended the steep side of the dale, gathering, in our way the Rubus Idieus and Yacciirntm uliginosumt, and hastened to the haf6d Arms, at which we arrived just time [ 76.] enough to avoid the "mingled storm" that rages without doors, where, even now, in the language of Thomson, "Huge uproar lords it wide." Your's, c. R. W. N !- Machynlleth S miles lnllocdd.....to to.llnidlu X ^ C Mountains Lyn hcn. Rhoidcr, __ Copper mine - I lcad ilinc Plinhimiqn lyn llygd rlhydol mountains Pont tynvyd to Llanidlos Aberystwyth Road dcvil's bridg LETTER V TO THE SAME. Devil's bridge, Friday Morning, DEAB SIR, nvine o'clock. I Could almost say with the unfortunate. Clarence, ' ", I have passed a miserable night, · So full offearfil sounds, of ugly sights, "That as I am a Christian faithful man, " I would not spend another such a night, "Though 'twere to buy a world of happy days. "So full of dismal terror was the time." / [ 78 ] I have already observed to you, that as the rooms of the inn had all been engaged before our arrival, C and I were obliged to sleep at a house some distance from it, the only private one in this wild and solitary neighbourhood. Flattering ourselves that the tempest would decrease, we passed the time, till the clock told ten, very agreeably, at our comfortable quarters, in the company of a gentleman and two ladies, who obligingly invited us to share their sitting rooill, and join their party. Finding, however, that the storm rather increased than abated, we determined to brave'its fur), and seek our lodging. We therefore prevailed upon a postillion to accompany uis; and the terrified chambermaid who carried linen for our beds; and, thus conducted, commenced our expedition. But never shall I forget the sublimity of the scene which presented itself to us when we reached the Devil's bridge. The winds seemed to blow with all their rage, from. all their quarters. The thunder rattled throughl the sky in peals, loud, successive, and almost uninterrupted. The catarafs which tumbled beneath us, strengthened by the accumulation of waters produced by a torrent of rain, added to the din, by their ceaseless, : aggravated roar; [ 79 ]:, whilst'the. lightning, bursting occasionally from the pitchy mantle, which curtained' the whole hemisphere, at one: moment displayed all the gloomy horrors of the scenery around us; and in the next left us involved in ipenetrable darkness. It was the tempest : described by the poet; and the circumstances of the neighboul ing country were, happily appropriate to his description: - "......... wide rcnt; tle clouds " Pur a whole flood; and yet, its flame unqiench'd, " Th: unconquerable lightning struggles through Ragged and fierce, or in red whirling balls, " And fires.the mountains.with redouble rage.. ". .........The gloomy woods " Start at the flash, and from their deep rcess wide flaming out, their treinbling inmates shake; " Amid Carnarvon's mountains rages loud " The repercussive roar: with mighty crash "Into the flashing dep, from the rude rocks "Of Perimaenmaur, lieap'd hideous to the sky, '" Tumble the smitten cliffs; and Snowdon's peak "Dissolving, instant yields his wintery load. far seen theiheights of heathy Cheviot blaze, " And Thule bellows through her utmost isles." It was not without difficulty