: Diffusiveness, stately beauty, and, at the upper. end, magnificence. Ullswater: Severe grandeur and sublimity ; all that may give ideas of vast power and astonishing majesty. The effect of Ullswater is, that, awful as its scenery appears, it awakens the mind to expeta tion still more awful , and, touching all the powers of imagination , inspires that " fine frenzy" descriptive of the poet's eye, which not only bodies forth unreal forms, but imparts to substantial objects a characer higher than their own. Derwentwater: Fantastic wildness and romantic beauty, but inferior to Ullswater in greatness, both of water and rocks; for, though it charms and elevates, it does not display such features and circum frances of the sublime , or call up such expectation of unimaged and uncertain wonder . A principal defet, if we may venture to call it so, of Derwentwater is, that the water is too small in proportion for the amphitheatre of the valley in which it lies, and therefore loses much of the dignity, that in other circumfiances it would exhibit.. The fault of Windermere is, perhaps, exactly the reverse p where the shores, not generally grand, are rendered tamer by the alnple extpafec of the lake. The proportions of Ullswater are more jufr, and, s thoughl though its winding form gives it in some parts the air of a river, the abrupt and tremendcus height of its rocks, the dark and crowding summits of the fells above, the manner in which they enclose it, together with the dignity of its breadth, empower it constantly to affect the mind with emotions of astonishment and lofty expectation. FROM WINDERMERE TO HAWKSHEAD, THURSTON lake AND ULVERSTON. AFTER ascending the laborious crags and precipices of furnefs fell, enlivened, however, by frequent views of the southern end of Windermere, the road immediately descends the opposite fide of the mountain , which shuts out the beautiful scenery of the lake; but the prospect oon after opens to other mountains of furnets, in the distance, which revive the expectation of such sublimity as we had lately regretted, and to efthwait water in the valley below. This is a narrow, pleasant lake, about half a mile broad and two miles long, with gradual hills, green to their tops, riling round the margin; with plantations and pastures alternately spreading along the easy shores and white farms scattered sparingly upon the slopes above. The water seems to glide through the quiet privacy of plea fure grounds; so fine is the turf on its banks, so elegant its copses, and such an air of peace and retirement prevails over it. A neat white white village lies at the feet of the hills near the head of the lake; beyond it is the grey town of Hawkfhead, with its church and parsonage on an eminence commanding the whole valley. Steep hills rise over them, and, more distant, the tall heads of the Coniston fells, dark and awful , with a confusion of other mountains . Hawkfhead, thus delightfully placed, is an ancient, but finall town, with a few good houses, and a neat townhouse, lately built by subscriptions, of which the chief part was gratefully supplied by London merchants, who had been educated at the free school here; and this school itself is a memorial of gratitude, having been founded by Archbishop Sandys for the advantage of the town, which gave him birth. Near Hawkfhead are the remains of the house, where the Abbot of Furness " kept residence by one or more monks, who performed divine service and other parochial duties in the neighbourhood." There is still a courtroom over the gateway, " where the bailiff of Hawkfhead held court, and distributed justice, in the name of the abbot." From the tremendous steeps of the long fell, which towers over i awkfhead, astonishing views open to the distant vales and mountains of Cumberland; overlooking all the grotcfcue summits in the neighbourhood of Grasmere, the fells of Borrowdale in the furtheftl distance, langdale pikes, and several finall lakes, seen gleaming in the bosom of the mountains . Before us, rose the whole multitude of conifton sells, of immense height and threatening forms, their tops thinly darkened with thunder minfs, and, on the left, Fuirnefs sells sells fninkingt6wards the bay, which Ulverfton sands formn for'the seat '' ' As we advanced, conifton sells seemed to multiply, and became still more impressive, till, having reached at length the summit of the mountain , we looked down upon thurron lake immediately below, and saw them riling abruptly round its northern end in somewhat of the sublime attitudes and dark majesty of Ullswater. A range of lower rocks, nearer to the eye, exhibited a very peculiar and grotesque appearance, coloured fears and deep channels marking thi'ir purple fides, as if they had been rifted by an earthquake. The road descends the flinty steeps towards the eastern balnk of the lake, that spreads' a surface of six miles in length a: : 2 nerally three quarters of a mile in breadth, not winding in its cod. fe, yet m luch indented with bays, and presenting nearly its whole extent at orice to the eye. The grandest features are the fells, that crown its northern end, not distantly and gradually, like those of Windermere, nor varied like them with magnificent colouring, but riing in haughty abruptness, dark, rugged and stupendous, within a quarter of a mile of the margin, and shutting out all prospect of other mountain sum mits. At their feet, pastures spread a bright green to the brim of the lake. Nearly in the centre of these fells, which open in a semicircle to receive the lake, a cataract descends, but its flining line is not of a breadth proportioned to the vastness of its perpendicular fall. The village of Coniston is sweetly seated under shelter of the rocks; and, at a distance beyond, on the edge of the water, the ancient hall, or or.priory, Shows. its turret and ivyed ruins among old woods. The whole picture is