of tale: but these principles are simple, and two or three entertaining books, of no very alarming size, comprise all that has yet been ascertained upon this subjee. Vernet's Theorie des Sentimens Agreables; Hogarth's Analysis of Beauty; an Essay of Hume's on the Standard of Taste ; Burke's Sublime and Beautiful; Lord Kames's Elements .of Criticism; Sir Joshua Reynolds's Discourses; and Alison on Taste ; contain so much infiruetion, mixed with so much amusement, that we cannot think that it will be a terrible tas to any parent to peruse them. These books are above the comprehension of children; but the principles which they contain can be very early illustrated in conversation. It will be easy in familiar instances to thew children that the fitness, propriety, or utility, of certain forms recommends them to our approbation : that uniformity, an appearance of order and regularity, are, in ome cafes, agreeable to us; contrast, in others: that one class of objects pleases us from habit, another from novelty: c. The general principle that governs taste , in the greatest variety of instances, is the association of ideas, and this fortunately can be most easily illustrated. I like such a perfbn, because her voice puts me in mind of "my mother's. I like this walk, because I was very happy the " last time I was here with my filter. I think green is the pret tieft of all colours; my father's room is painted green, and it is 4 I " very 609 'very cheerful, and I have been very happy in that room; and, ' besides, the grass is green in spring.' Such simple observations as these come naturally from children; they take notice of the influence of afrociation upon their taste , though, perhaps, they may not extend their observations so as to deduce the general principle according to philosophical forms. We should not lay down. for them this or any other principle of taste , as a rule which they are to take for granted; but we should lead them to class their own desultory remarks, and we should excite them to attend to their own feelings, and to ascertain the truth by experiments upon themselves. We have often observed, that children have been much entertained with comparing the accidental circumstances they have met with, and the unpremeditated exprefions used in, conversation, with any general maxim. In this point of view, we. may render even general maxims serviceable to children., because they will excite to experiment our pupils will detect their falsehood, or, after sufficient refile&ion, acknowledge their truth, Perhaps it may be thought, that this mode of inifruaion. wilt tend rather to improve the judgement than the taste ;. but every person of good taste must have also a good judgement in matters of taste :, ometimes the judgement may have been partially exercised upon a particular class of objects, and its accuracy of discrimination may be confined to this one subject; therefore we hastily decide, that, because men of taste may not always be men of universally good judgement, these two powers of the mind are, unnecessary to one another. By teaching the philosophy at the same time that we cultivate the pleasures of taste , we shall open to our pupils a new world, we shall give them a new sense. The pleasure of every 610 every effet will be increased by the perception of its cause; the magic of the scenery will not lose its power to charm, though we are aware of the secret of the enchantment. We have hitherto spoken of the taste for what is beautiful, a taste for the sublime we hold be cautious in cultivating. Obscurity and terror are two of the grand sources of the sublime ; analyse the feeling, examine accurately the object which creates the emotion, and you difflpate the illusion, you annihilate the pleasure. What seemed its head the likeness of a kingly crown had on." The indiftindnefs of the head and of the kingly crown makes this a sublime image. Upon the same principle, "Danger, whose limbs, of giant mould, " No mortal eye can sixed behold," always muff appear sublime as long as the passion of fear operates. Would it not, however, be imprudent in education to permit that early propensity to superstitious terrors , and that temporary suspension of the reasoning faculties, which are often essential to our taste for the sublime ? When we hear of '4 Margaret's grimly " ghost," or of the " dead frill hour of night," a sort of awful tre mour seizes us, partly from the effet of early associations, and partly from the solemn tone of the reader. The early associations which we perhaps have formed of terror , with the ideas of apparitions, and winding heets, and fable fhrowds, should be unknown to children. The silent solemn hour of midnight should not to them be 4 I 2 a 6 an hour of terror . In the following poetic description of the beldame telling dreadful stories to her infant audience, we hear only of the pleasures of the imagination , we do not recollet how dearly these pleasures must be purchased by their votaries: , * *. * finally by night "The village matron, round the blazing hearth, " Suspends the infant audience with her tales, "Breathing astonishment ! of witching rhymes, " And evil spirits; of the deathbed call ' Of him who robbed the widow, and devoured ' The orphan's portion; of the unquiet souls " Rise from the grave to ease the heavy guilt ' Of deeds in life concealed; of shapes that walk " At dead of night, and clank theirchains, and wave ' The torch of hell around the murderer's bed. " At every solemn pause the crowd recoil, " Gazing each other speechless, and congealed "With shivering sighs; till, eager for th' event, " Around the beldame all ered they hang, "Each trembling heart with grateful terrors quelled *." No prudent mother will ever imitate this eloquent village matron, or will fie permit