the father of the gods'! ah, e uvt&yfilv di Oot p: T vugv kfov4wvw 'aggp'oii J' apt %atxilti ptipajjoo cviexo7' s ikpto' eit' d lvd.7T010o, zvyv dj' eh.it.vp Oij. Mr. Pope's translation of these lines is, hie spoke, and awful bends his sable brows; Shakes his ambrosial curls, andgiues the nod, Theflamp of fate, andfanalion of a god. High heaven with trembling the dread signal took, And all Olympus to the centre shook. .Mr. Webb's 6bfervation on it is extremely jut : " What shall we say (fays he) when the noblest images are ruined for the sake of a jingle? Had it not been for the rhyme, that third line had never found its way into this description. I need not observe to you how it interrupts the succession of the ideas and embar Araffes the image. It is owing to the same el cause, V 74) cause, that Jupiter is represented liak; ng his curls before he had given the nod; whence that,. which in the original was. a happy effect, becomes in the translation a trising aation*. -- Milton showed the same grandeur of imagination in his description of Satan: On th'other fide, Satan, alarmed,., Coil' aing all his might, - dilated flood, Like Teneriff or Atlas, unremov'd; His stature reached the sky, and on his crefft Sat horror plumed. The comparing him to a vast mountain , is very great;. but the two last lines are. inexpressibly sublime : On his crest fat.: lcrror plumed, is an image amazingly, ~rikirng. Dr. Young's de'cription of the Deity. is very noble, a.: sew strokes particularly, are great: a Remarks on the Beauties of Poetry, p. 26. Who, Who trikes through' nature with the folerpn roar Of dreadful thunder , 'points it where to fall,. And in fierce lightning wraps the flying ball;. Not he who trembles at the darted fires, Falls at the sound, and in, the flash' expires *. The fixtht book of Milton is almost a: continued picture of the truest sublime ; : more so than any. book. even in the Iliad; itself. The coming forth of the Messiah. is described with most wonderful pomp; of dition, clothing the vastest grandeur of ideas, " Till, in .the last place, the Mefflah comes forth in the fullness of; majesty and terror . The pomp of his appearance amidst the roarings of his thun; ders, the flashes of his lightnings, and the noise of his chariot wheels, is described. with the utmost sights of human imagine - ation t." Thfie lines of Mr. Addison's 3 Paraphrase on. Job. Works, vol. i p. 209. ' j Spectator, vol. V No. 333.. Mnay ( 74), may be quoted with great propriety in an essay on the sublime , being very fine themfrlves. The imagery of Milton is almost every : where sublime , and bears the stamp of the finest and most luxuriant imagination . In how many passages do the naked thoughts shine with the brightest splendour; but who is proof against their es feetd, when they kindle up the nobles flame of poetic enthusiasm! Now waved their fiery vwords, and in the air Made horrid circles; two broad suns their shields Blazed opposite; while expetation flood In horror . How * This, and some other quotations, which 1 have ranged under grandeur of conception, seem at first sight to belong rather to the application of f. gures; but when the imagery displays a vast and noble thought, I think it deserves chiefly to be admired for its capital beauty. But every reader Awil r '( '75 'How great is it to describe their shields .as suns striking circles in the air,; and never was imagery more sublime than that noble one of Expeeation standing in horror . The two greatest of poets.are very sublime .in their descriptions of shields : Milton hasanotherverynobleone: Such defrrueionrto withstand He halted, and opposed the rocky oirb Of tenfold adamant, his ample .hield A vaft.circumference. And Homer's, of 'the aegis of Jove is wonderfully sublime : High in the midst the blue.ey'd Virgin flies; From rank to.rank fie darts her eager eyes: The dreadful agis, Jove's immortal shield, : Blazed on her arm, and lightened allthe field: Round the vast orb, an hundred ferpentsrowl'd, ·form'd the bright fringe, and seemed to burn in [gold. .vill doubtless form particular notions on the sources of the fublimo, which appear in 'the in: : I have produced. ''* Iliad, book II ver. 525. a.nd (76 )- And again in the fifth book,. Over her broad floulders hangs his horrid fhielj, Dire, black, tremendous! round the margin rolled. A ftinge of serpents, hiling, guards the gold :. Here all the terrors of grim war appear,. Here rages force, here tremble slight and fear, Here stored contention, and here fury frowned;, And the dire orb portentous Gorgon crowned. There is scarce any description in Homer more sublime than this: Every circ cumftance that could add to the horror of this dreadful hield, : are feleted with great judgement. I hardly. know any passage more truly, sublime than that noble description of the battle, in the Paradise Lost. In these lines are contained more species than one of the sublime ; but I quote them for the: thought, as fublimiry of conception is always preferable to either figzres, compofi tikn,, or expreion. No; w. Now stormy fury rose and' lamour, such as heard in heaven till now Was jever; arms on armourclalhing, brayed. Horrible discord, and the madding wheels Of brazen chariots raged; dire was the noise * Ofconflit! overhead the diflnal hiss Of fiery darts in flaming volleys flew, And flying vaulted either hod with fire: So under fiery cope together ruled Both battles main, with ruinous assault And inextinguishable rage: all heavh Resounded; and had earth been then, all earth Had to her centre dhook. How greatly ublime is the variety of striking circumstances here colle&t ·ed to display the horror of: the battle; but what a thought was it, to paint the ttwo armies fighting under a