Homer you have sublimity , grace, and pathos, by turns: Often is he simple even to rudeness. And herein consists the principal excellence of great authors. For the more of every kind of good style they possess, they have the more variety and beauty; and consequently give the more entertainment. Homer, Shakespeare, Milton. Tasso, and Arioflo, excel in this variety; and consequently are the moult admirable, pleasing, and entertaining of all authors. OF THE SUBLIME . vastriss, extent, or grandeur offize in material objects, activity of body and greatness of soul in animated beings endued with reason, produce what is called the sublime , as it affects the mind; and the sublime of composition arises from the description of those objects with jufnefs and majesty, and suitable harmony. The chief pafilons, or emotions, produced in the mind by the above objecs, are admiration, awe , a certain elevation of soul accompanied with terror , pride, magnanimity, fortitude. These. for diftintion's sake, I call the sublime pafions or emotions; and they are the imprefiions, or movements, produced in the mind by those magnificent ob jeas either in the physical or moral world, which are naturally calculated to excite sublime , great, or awful emo. lions. Sublime emotions naturally inspire sublime expreion. As the objecs are simple, they (rike with force; the fenfationt they produce is inflantaneous; it raises and elevates, and gives the idea of vatnefs. Ag the mind expands to them with ease, and the imagination is roofed with one vail and great conception, which engrosses, or absorbs, its whole essay XV 270 powers, it generally expresses this conception with the same simplicity and ease, with which it was conceived. Simplicity is an essential ingredient in the sublime . Your flowery writers are those of little minds that cannot grasp or comprehend great objects sufficiently to describe themjufily; they, therefore, give us their own wild thoughts, dressed out in a flowery exprefion, which, with many people, passes for sublime . In history, poetry, and eloquence we have writers of this kind, without number, at this very period. The celebrated treatise of Mr. Burke on the French revolution is disfigured with a studied pompousness of language that may, for a little, impose on the imagination , but loon difgufls the judgement of every reader of taste or common-sense. In history, Gibbons is a remarkable instance of the depravity of taste . His florid, pompous, and redundant style, firikes the many with admiration; " there is no historian," say they, " like Gibbons; " although, all the while, it is nothing more than the airs of a fop, who, wanting sense and solidity within, wishes to be diftinguilhed by his splendid coat, gold headed cane, and other superficial and external ornaments. We deny not but he is ingenious, acute, and lively; but in his style he is so asseted, and in principles so wild and sceptical, if not atheiflical, that we cannot but condemn them in a work, of this kind, which professes, on all occasions, to recommend purity of composition, as well as the interests of virtue. As plain dress sets off a man of sense to mod advantage, so a modest and unaffeaed style is the recommendation, the proof, and never-failing attendant of true genius . Watson's History of Philip 11. is excellent for historical simplicity. The flylt of the Continuation of the same history by Dr. Thomion is more ornamented. This last author, is pofeft of considerable powers of genius and fancy, as may be seen in ofme of his late pieces, in the way of tales and novels. 271 Of our late hiforics, Mitford's Hifiory of Greece, and Dr. Gillies' on the same subjea, have great merit for their style, and convey much information. Profefor Fcrgufon's History of the Rise, Progress, and Termination of the Roman Republic is unexceptionable on every account. Mr. Hume and Dr. Robertson are before all others in the true elegance of historical composition; in this reipea, perhaps, they are pretty much alike, although in their political, philosophical, and religious creeds entirely different. Mr. Gibbon's manner, as also frequently Dr. Johnson's in his Rambler and Idler, is to diversify one great sentiment into a number of inferior branches; on each of which they enlarge with profusion, and in lofty studied language, till the attention is fatigued, and the memory diftraed in following them. It is in vain to grasp at the numerous and perplexed ramifications of their ideas. If the mind attempt it, confusion, or something like intoxication, takes place. Two causes operate to produce this effec; to wit, the pompous obscurity of the language, and the too great expansion and profifion of ideas on a particular subjea. I say not, that this faulty profusion or redundance is always the cafe; but that it too often takes place even in their bed performances, cannot be denied. Indeed it may be said, in excuse, that Virgil and Pope, with all their correctness and purity. are observed to have redundancies of exprefllon in particular lines or sentences: so likewise has Homer, Livy, Herodotus, and other eminent writers both in prose and verse. But as this is oh fervable only in part, and with a visible view to give dignity and perspicuity to their fryle, as well as fullness to their harmony, it is necessary and even commendable in there writers, especially in poetry; but in, a prose writer, such profusion or redundance of words, if carried far, can have no effect but to render the Ryle obscure , tedious, and languid. The great difference between the ancients and moderns, in the above refpet, is, that the former, to the mot corrct, 27, Essay XV pure, and harmonious language, join, also, prong sense, morality, or sublime , natural and pathetic description, all delivered in the mol asseting and simple manner; whereas the moderns very often give us idle sounds instead of sense, or bury what sense or sentiment they possess under a heap of affected, pompous, or unmeaning expression. Nature is irong in everything. Hence the pleasure we find in