remains of EVELINA's dust. Now slow and solemn, over the hohour'd tomb Amidst the horrors of the midnight gloom, They pour their £orrows, - thric 'again exclaim, Frantic with woe, on EVE I na name; Then parting, on either hand retire, As part the winds the gloomy funeral fire. BUT he, the Chief, who led the sacred train Long used in mona's awful groves to reign, Over the shrine in sorrow bending low, Near where old LLVYAN's rapid torrents flow; Beneath Beneath the deep and melancholy slade,. Primaeval oaks with mingling boughs difplay'd; His awefiul front with marks of grief impressed His silver beard soft waving over his breast, His head upon his bent arm fuftain'd, Like some monument of grief remained. THE thunders roaring, the funereal gloom, That wrapped the shade of EVELINA's tomb; The winds that whistled loud the trees among, The swelling itream that foaming poured along. The Spirits of the storm that sailing high, Bore devastation through the reddening Iky; Voices of woe from SNOWDON's top that cried, While lofty MONA through the gloom replied, Forms long departed of the silent dead, That itrike the trembling heart with awe and dread, Flashing like meteors on th' astonished sight, Beneath the fable horrors of the night, Thelf These unappalled the chief of MONA: heard For fortitude and justice still revered, And skilled in charms whose wonder working power Oft' at the silent midnight's gloomy hour, By magic spells the souls of heroes slain Has called to banquet on the moonlight plain. GREAT was his fow'r, but greater were the charms Of Virtue that her sacred votaries warms; Who in his breast her hallowed rule maintained, For Virtue chief in ancient MONA reigned, Yet unsubdued unpolished by those arts That to soft slavery sunk the Roman hearts In after ages which to ruin hurled The envied Mistress of the conquered world. but as the night's dun flladows fled away And ruddy flreaks proclaimed approaching day, The ftorns that shook the woods appeared to cease, And fighting winds were hufll'd to softest peace. F BT r but no soft sleep thel chief 'of Moaa knows, While warring elements !Wbid xe#bfe, While his lbvm couehrys s his tbil oppressed, And more than tempests robbed his eyes of rest; Yet when the opening cloutds proclaimed the dawns And grey morn'.glinmer'd over the dewy lawn. Deep sunk beneath the visionary shade, In silent trance the reverend Seer was laid. To the dark vale, from SNOWDON's brightening height The airy spirits take their wonted flights; Thick as autumnal leaves that strew the green A countless host! to mortal eye unseen, Save to the Druids and the sacred train That in high MONA hold their awful reign; - These oft observe them as they fiveep along, And fill all .AETHER with cmlefial song, Or strike the harps 'lone hanging on the trees, And waft their music on the pasing breeze; Now hovering close over EVELINA's tomb, With dusky wing, they Ikirt the awful gloom, Relume Relume the lat remains of Britiffi fire, And heavenly thoughts, and mystic dreams inspire. meanwehik. AURORA with her iaffron ray, Wide fcatt'ring roses, wakes the newborn day, The distant hills with yellow lustre bright Confess th' approaches of the God of light, Then opens the seen, refulgent to behold! The glittering rocks and streams that glow with gold. firrf SNOWDON's height the fblar beam displays, And ihines conspicuous with the orient blaze, The glorious Power who rules the radiant sky, That sacred spot regards with favouring eye; Where Freedom from oppressive arms retired, And but at last triumphantly expired. Short were the glories there that Conquest won, Till Art completed what, by force begun, Oft ftain'd the british Alps with native blood, Or gorged the wolves, and filies of the flood, While While brazen throated War, with hidious roar Re bellowed to the farthest THULE's shore!! Prince of Mountains ! from whole towering height, Stupendous objecs strike th' astonished sight, Thy sounding cataracts, and mingled caves, Thy melting flows that swell old Ocean's waves, Thy craggy cliffs from whence with furious sweep The ruffling tempests route the troubled deep; Amazing scenes! incpire the Poet's long, That brings the fine and liberal arts along, Well might the artists here, ITALIA's boast, Find scenes well suited on thy British coast. Rosa! whose pencil still sublimely wrought, In all the majesty of boundless thought, Who traced wild Nature in her rudest forms, Mhidft broken rocks and oceans vexed by tforms; Here might have proved the wonders of his hand, - And caught new beauties from the varied land, Till Till thy soft art the brightest tints beftow'd, And warm with life the swelling canvas glowed. MENAI, whose stream more soft and gentle flows, Whose frequent murm'rings lull to calm repose, Wide to Ierne's coast her course that bends, And towards the vast Atlantic deep etends; Seas ever rolling to far distant Skies, And other climes where other stars arise, Where happier isles the great COLUMBUS found, And lands extending to the world's vast bound, With that ilnmenfe and long unnoticed shore Stretched from maget.ran to rough LABRADOR And northward still, beyond where man can trace The seats remote of many' a savage race, Even to the Children of the Sun unknown, And swarthy tribes that fill the torrid zone! MENAI! thy waves and banks descending slow, Bright with the face of Morn's effulgence glow. F Not Not rich PACT L US, pride of Phrygian lands, Nor afric's ftrearn that roll over golden lands, More deep imbibe the fun's enlivening ray, Refled his beams, and glitter on the day! HERE might the Poet sing in strains sublime Drawn fi-om the records p.s. remoter time, How, on thy banks, a mingled barbarous host In flaughter'd thousands ftrew'd the British coast, Well pleased still CAMBRIA hears her t OWEN's name And ranks the hero in her list of fame, Who saw fair Peace and Liberty restored And fav'd his People from a foreign Lord. -- -