kind, than Virgil's account of the burning of Troy. But this does not imply, that we flould, like Nero, take any pleasure in such an event, if it were real and present. Indeed, few appearances are more beautiful, or more sublime , than a mass of flame, rolling in the wind, and blazing to heaven: whence illuminations, bonfires, and fireworks make part of a modern triumph. Yet deltru&ion by fire is of all earthly things the most terrible. An object more astonishing both to the eye, and to the ear, there is hardly in nature, than (what is sometimes to be seen in the West Indies) a plantation of sugar canes on fire, flaming to a vast height, sweeping the whole country, and every moment sending forth a thousand explosions, like those of artillery. A good description of such a scene we should admire as sublime : for a description can neither burn nor destroy. But the plaster, who sees it desolating his fields, and ruining all his hopes, can feel no other emotions than horror and sorrow. In a word, the Sublime , in order to give pleasing astonishment , must be either imaginary, or not immediately pernicious. There is a kind of horror , which may be infused into the mind both by natural appearances, and by verbal description; and which, though it make the blood seem to run cold, and produce a momentary fear, is not unpleasing, but may be even agreeable; and therefore, the objects B b2 that that produce it are jufly denominated sublime . Of natural appearances that asset the mind in this manner, are vast caverns, deep and dark woods, overhanging precipices, the agitation of the sea in a itorm: and some of the sounds abovementioned have the same effet, as those of cannon and thunder . Verbal descriptions infusing sublime horror are such as convey lively ideas, of the objecs of superstition, as ghosts and enchantments; or of the thoughts that haunt the imaginations of the guilty; or of those external things, which are pleasingly terrible, as storms, conflagrations, and the like. It may seem strange, that horror of any kind should give pleasure. But the fais certain. Why do people run to see battles, executions; and Shipwrecks? Is it, as an Epicurean would say, to compare themselves with others, and exult in their own security while they see the distress of those who susser? No, surely: good minds are swayed by different motives. It is, that they .may be at hand, to give every assistance in their power to their unhappy brethren? This would draw the benevolent, and even the tenderhearted, to a shipwreck; but to a battle, or to an execution, could not bring fpecators, because there the humanity of individuals is of no use. It mull be, because a sort of gloomy satisfaction, or terrific pleasure, accompanies the gratification of that curiosity, which events of this nature are apt to raise in minds of a certain frame. No parts of Tasso are read with greater relish, than where he describes the darkness, silence, and other horrors , of the enchanted forest: and and the poet himself is so sensible of the captivating influence of such ideas over the human imagination , that he makes the caltrophe of the poem in some measure depend upon them. Milton is not less enamoured ' of forests " and enchantments drear: " as appears from the use to which he applies them in Comus: the scenery whereof charms us the more, because it affects our minds, as it did the bewildered lady, and causes " a rhoufand fantasies- -- throng into the memory, Of calling shapes, and beckoning Ihadows dire, And aery tongues, that syllable men's names On sands, and Ihores, and desert wildernesses. Forests in every age muff have had attractive horrors : otherwise so many nations would not have resorted thither, to celebrate the rites of superstition. And the inventors of what is called the Gothic, but perhaps should rather be called the Saracen, architecure, must have been enraptured with the same imagery, when, in forming and arranging the pillars and aisles of their churches, they were so careful to imitate the rows of lofty trees in a deep grove. Observe a few children assembled about a fire, and listening to tales of apparitions and witch. craft. You may see them grow pale, and crowd closer and closer through fear: while he who is snug in the chimney corner, and at the greatest distance from the door, confiders himself as Bb 3 peculi. peculiarly fortunate; because he thinks that, if the gholt flou!d enter, le has a better chance to escape, than if he were in a more exposed situation. And yet, notwithstanding their present, and their apprehension of future, fears, you could not perhaps propose any amusement that would at this time be more acceptable. The same love of such horrors as are not attended with sensible inconvenience continues with us through life: and Aristotle has affirmed, that the end of tragedy is to purify the soul by the operations of pity and terror . The mind and body of man are so constituted, that without ac.ion, neither can the one be healthy, nor the other happy. And as bodily exercises, though attended with fatigue, as Dancing, or with some degree of danger; as Hunting, are not on that account the less agreeable; so thofe.things give delight, which rouse the soul, even when they bring along with them horror , anxiety, or sorrow, provided these passions be transient, and their causes rather imaginary than real. The most perfec models of sublimity are seen in the works of nature. Pyramids, palaces, fireworks, temples, artificial lakes and canals, ships of war, fortifications, hills levelled and caves hollowed by human industry, are mighty efforts, no doubt, and awaken in every beholder a pleasing admiration; but appear as nothing, when we compare them, in refpec' of magnificence, with. mountains , volcanoes, rivers, cataracs, oceans, the expanse of heaven, clouds and storms, thunder and lightning, the fun, moon,