battle without his arms: but a warrior of romance, whether armed or not, could sell a troop of horse to the earth at one blow, tear up trees by the root, and now and then throw a piece of a mountain at the enemy. The true sublime is always natural and credible: but unbounded exaggerations, that surpass all proportion and all belief, are more apt to provoke laughter than astonishment . Poetry becomes sublime in many ways: and as this is the only fine art, which can at present supply us with examples, I shall from it fele& a specimen with his admirable Discourse delivered in the Royal Academy, in December, one thousand seven hundred and feventy two. The few pieces I have seen of Michael Angelo must have been in his worf manner. specimen or two of the different sorts of sublimity . i. Poetry is sublime , when it elevates the mind. This indeed is a general characer of greatness. But I speak here of sentiments so happily conceived and expressed, as to raise our as fecions above the low pursuits of sensuality and avarice, and animate us with the love of virtue and of honour. As a specimen, let me recommend the account, which Virgil gives in his eighth book, of the person, family, and kingdom of evander an Arcadian prince, who, aster being trained up in all the discipline of Greece, established himself and his people in that part of Italy, where, a few centuries after, was built the great metropolis of the Roman empire. In the imidft of poverty, that good old man retains a philosophical and a royal dignity. " This habi " tation," says he, to ieneas, who had made him a visit, " has been honoured with the presence "of Hercules himself. Dare, my guest, to despise riches; and do thou also fashion thyself " into a likeness of God: " or, as some render it, " do thou also make thyself worthy of immor. " tality." Aude, hospes, contemnere opens; et te quo. que dignum Singe Deo. There is a strength in the expression, whereof our language is not capable. ' I despise the world, says says Dryden, " when I read it, and myself when " I attempt to translate it." 2. Poetry is sublime , when it conveys a lively idea of any grand appearance in art or nature. A nobler description of this sort I do not at present remember, than that which Virgil gives, in the first book of the Georgick, of a dark night, with wind, rain, and lightning : where Jupiter appears, encompassed with clouds and storms, darting his thunderbolts, and overturning the mountains , while the ocean is roaring, the earth trembling, the wild beasts fled away, the rain pouring down in torrents, the woods resounding to the tempest , and all mankind overwhelmed with consternation Ipse The following is a more literal translation: but I know not how to imitate, in modern language, the awful , (I had almorf said, the dreadful) simplicity of the original. High in the midnight torm enthroned, Heaven's Sire Hurls from his blazing arm the bolt of fire. Earth feels with trembling; every beast is fled; And nations proltrate fall, overwhelmed with dread, Athos rolls headlong, where his lightnings fly, The rocks of Rhodope in ruin lie, Or huge Keraunia. With redoubled rage The torrent, rain and bellowing wind engage; Loud in the woods after the tempests roar, And mountain billows burst in thunder on the Shore. Ipse pater, media nimborum in note, corufca Fulmina molitur dextra; quo maxima motu Terra tremit, fugere ferae, et mortalia corda Per gentes humilis ftravit pavor. Ille flagranti Aut Atho, aut Rhodopen, aut alta Keraunia telo Dejicit; ingeminant auftri, et denfiflimus imber; Nunc nemora ingenti vento, nunc littora plangunt.* This description astonishes , both by the grandeur, and by the horror of the scene, which is either wrapped in total darkness, or made visible by the glare of lightning. And the poet has expressed it with the happiest solemnity of style, and a sonorous harmony of numbers. as examples of the same sort of sublimity , namely of great images with a mixture of horror , I might call the reader's attention to the storm in the beginning of the ]Eneid, the death of Cacus in the eighth book, to the account of Tartarus in the sixth, and that of the burning of Troy in the second. But in the style of dreadful magnificence, nothing is superior, and scarce anything equal, to Milton's representation of hell and chaos, in the first and second book of Paradise Lost. In the concluding paragraph of the same work, there is brought together, with uncommon itrength of fancy, and rapidity of narrative, a number of circumstances, wonderfully adapted to the purpose Georg. I. 328, pose of filling the mind with ideas of terrific grandeur: the descent of the cherubim; the flaming sword; the archangel leading in halte our first parents down from the heights of paradise, and then disappearing; and, above all, the scene that presents itself on their looking behind them: They, looking back, all th' eastern cliff beheld Of Paradise, so late their happy seat, Waved over by that flaming brand; the gate With dreadful faces thronged and fiery arms. To which the last verses form the most striking contrast that can be imagined : Some natural tears they dropped, but wiped them soon. The world was all before them, where to choose Their place of rest, and Providence their guide. They, hand in hand, with wandering steps and slow, Through Eden took their solitary way. The final couplet renews our sorrows; by exhibiting, with picturesque accuracy, the most mournful scene in nature; which yet is so prepared, as to raise comfort, and dispose to resignation. And thus, while we are at once melting in tenderneis, elevated with pious hope, and overwhelmed with the the grandeur of description, the divine poem concludes. What luxury of mental gratification is here! Who would exchange this frame