admire, or confider as great, we are apt to speak of in such terms, as if we conceived it to be high in place: and what we look upon as less important, we express in words that properly denote low situation. We go up to London; and thence down into the country. The Jews spoke in the same manner of their metropolis, which was to them the objee cf religious veneration. " Jerusalem," says the Pfalmilt, " is a city, to which the tribes go up: " and the parable of the good Samaritan begins thus, " A certain man went down from Jerusalem to Jericho." Conformably to the same idiom, heaven is supposed to be above, and hell to be beneath; and we say, that generous minds endeavour to reach the summit of excellence, and think it beneath them to do, or design, anything that is base. The terms base, grovelling, low, c. and those of opposite import, elevated, aspiring, lofty, as applied in a figurative sense to the energies of mind, do all take their rise from the same modes of thinking. The Latins expressed admiration by a verb which properly signifies, to lock tp (fufpicere); and contempt by another rdefpicere) whose original meaning is, to look down. A high seat is erected for a king, or a chief magistrate, and a lofty pedestal for the tfatue of a hero; partly, no doubt, that they may be Seen at the greater distance, and partly, also, out of relpec' to their dignity. But mere local elevation is not the only source of sublimity . Things that surpass in magnitude; as a spacious building, a great city, a large river, a vail mountain , a wide profpet, the ocean, the expanse of heaven, fill the mind of the beholder wi: h the same agreeable aftoniflment. And ob ferle, serve, that it is rather the relative magnitude of things, as compared with others of the same kind, that raises this emotion, than their absolute quantity of matter. That may be a sublime edifice, which in real magnitude falls far short of a finall hill that is not sublime : and a river two furlongs in breadth is a majestic appearance, though in extent of water it is as nothing when compared with the ocean. Great number, too, when it gives rise to admiration, may be referred to the same class of things. Hence an army, or navy, a long succes sion of years, eternity, and the like, are sublime , because they at once please and astonish . In contemplating such ideas or objecs, we are conscious of something like an expansion of our faculties, as if we were exerting our whole capacity to comprehend the vastness of that which commands our attention. This energy of the mind is pleasing, as all mental energies are, when unaccompanied with pain: and the pleasure is heightened by our admiration of the object itself; for admiration is always agreeable. In many cafes, great number is connected with other grand ideas, which add to its own grandeur. A fleet, or army, makes us think of power, and courage, and danger, and presents a variety of brilliant images. A long succession, of years brings to view the vicissitude of human things, and the uncertainty of life, which sooner or later must yield to death, the irresistible destroyer. spe6tator, Numb. 412. Gerard on Tafe. destroyer. And eternity reminds us of that awfiiu consideration, our own immortality; and is conneted with an idea still more sublime , and indeed the moss sublime of all, namely, with the idea of HIM, who fills immensity with his presence; creates, preserves, and governs all things; and is from everlasting to everlasting. In general, whatever awakens in us this pleasurable aftoniflrrent is accounted sublime , whether it be connected with quantity and number, or not. The harmony of a loud and full organ conveys, no doubt, an idea of expansion and of power; but, independently on this, it overpowers with so sweet a violence, as charms and as. tonifhes at the same time: and we are generally conscious of an elevation of mind when we hear it, even though the ear be not sensible of any melody. Thunder and tempest are still more elevating, when one hears them without fear; because the sound is still more stupendous; and because they fill the imagination with the magnificent idea of the expanse of heaven and earth, through which they direc their terrible career, and of that Almighty Being, whose will controls all nature. The roar 'of cannon, in like manner, when considered as harmless, gives a dreadful delight; partly by the overwhelming sensation wherewith it affects the ear, and partly by the ideas of power and danger, triumph and fortitude, which it conveys to the fancy. Those passions of the soul yield a pleating astonishment , which discover a high degree of moral excellence, or are in any way connected with great number, or great quantity. Benevolence and piety are sublime affections; for the the object of the one is the Deity himself, the greatest, and the bel:; and that of the other is the whole human race, or the whole system of percipient beings. Fortitude and generofty are sublime emotions: because they discover a degree of virtue, which is not everywhere to be met with; and exert themselves in actions, that are at once difficult, and beneficial to mankind *. Great intellecual abilities, as the genius of Homer, or of Newton, we cannot contemplate without wonder and delight, and must therefore refer to that class of things whereof I now speak. Nay, great bodily firength is a sublime objeet; for we are agreeably aftonifled, when we see it exerted, or hear of its effects. There is even a sublime beauty, which both astonishes and charms: but this will be found 'n those persons only, or chiefly, who unite fine features with a majestic form; such as we may suppose an ancient tfatuary would have reprefellted Juno, or Minerva, Achilles, or Apollo.