boundless expanse of the Ocean. All vastness produces the impression of Sublimity . It is to be remarked, however, that space, extended in * See a Philosophical Inquiry into the Origin of our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful. Dr. Gerard on Talle, Selion II Elements of Criticism, Chap. 1. length, L E C T. length, makes not so strong an impression as III. _ rheight or depth. Though a boundless plain be a grand object, yet a high mountain , to which we look up, or an awful precipice or tower whence we look down on the objeits which lie below, is still more so. The excessive Grandeur of the firmament arises from its height, joined to its boundless extent; and that of the ocean, not from its extent alone, but from the perpetual motion and irresistible force of that mass of waters. Wherever space is concerned, it is clear, that amplitude or greatness of extent, in one dimension or other, is necessary to Grandeur. Remove all bounds from any objet, and you presently render it sublime . Hence infinite space, endless numbers, and eternal duration, fill the mind with great ideas. FROM this some have imagined , that vastness , or amplitude of extent, is the foundation of all Sublimity . But I cannot be of this opinion, because many objects appear sublime which have no relation to space at all. Such, for instance, is great loudness of sound. The burst of thunder or of cannon, the roaring of winds, the shouting of multitudes, the sound of vast cataracs of water, are all inconteftibly grand objects. C I heard the voice of a great "multitude, as the sound of many waters, "and of mighty thunderings , saying Alleju "jah." '"jah." In general we may observe, that LE C TA. great power and force exerted, always raise IL sublime ideas: and perhaps the most copious source of these is derived from this quarter. Hence the grandeur of earthquakes and burning mountains ; of great conflagrations; of the stormy ocean, and overflowing waters; of tempests of wind; of thunder and lightning; and of all the uncommon violence of the elements. Nothing is more sublime than mighty power and strength. A stream that runs within its banks, is a beautiful object; but when it rushes down with the impetuosity and noise of a torrent, it presently becomes a sub Ilime one. From lions, and other animals of strength, are drawn sublime comparisons 'in poets. A race horse is looked upon with i pleasure; but it is the warhorse" " neck is clothed with thunder ," that carries grandeur in its idea. The engagement of two great armies, as it is the highest exertion of human might, combines a variety of sources of the Sublime ; and has accordingly been always jconfidered as one of the most striking and nmagnificent fpetacles that can be either pre fsented to the eye, or exhibited to the imagination in description. FOR the farther illustration of this subject, it is proper to remark, that all ideas of the solemn and awful kind, and even bordering on the L E C T. the terrible, tend greatly to amfit the Sublime ; 1-' i. such as darkness, solitude, and silence. What are the scenes of nature that elevate the mind in the highest degree, and produce the sublime sensation? Not the gay landscape, the flowery field, or the flourishing city; but the hoary mountain , and the solitary lake; the aged forest, and the torrent falling over the rock, Hence too, night fcenes are commonly the nmot sublime . The firmament when filled with stars, scattered in such vast nuimbers, and with such magnificent profusion, firikes the imagination with a more awful grandeur, than when we view it enlightened by all the splendour of the Sun. The deep sound of a great bell, or the striking of a great clock, are at any time grand; but, when heard amid the silence and frillnefs of the night, they become doubly so. Darkness is very commonly applied for adding sublimity to all our ideas of the Deity. " He maketh darkness his pa" "; he dwelleth in the thick cloud." So Milton: -- How oft, amidst Thick clouds and dark, does Heaven's all ruling Sire Choose to reside, his glory unobfcured, And, with the Majesty of darkness, round Circles his throne BOOK II 263. Observe, with how much art Virgil has introduced all those ideas of silence, vacuity, and darkness, when he is going to introduce his Hero Hero to the infernal regions, and to disclose L r C T. the secrets of the great deep. L Dii qtibus imperium eft animarum, umbraeque silentes, Et Chaos, et Phlegethon, loca note filentia late, Sit mihi fas audita loqui; sit numine vefsro Pandere res altai terra, et calligine merfas. Ibant obfcuri, sola sub no, per umbram, Perque domns Ditis vacuos, et inania regna; Quale per incertam Lunan, sub luce maligna Eft iter in fylvis *. These passages I quote at present, not so much as instances of Sublime Writing, though in themselves they truly are so, as to slew, by the effect of them, that the objects. which they present to us, belong to the class of sublime ones. OBSCURITY , we are farther to remark, is not unfavourable to the Sublime . Though ' Ye subterranean Gods, whose awful fvay The gliding ghosts and silent shades obey; O Chaos, hear! and Phlegethon profound! Whose solemn empire iretches wide around! Give me, ye great tremendous powecr! to tell Of scenes and wonders in the depths of Hell; Give me your mighty secrets to display, From those black realms of darkness to the day. PITT. Obscure they went; through dreary Ihades, that led Along the waste dominions of the dead; As wander travellers in woods by night, By the moon's doubtful and malignant light. ..;. ...........D RY dtn i it L E C T. it render the object indiftint, the 'impreffron, however, may be.great, for, as an ingenious Author has well observe, it is one thing to make