doubt, many GERMAN englisn gardens so whimsically and ridiculously laid out, that they only excite pity and contempt. Who can forbear laughing to see forests of poplar trees scarcely large enough to warm a chamber ftove for a week; mole hills, which they call mountains ; menageries of tame and savage animals, birds and amphibious creatures, grinbing 'in native grandeur upon tin; bridges without number across a river which a couple of ducks would drink dry; wooden fifles swimming in canals which the piu'p every morning. supplies with water? All this is Certainly not less natural than the pitiful taste of our ance itors. But if, on the contrary, in the galdeni of M. Hr NUBER at mv3arienizerder every look elevate my soul towards God, if every point of'view afford to the eye sublime repose, if on every 'bank 1 discover fcehes ever smiling .and ever 'new, if my heart feel relief from the afpe& of this enchanting place, halli amuse myself by difcuffingy whether what I see might have been done in a different way, and permit the dill rules 'of cold and tasteless maiters to diminish my pleasures? Scenes of serenity, whether created by tasteful art, or by the cunning hand of nature, always convey tranquillity to the heart; an effeet which it owes to the imagination . If a soft silence breathe around, and every object be pleasant to my view;, it if rural scenes absorb all my attention, and dissipate the grief that lies heavy on my heart; if the loveliness of Solitude enchant me, and, gradually subduing my soul, leave it full of benevolence, love, and content; I ought to thank God for the imagination which, although it has indeed frequently caused the trouble of my life, has always led me, in retirement, to some friendly rock, upon which I could hang while I contemplated with greater composure the tempests I had escaped. A celebrated Engliflh writer has said, that "' SOLITUDE, on the firqf view of it, inspires " the mind with terror , because everything that " brings with it the idea of privation is terrific, C and therefore sublime , like space, darkness, " and silence." In Swifrlan ad, and especially near the canton of BERNE, the Alps have at a * A French writer has embelliflhed this idea with all the riches of eloquence. " There is no mind of sensibility which C has not tasted in the retreats of SOLITUDE those delicious "moments when MAN, fleeing from the delusions of falsehood, "enters into his own heart to seek the sparks of truth. What pleasure, after having been tossed during many years on the " sea of life, to climb some friendly rock, and reflea in peace " and safety on the tempest and shipwrecks which enlfued! " Happy the man who can then forget the idle prejudices which " occupythe mind: the niferies of humanity vanillh from his sight; august TIRUT fills his bofoin with the pureftjoys, " It is only in these moments, acld in those wvhich precede thle " dissolution of our mortal frame, that MIAN can learn what " he is upon this earth, and what this earth is to him." R 3 distance diftan anc an atoniihing grandeur of appearance but viewed nearer, they inspire images terrific and sublime . That species of grandeur, which accompanies the idea of infinity, charms the eye when seen at a proper distance. The heart feels nothing but ravishment, while the eye observes from afar the uninterrupted chain of these immense mountains , these enormous masses rising one above the other. The succession of soft and lively shades tempers the impression, and gives to this prodigious wall of rocks more of the agreeable than the sublime . On the contrary, a mind of sensibility cannot take a near view of these mountains without feeling an involuntary trembling. The eye looks with fear on their eternal snows, their steep ascents, their obscure caverns, the torrents which precipitate themselves with resounding noise over their summits, forming innumerable cascades, the dark foreits of sir with which their fides are overcharged, and the enormous fragments of rocks which time and tem pess have detached from their foundations. How my heart beat, when, for the first time, I climbed through a steep and narrow path upon those sublime deserts, continually discovering new mountains rising over my head, while upon the least fumble death menaced me in a thousand different ihapes below! But imagination soon begins to kindle, when you perceive yourself self alone in the midf of all this grandeur of nature, and reflec from these heights on the nothingness of human power, and the weakness of the greatest monarchs! THE history of Swifferland evinces, that the inhabitants of these mountains are not men of a degenerated cast, but that their sentiments are elevated, and their feelings warm. Their boldness and intrepidity are innate; the spirit of Liberty gives wings to their souls; and they trample tyranny and tyrants under their feet. But the spirit of liberty is only to be found genuine among the inhabitants of the Alps; for all the Swiss are not in reality free, although they have notions of liberty, love their country, and return their thanks to THE ALMIGHTY for. that happy peace which permits each individual to live quietly under his vine, and to enjoy the shade of his fig tree. THE Alps in Swifierland are inhabited by a race of men sometimes unsociable, but always good and generous. The severity of their climate renders them hardy and robust, while their pastoral life adds softness to their characters. An Englishman has said, that he who never heard thunder in the Alps, cannot conceive any idea of the continuity of the lightning, the rolling R 4 and and the burst of the thunder which roars round the horizon of these immense mountains . The inhabitants of the Alps therefore, who have never seen better houses than their own cabins, or any other country than their native rocks, conceive