near HANOVER, I forgot for the moment both my country and my grief. THE charm was new to my mind. I was not then apprised that it was possible, upon so small a scale, to imitate the enchanting variety and the noble firnplicity of Nature. I was not till then convinced that her aspet alone is sufficient, at the first view, to obliterate all the oppression of the world, to excite in our breasts the purest luxury, to fill our minds with every sentiment that can create a fondness for life. I still bless the hour when I first learned this secret. THIS new reunion of ART and NATURE, which was invented not in China but in England, is founded upon a refined taste for the beauties of nature, confirmed by experience, and by the sentiments which a chaste fancy reflects upon a feeling heart. HIRCHFELD, the great painter of nature, an amiable and sensible philosopher, .the first German who by his admirable theories introduced among us a knowledge of gardening, is become, by his communications upon this sub je, one of the great benefators to his country. R z THERE THERE are, without doubt, many GERMAN.. ENGLISH gardens so whimsically and ridiculously laid out, that they only excite pity and contempt. Who can forbear laughing to see forests of poplar trees scarcely large enough to warm a chamber ftove for a week; mole hills which they call mountains ; menageries of tame and savage animals, birds and amphibious creatures, grinning in native grandeur upon tin; bridges without number across a river which a couple of ducks would drink dry; wooden fish swimming in canals which the pump every morning supplies with water ?- All this is certainly not less natural than the pitiful taste of our ancestors. But if, on, the contrary, in the garden of M. H NU B eratmarienwerder every look elevates my soul towards God, if every point of view affords to the eye sublime repose, if on every bank I discover scenes ever finiling and ever new, if my heart feels relief from the aspect of this enchanting place, shall I amuse myself by difcufring, whether what I see might have been done in a different way, and permit the dull rules of cold and tasteless masters to diminish my pleasures? Scenes of serenity, whether created by tasteful art or by the cunning hand of nature, always convey tranquillity to the heart; an effect which it owes to the imagination . If a soft silence breathes around, and every object is pleasant to my view; if if rural scenes absorb all my attention, and dissipate the grief that lies heavy on my heart; if the loveliness of Solitude enchants me, and, gradually subduing my soul, leaves it full of benevolence, love, and content; I ought to thank God for the imagination which, although it has indeed frequently caused the trouble of my life, has always led me, in retirement, to some friendly rock, upon which I could hang while I contemplated with greater composure the tempests I had escaped *. A celebrated English writer has said, that " SOLITUDE, on the firrf view of it, inspires " the mind "'ith terror , because everything that " brings with it the idea of privation is terrific, " and therefore sublime , like space, darkness, " and silence." In Swijferland, and especially near the Canton of BERNF, the Alps have at a * A French writer has embellished this idea with all the riches of eloquence. "' There is no mind of sensibility which " has not tafied in the retreats of SOLITUDE those delicious ' moments when MAN, flying from the delusions of falsehood, " enters into his own heart to seek the sparks of truth! What '* pleasure, after having been tossed during many years on the " ea of life, to climb some friendly rock, and reflet in peace ' and safety on the tempest and Shipwrecks which ensued t " Happy the man who can then forget the idle prejudices ' which occupy the mind: the miseries of humanity vanish ' from his sight; august T R U TH fills his bosom with the purest "joys. It is only in there moments, and in those which precede the dissolution of our mortal frame, that MAN can learn "what he is upon this earth, and what this earth is to him." R 3 distance distance an astonishing grandeur of appearance; but viewed nearer, they inspire images terrific and sublime . That species of grandeur which accompanies the idea of infinity, charms the eye when seen at a proper distance. The heart feels nothing but ravishment, while the eye observes from afar the uninterrupted chain of these immense mountains , these enormous mafes rising one above the other. The succession of soft and lively [hades temper the impression, and give to this prodigious wall of rocks more of the agreeable than the sublime . On the contrary, a mind of sensibility cannot take a near view of there mountains without feeling an involuntary trembling. Thie eye looks with fear on their eternal snows, their steep ascents, their obscure caverns, the torrents which precipitate themselves with resounding noise over their summits forming innumerable cascades, the dark forests of sir with which their fides are overcharged, and the enormous fragments of rocks which time and tempests have detached from their foundations. How my heart beat, when, for the first time, I climbed through a steep and narrow path upon those sublime deserts, continually discovering new mountains rising over my head, while upon the least stumble death menaced me in a thousand different shapes below! But imagination soon begins to kindle, when you perceive yourself self alone in the midst of all this grandeur of nature, and reflect from these heights on the nothingness of human power, and the weakness of the greatet Monarchs! THE History of sw.ijerland evinces, that the inhabitants of these mountains are not men of a degenerated cast, but that their