if my heart feel relief from the afpe& of this enchanting place, shall I amuse myself by discussing, whether what I see might have been done in a different way, and permit the dull rules of cold and tasteless matters to diminish rny pleasures? Scenes of serenity, whether created by tasteful art, or by the cunning hand of nature, always convey tranquillity to the heart; an effet which it owes to the imagination . If a soft silence breathe around, and every objeet be pleasant to my view; . it if rural scenes absorb all my attention, and dissipate the grief that lies heavy on my heart; if the loveliness of Solitude enchant me, and, gradually subduing my soul, leave it full of benevolence, love, and content; I ought to thank God for the imagination which, although it has indeed frequently. caused the trouble of my life, has always led me, in retirements to Tome friendly rock, upon which I could hang while I contemplated with greater composure the tempests I had escaped. A celebrated Englifl writer has said, that " SOLITUDE, on the first view of it, inspires " the mind with terror , because everything that C brings with it the idea of privation is terrific, " and therefore sublime , like space, darkness" " silence." .In Swijerlantd, and especially near the canton of BERNE, the Alps have at a * A French writer has embellifled this idea with all the riches of eloquence. " There is no mind of sensibility whicl "has not tasted in the retreats of SOLITUDE thote delicious " moments when MAN, fleeing from the delufionsoffallhood, " enters into his own heart to fcek the fp)3rks of truth. What pl, assure, after having been tossed during many years on the f" ea of life, to climb fimne friendly rock, and refiecr in peace and safety on the tempest and ihipwrecks which ensued! Happy theman who can then forget the idle prejudices wh; ichl " occupy the mind: the miseries of hum: lnity vanibh from his sight; august tnuth fills his bofoin with the pureftjoys. " It is only in thef: moments, and in those which precede the dilfolutiol of our mortal f ame, that MAN can learn what "' he is upon this earth, and what this earth is to him." R 3 distance distance an astonishing grandeur of appearance but viewed nearer, they in spire images terrific and sublime . That species of grandeur, which accompanies the idea of infinity, charms the eye when seen at a proper distance. The heart feels nothing but ravishment, while the eye observes from afar the uninterrupted chain of these immense mountains , these enormous masses rising one above the other. The succession of soft and lively shades tempers the impression, and gives to this prodigious wall of rocks more of the agreeable than the sublime . On the contrary, a mind of sensibility cannot take a near view of these mountains without feeling an involuntary trembling. The eye looks with fear on their eternal snows, their steep ascents, their obscure caverns, the torrents which precipitate themselves with resounding noise over their summits, forming innumerable cascades, the dark forests of sir with which their fides are overcharged, and the enormous fragments of rocks which time and tempests have detached from their foundations. How my heart beat, when, for the first time, I climbed through a steep and narrow path upon those sublime deserts, continually discovering new mountains rising over my head, while upon the least fumble death menaced me in a thousand different Ihapes below! But imagination soon begins to kindle, when you perceive yourself self alone in the midst of all this grandeur of nature, and reflet from these heights on the nothingness of human power, and the weakness of the greatest monarchs! THE history of Swiferland evinces, that the inhabitants of these mountains are not men of a degenerated cast, but that their Sentiments are elevated, and their feelings warm. Their boldness and intrepidity are innate; the spirit of Liberty gives wings to their souls; and they trample tyranny and tyrants under their feet. But the spirit of liberty is only to be found genuine among the inhabitants of the Alps; for all the Swiss are not in reality free, although they have notions of liberty, love their country, and return their thanks to THE ALMIGHTY for that happy peace which permits each individual to live quietly under his vine, and to enjoy the shade of his fig tree, THE Alps in Swfierland are inhabited by a race of men sometimes unsociable, but always good and generous. The severity of their climate renders them hardy and robust, while their pastoral life adds softness to their characters. An Englishman has said, that he who never heard thunder in the Alps, cannot conceive any idea of the continuity of the lightning, the rolling R 4 and and the burst of the thunder which roars round the horizon of these immense mountains . The inhabitants of the Alps therefore, who have never seen better houses than their own cabins, or any other country than their native rocks, conceive every part of the universe to be formed of the same rough materials, and a scene of unceasing tempefss. TH E Heavens, however, are not always threatening; the lightning does not continually flash upon their eyes, immediately after the most dreadful tempests , the hemisphere clears itself by slow degrees, and becomes serene. The heads and hearts of THE Swiss are of a similar nature; kindness succeeds to anger; and generosity to the most brutal fury: this may be easily proved, not only from the records of history, but from recent faas. ONE of the inhabitants of these stupendous mountains , GENERAL DE REDIN, born in the canton of Schwitz, was enrolled very early in life in the Swiss guards, and had attained the fation of lieutenant-general. His long residence at Paris and Versailles, however, did not in any degree alter his character; and he continued through life a