from the sublime , considering them as wholly diffina. But, notwithstanding the authority of a very ingenious author *, this observation seems to be but ill grounded. The sublime admits of a twofold division; that which is attended with the beautiful, and that which affects the mind with the more gloomy sensations. In a serene state of the air, the blue aether, the celestial bodies, the boundless ocean, are objeas both beautiful and * A Philosophical Inquiry, c. and sublime . Let the air be overcast with black clouds, and followed with tremendous claps of thunder , and flashes of lighten. ing; let the ocean be thrown into a tumultuous state, its vast and noisy billows breaking against hideous rocks: This, and the like convulsions of nature, make examples of the awful and gloomy sublime . The rising fun is an object both beautiful and sublime . Ovid's description of the palace of the fun, and Virgil's of Cyrene's watery mansions, are sublime and beautiful. But the storm of Ceyx, by the former, and that of Aeneas, by the latter, are examples of the opposite kind of the sublime . Shakespeare, in some of his capital tragedies, hath availed himself of the awful sublime ; which, in the theatrical exhibition, hath proved of considerable use; for, though his moral maxims, and bold delineations of Nature, might fiill have had their jdue influence on the more thinking part of an an audience, or with those of a more refined taste , independent of these shows, the greater part will always be found to yield their minds to the awful gloom of this kind of machinery. It hath been observed, that the sublime ought always to be attended with a degree of obscurity , and that we ought not to see the limits of the objects described. This observation will be found to hold in that kind of the sublime which assets the mind with astonishment , terror , or the like passions. But, when the beautiful is joined with the sublime , this obscurity is not equally necessary. The cafe seems to be, that, in the former, the imagination being struck with something awful , the utmost boundaries of which remain unknown, naturally figures to itself objects more tremendous than if the description had been more definite. To ascertain the nature and different kinds of the sublime , a variety of passages hath hath been brought from the more distinguished poets, and likewise from the sacred records *. Among these, a passage in the book of Job hath been often remarked; and the ingenious author t, mentioned above, observes justly, that the influence of that passage upon the mind arises chiefly from its obscurity . I was told by a friend, that, from his being a boy at school, he had never read that passage without a thrilling sensation, which seemed to pass through his body. This he ascribed to a natural timidity; but was afterwards nor a little pleased to find it repeatedly quoted by authors of taste , as a striking example of the sublime . " In thoughts from the visions " of the night, when deep sleep falleth up. " on men, fear came upon me, and trem " bling, which made all my bones to fliake " Then a spirit passed before my face " The hair of my flesh stood up. It fiooi " till, but Icould not dijcern thefornm there * See Mr Smith's Commentary on Longinus. t A Philosophical Inquiry, c, , an image was before mine eyes; " there was silence; and I heard a voice, " Shall mortal man be more just than " God ?" The style of the antierit oriental composition is so different from that of the modern, that an author at present cannot ex pet success from any imitation of it; We learn, neverthelefsj front many parts of these ancient records, that groups of ideas, di [indly arranged, and forcibly conveyed to : he mind in few but apposite words, give nerves and strength to composition. The tccount of Joseph, particularly where he nakes himself known to his brethren, is endered affeaing, chiefly by the natural implicity of the language, and unaffected nanner of the historian. " In the simple 'narration of the sacred historian," says a earned and ingenious divine, " it is set before us with greater energy and higher; effet, than if it had been wrought up N " with "with all the colouring of the moll admired modern eloquence '." It hath been universally allowed that these witings abound with sublime passages, But it hath not been so generally remarked, that the peculiar excellency of these passages consists chiefly in a bold and majestic simplicity. Hence the best paraphrases and versifications have constantly been found inferior to the original, or to literal translations from it. Even the solicitous agita. tions of the mind may be more happily expressed in a few words than in extended periods. Were lamentations for female barrenness, or prayers to remove this evil, to be composed at large, and in the moll artificial language, these could not be more expressive of the state of the mind, than the request of Rachel to her husband, " Give " me children, or I die; " and so of many other passages. In general, a bold and sho adumbration * Sermon on the character of Joseph by Dr Blair. adumbration is better suited to the sublime , i than minute and laboured descriptions, especially that of the awful kind. It is owing to this obscurity in the fu Iblime, that poets have availed thernfelves so much of madness. In this state of the mind, wild and unconneced expressions are thrown out, which attrac the attention, and strike the imagination more forcibly than a regular chain of argumentation. Hamlet and Lear abound with excellent examples of this kind. But, to ordinary jpoets, this would prove a pathless forest, in Iwhich they would be apt to lose thernfelves. The ancients, and particularly the Greeks, iwere not ignorant of the advantages to be