traveller will enjoy one of the grandest prospects Britain can afford. His attention is lost in variety; and his imagination , for a while, suspends its powers in contemplating indiscriminately the vast , but diversified assemblage. In this situation he will recollet with pleasure the animated lines of Thomson, whose descriptive genius , selecting with precision the sublime and beautiful in nature, must continue to do honour to his country, so long as taste and elegance are regarded. F 2 "Meantime you gain the height, fromwhofe fair brow " The bursting prospea spreads imiense around, " And snatched over hill, and dale, and wood, and lawn, " And verdant fields, and darkening heath between, "And villages embosomed soft in trees, And spiring towns, by surging columns marked Of household smoke, your eye excursive warms; " Wide stretchiigfrom thelhail, in whose kindhaunt, " The hospitable genius lingers fill, " To where the broken landscape by degrees " Ascending, roughens into rigid hills." WHEN the traveller is so fortunate as to find the top free of mist and the sky serene, which is more generally the case during the months of harvest than at any other season of the year, he will see eastward as far as Edinburgh; south as far as Ayr, with the fiith of Clyde and its islands: On the west, he discovers the Atlantic ocean and the western isles; and on the north, moun tiins innumerable, that seem to vie with each other in height and grandeur. Among these he will observe Ben Nevis. Ben Lawers, Cruchan Ben, and others, that in gloomy majesty obtrude themselves upon the eye of the astonished specator. BE N LOMOND rises 3262 feet above the level of the sea, and on one side is almost perpendicular. We can imagine , perhaps, very few situations, in which the mind is struck with more awful , but sublime sensations,. than in looking down from this tre -- mendous eminence on the.waters of the lake that undulate below.. The fancy, overpowered with a. thousand images of danger and of death, recoils with precipitance from the awful pro spea; the shivering nerves lose their energy, and the feet cling hard to the: r surface that supports them, but that seems to tremble under their steps. THE following lines which the author found written upon a pane of glass in the public-house at Tarbert he was induced to copy, partly for the purpose the poet seems to have meant them, but particularly on account of the n: aivete and beauty of the composition: qualities indeed, that are seldom to be met with, in compositions prolmpted by the tavern muse. It were indeed devoutly to be wished she had fewer votaries, or that their etu1 ions were less rude and indelicate than we generally find them. The following, however, are certainly an cxception, and may not be unacceptable to the reader. STRANCE.! if over this pane of glass perchance Thry roving cyce bhould cat a casual glance; If taste for grandeur, and the dread sublime , - Prompt thee BEN LOMOND's fearful height to climb: Here stop attentive, nor with scorn refuse, The friendly rhymings of a tavern muse, For thee the muse this rude inscription planned, Prompted for thee her humble poet's hand.' Heed thou the poet; he thy steps shall lead, Safe over yon towering hill's aspiring head; Attentive then to this informing lay, Read how he dictates, as he points the way. Trust not at first a quick adventurous pace, Six MILES its top points gradual from the base. Up the high rise with panting haste I passed, And gained the long laborious steep at last. Molre prudent thou, when once you pass the deep, With measured pace, and slow, ascend the steep. Oft stay thy steps, oft taste the CORDIAL DROP, And rest, oh rest, long, long, upon the top. 'There hail the breezes, nor with toilsome haste, Down the rough slope thy precious vigour waste: So shall thy wondering sight at once survey, vxalcs, lakes, woods, mountains , islands, rocks and sra, iug e hills, that heaped in crowded order stand, Strctch'd o'cr the northern and the western land; Vast lumpy groups, while EILN, who often shrouds hlis lofty summit in a vale of clouds, ihigh over the rest displays superior state, In proud preeminence sublimely great. One side all awful.to the astonished eye, Presents a rise three hundred fathoms high. The scene tremendous, shocks the startled sense, In all the pomp of dread magnificence: All this and more, shalt thou transported see, And own a faithful monitor in me. THOMAS RUSSEL, 03. 3d, i771. THESE verses, though a little different in some lines from copies of them already published, are here the very same as the original on the pane of glass. POINT OF FIRKIN. AFTER passing Inveruglass the road ascends towards the Point of Firkin, and upon this side is remarkably steep, but finely shaded on both sides by natural oaks. From the top of this promontory, the traveller will again have a view of the lake and its islands, which he has already seen in so many different aspects. A vast assemblage of other olbjeds, however, that obtrude upon the sight, render the view from this place, much superior to what can be had anywhere else upon the road. The traveller, indeed, if he has any taste for the sublime and grand in nature, will find himself amply repaid for his laborious ascent; nor will he feel himself disposed to regret the want of discernment in the original conducors of the road, who, instead of leading it along the shores of the lake, which the ease and convenience of the traveller would have dictated, chose rather to climb the arduous steep, and contemplate at leisure the oljets that surround it. In the front is the lake and its wood cover ed isles of different forms and magnitude. While we amuse ourselves ill contemplating the wild and irregular rocks, that project from their sides in a variety of