-- Sheridan. I have thus, in a brief manner, considered the merits of our English lyric poets, and attempted to prove, that in the Sublime , Pathetic and Descriptive Ode they are not inferior to the ancients, and in the Amatory make a near approach to their models. For this purpose, under their respective departments, I have enumerated many of our best productions, and it will not, I should imagine , be disputed, that they form together a body of lyric poetry of undoubted excellence, o02 LITERIARY NO. XXV. And dazzle with a luxury of light. * GREY. As an humble appendage to these strictures, I have ventured to introduce an original ode. It opens with a very bold prosopopeia, but which will not, the author trusts, be thought too daring for the subject. ' In drawing the comparison between ancient and modern lyric poetry, I have not thought it necessary to notice, except in the instancea of Seeundus and Gallus, tie modern writers of latin verse. I cannot cionclude this sketch however, without declaring that many of the Odes of CASIMIR. SORBIEWSKY are worthy of the genius of Horace. I -- lect the follo; .inig as a specimen, and append to it the ser C guillt trlaslation of Mr. Heald. AD SUAM TESTUDINEM. Sonori huxi filia sltilis, P'endebis alta, barhite, popiilo; duil ridet aer, et supilas Solicitat levis aura frondes. Te sibilantis senior lhalitus Perfiabit Euri: Inejuvct interini Collum reclinasse, et vircnti Sic temer jacitesse ripa. Eheu! Screnuli qrle ncbuire teglnt Repente column? quis sonus iulbriinn? Sllrglanus. Hcu scinper fugaci G: audia prrcteritura passu! Lib. II NO. XXV I OURS. 103 NO. XXV THE STORM. AN ODE. Heard ye the Whirlwind's flight sublime , Swift as the rushing wing of Time; The Demon raged aloud! Vaunting he reared his giant form, In the high towering poplar thus swinging My lyre, hang suspended at ease: Thy strings, at wild intervals, ringing, When swept by the breath of the breeza. The blue vault its full beauty displaying, Not a cloud the pure aether o'ershades, And in sighs his soft wishes betraying, The green foliage fond zephyr pervade., Thus I leave thee to murmur and quiver, As whispers the slow rising wind; While here, stretched on the banks of the river, I repose, in light slumbers reclined. Ha! along yon horizon dark scowling, Wlhat tempest sed shadows appear! Clouds! clouds! rise incessantly rolling; llark! the shower, whlistles loud on mine ear. 0 lly harp, my comrpanion, my treasure, Let us rise, let us hasten away: 'Tis thus flies the phantom of pleasure, With quick stepl evr hasting away. HEAILD 104 And towered amid the gathering storm, Born on a murky cloud; Vast horror shook the dome of hcav'n, As 'neath him far with fury driven, The viewless depths of air, Stern over the struggling globe he past, While pausing Nature shrank aghast, And through' the troubled gloom wild yell'd the fiend Despair. Servant of God! destructive Power! Whilst due to wrath the direful hour, Thou warn'st a guilty world, When bursts to vengeance heaven's blessed Sire, When lightens fierce the Almighty's ire, On sin struck nations hurled; Thy terrors load my trembling shell, Dread as the maddening tones that swell Over yonder bleak domain, Where heaves thy deep, incessant roar, That shakes the snow topped mountain hoar, And with resistless ruin strews tl' affrighted plain. Ah! what of hope's delicious ray, As slow the Pilgrim takes his way, Shall sooth his sinking soul, tvol. II P o05 NO. XXV Of ghastly hue, whose hideous cries Through' the vexed aether roll, And mingling in each surf worn cave, Sell spirits from the murderer's grave, The deed of horror hail; Saw ye the reddening meteor gleam? Heard ye, with harsh and hollow scream, Faro'er the dim cold sea the birds of ocean wail? Fierce over the darkly heaving waves, The storm with boundless fury raves, The Sailor starts aghast, His helm, to ruthless vengeance given, Over the vast surge speeds idly driven, As shrieks the hurrying blast: Cease, Emma, cease to hope in vain, Thou ever wilt view thy Lord again, He never shall return! Pale on the desert shore he lies! No Wise beloved to close his eyes, No Friend in pitying tones his wave drenched limbs to mourn! Hark! how the rough winds maddening sweep. Bare the broad earth, and drifting deep, The boreal deluge raise! 106 LITERARY NO. XXV Here mountains shoot their wreath tipped heads, Here lo! far sunk, the valley spreads Her drear, her wild'ring maze! 0 come, let's brave the northern blast, Let's mark stupendous nature cast In many a form sublime , I care not if, where Hecla towers, Where wrapped in tempests Winter lowers Stern on her ice clad throne, I trace the hoary clime. Protect me heaven! 'neath yon huge drift, Where to the clouds the wild winds lift The waste in horror piled, See, where yon shivering female lies! Lo! on her fainting bosom dies Cold, cold, her infant child! Daughter of woe! then doubly dear! Over thy sad fate how many a tear The hapless mother shed! And must we, cried she, must we part? Then clasped thee to her shuddering heart, Whilst in convulsive sighs thy little spirit fled. O thou, who rudest the fleeting year, Who givest to roll the varied sphere, Amid the vast of heaven, Now Father bend thine awful ear! O bless me with a parent's care, To thy protection given; Whether on ocean's bosom thrown, Or plunged where snow clad mountains frown, If thou my hallowed guide I heed not, let the tempest roar, Let Havoc and wild Winter hoar, And Terror's giant form the dark brow'd Whirlwind ride. NUMBER XXVI Tantum parva suo diebet Verona CATULLO Quantum magna suo .Iantua Virgilio. Tins celebrated poet, notwithstanding his licentious freedoms, will ever rank high in the estimation of the elegant scholar. It is indeed to be regretted that among poems which boast the utmost felicity of diction, and breathe the most tender