are willing to give a peaceful entrance to truth. The End of the First Part. 95 ] A Philosophical Inquiry INTO THE ORG IN of our IDEAS OF THE SUBLIME and BEAUTIFUL. P A R T II EC T. I. Of the passion caused by the SUBLIME . T HE passion caused by the great and sublime in nature, when those causes operate most powerfully, is asso nifhment; and astonishment is that slate of the soul, in which all its motions are suspended, with some degree of horror . 1t this cafe the mind is so entirely filled * Part I. set. '3, 4, 7' with with its object, that it cannot entertain any. other, nor by consequence reason on that object which employs it. Hence arises the great power of the sublime , that, far from being produced by them, it anticipates our reasonings, and hurries us on by an irresistible force. Astonishment , as I have said, is the effec of the sublime in its highest degree; the infe tior effedcs are admiration, reverence, and respect, S E C T 11 T E.. RO R. 0o passion so effetually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. ` For fear being an apprehension of pais or death, it operates in a manner that resembles actual pain. Whatever therefore is terrible, with regard to fight, is sublime too, whether * Part IV Tea. 3, 4, 5, 6. this this cause of terror , be endued with greatness of dimensions or not; for it is impossible to look on anything as trifling, or contemptible, that may be dangerous. There are many animals, who though far from being large, are yet capable of raising ideas of the sublime , because they are considered as objects of terror ; as serpents and poisonous animals of almost all kinds. And to things. of great dimensions, if we annex an .adventitious idea of terror , they become without comparison greater. A level plain of a vast extent on land, is certainly no mean idea; the profpee of such a plain maybe as extensive as a profpet of the ocean: but can it ever fill the mind with anything so great as the ocean itfeif? This is owing to several causes; but it is owing to none more than this, that this ocean is an objeca of no small terror . Indeed ter tor is in all cafes whatsoever, either more openly or latently, the ruling principle' of the sublime . Several languages bear IH a irong' a firong testimony to the affinity of these ideas. They frequently use the same word, to signify indifferently the modes of astonishment or admiration and those of terror . oeggos5 is in Greek, either fear or wonder ; aivos0 is terrible or refpe& able; asecw, to reverence or to fear. Vereor in Latin, is what as«»ea is in Greek, The Romans used the verbjlupeo, a term which firongly marks the state of an astonished mind, to. express the effect either of simple fear, or of astonishment ; the word attonitus thunder struck) is equal. ly expressive of the alliance of these ideas; and do not the French etonnement, and the English ajfoni/ment and amazements point out as clearly the kindred emotions which attend fear and wonder ? They who have a more general knowledge of languages, could produce, I make no doubt, many other and equally striking examples. SECT. SECT. III O B S C U R I T Y. rto make anything very terrible, obtcurity * seems in general to be neceflhry, When we know the full extent of any danger, when we can accuft tom our eyes to it, a great deal of the apprehension vanishes. Every one, will be sensible of this, who confiders how greatly night adds to our dread, in all cafes of danger, and how much the nor tions of ghosts and goblins, of which none can form clear ideas, assed minds which give credit to the popular tales corncerning such sorts of beings. Those despotic governments, which are founded on the passions of men, and principally upon the passion of fear, keep their chief as much as may be from the public eye. The policy has been the same in many - Part IV feet. t4, 15, i6. H cafes cafes of religion. Almost all the heathen temples were dark. Even in the barbarous temples of the Americans at this day, they keep their idol in a dark part of the hut, which is consecrated to his worship. For this purpose too the druids performed all their ceremonies in the bosom of the darkest woods, and in the ihade of the oldest and most spreading oaks. No perfbn seems better to have understood the secret of heightening, or of setting terrible things, if 1 may use the expression, in their strongest light, by the force of a judicious obscurity , than Milton. His description of Death in the second book is admirably studied; it is aftonithing with what a gloomy pomp, with what a significant and expressive uncertainty of strokes and colouring, he has flinfhed the portrait of the king of terrors : The other Jhapt, If shape it might be cald that iape had none Difinguijhable, in member, joint, or limb; Or Or fubjlance might be called that Jhadaw seemed, For each seemed either; black he Jlood as night; Fierce as ten furies; terrible as hell; Andjhook a deadly dart. What feem''d his head The likeness of a kingly crown had on. In this description all is dark, uncertain, confused, terrible, and sublime to the last degree. SECT. IV Of the difference between CLEARNESS and OBSCURIFY with regard to the passions. T is one thing to make an idea clear, and another to make it asseting to the imagination . If I make a drawing of a palace, or a temple, or a landscape. I present a very clear idea of those ob jeas; but then (allowing for the effeet of imitation, which is something) my picture can at most assea only