what severity of judgement, has Virgil amiafled all there circumstances, where he knows that all the images of a tremendous dignity ought to be united, at the mouth of hell! where, before he unlocks the secrets of the great deep, he seems to be seized with a religious horror , and to retire astonished at the boldness of his own design: Dq quibus imperium efi animarum, umbrerque silentes! Et Chaos, et Phlegethon! loca nodte filentia late! Sit miihifas audita loqui! sit numine vejiro Pandere res alta terra et caligine merfas! Ibant Ibant obfcuri, folafub noete, per umbram, Perque domos Ditis vacuas, et inanm regna. ec fribterraneous gods!. whose awef.ulfway 'he gliding ghof/s, and filenb Jhades obey; -0 Chaos, hear! and Phkegethorrprofound!. hose solemn empirae iretches wide around! Give me, ye great tremendpus powers, to tell Of scenes and'wanders in the depth of hell: Give me your mighty secrets to d4pilf y From thyfb black realms p.s. darknes to the la). Obscure they went thraugh dreary liades that led dlong the waste dominions of the dead. SOUTHEAST..... SECT. S E C T. VII VASTNESS . G REATNESS * of dimension is a powerful cause of the sublime . This is too evident, and the observation too common, to need any illustration; it is not so common, to confider in what ways greatness of dimension, vastness of extent, or quantity, has the most frik ing effet. For certainly, there are ways, and modes, wherein the same quantity of extention shall produce greater effets than it is found to do in others. Extension is either in length, height, or depth. Of these the length firikes least; an hundred yards of even ground will never work such an effect as a tower an hundred yards high, or a rock or mountain of that altitude. I am apt to imagine likewise, that height is less grand than * Part IV set. 9. depth depth; and that we are more struck at looking down' from a precipice, than looking up at an object of equal height: but of that I am not very positive. A perpendicular has more force in forming the sublime , than an inclined plain; and the effects of a rugged and broken surface teem fironger than where it is smooth and polished. It would carry us out of our way to enter in this place into the cause of these appearances; but certain it is they afford a large and fruitful field of speculation. However, it may not be amiss to add to these remarks upon magnitude, that, as the great extreme of dimeunfio is sublime , so the last extreme of littleness is in some measure sublime likewise; when we attend to the infinite divisibility of matter, when we pursue animal life into these excessively friall, and yet organised beings, that escape the nicest inquisition of the sense, when we push our discoveries yet downward, and confider those creatures so many nmay degrees yet smaller, and the till !iminiihing scale of existence, in tracing which the imagination is lost as well as the sense, we become amazed and confounded at the wonders of minuteness; nor can we distinguish in its effea this extreme of littleness from the vast itself. For division must be infinite as well as addition; because' the idea of a perse unity can no more be arrived at, than that of a complete whole, to which nothing may be added, SEC T. VIII IN SI N IT Y. ANOTHER source of the fublimie, is infinit t if it does not rather belong to the last. Infinity has a tendency to fill the mind with that sort of delightful horror , which is the most genuine effet, and truest test of the sublime . There are scarce any things which K can, can become the objecs of our senses, that are really and in their own nature infinite . But the eye not being able to perceive the bounds of many things, they seem to be infinite , and they produce the iame effects as if they were really so, wve are deceived in the like manner, if the parts of some large objec are so continued to any indefinite number, that the imagination meets no check which may hinder its extending them at pleasure. Whenever we repeat any idea frequently, the mind, by a sort of mecha nifim, repeats it long after the first cause has ceased to operate. After whirling about, when we sit down, the objets about us still ieem to whirl. After a long fucceflon of noises, as the fall of waters, or the beating of forge hammers, the hammers beat and.the water roars in the imagination long after the sirs sounds have ceased to asset it; and they die away at last by gradations which are. * Part IV sea, 12. 'carcely scarcely perceptible. If you hold up a ftait pole, with your eye to one end, it will seem extended to a length almost incredible %. Place a number of uniform and equidistant marks on this pole, they will cause the same deception, and seem multiplied without end. The senses, strongly affected in some one manner, cannot quickly change their tenor, or adapt themselves to other things; but they continue in their old channel until the firength of the first mover decays. This is the reason of an appearance very frequent in madmen; that they remain whole days and nights, sometimes whole years, in the constant repetition of some remark, some complaint, or song; which having struck powerfully on their disordered imagination in the beginning of their frenzy, every repetition reinforces it with new strength; and the hurry of their spirits, unrestrained by the curb of reason, continues it to the end of their lives. Part IV fe. 14. K 2 SECT. S E C T. IX SUCCESSION and UNIFORMITY. SUCCESSION and uiformnity of parts are what constitute the artificial infinite . i. Sicceffion; which is requisite that the parts may be continued so long and in such a direction, as by their