is undoubtedly a capital source of the sublime , this will point out evidently from whence its energy is derived, and to what class of ideas we ought to unite it. S E C T. S E C T. VI PRIVATION. A LL general privations are great, because they are all terrible; Vacuity, Darkness, Solitude, and Silence. With what a fire of imagination , ' yet with what severity of judgement, has Virgil amanfed all these circumstances, where he knows that all the images of a tremendous dignity ought to be united, at the mouth of hell! where, before he unlocks the secrets of the great deep, he seems to be seized with a religious horror , and to retire astonished at the boldness of his own design. d1 qu; bus imperium eft animarum, umbrae; silentes! Et Ghaos, et Phlegethon I leca note filentia late! Sit mihifas audita loqui! sit numine velro Panders rts alta terra ft caligine merfas! Ibant Ibant obfcuri, sola sub note, per umbrarn, Perque domos Ditis vacuas, et inania regna. Ye jubterraneous gods! whose awful sway The gliding ghofls, and fllent Jhades obey; O Chaos hear! and Phlegethon profound! those jolemn empire ijretches wide around! Give me, ye great tremendous powers, to tell Of scenes and wonders in the depth of hell; Give me your mighty secrets to display From those black realms of darkness to the day. PITT.. Obscure they went through dreary shades that led Along the waj/i dominions of the dead. DRYDEN. S E C T. SEC T. VII VASTNESS . G REATNESS of dimension is a powerful cause of the sublime . This is too. evident, and the observation too common, to need any illustration; it is not so common, to confider in what ways greatness of dimension, vastness of extent, or quantity, has the most striking effect. For certainly, there are ways, and modes, wherein the same quantity of extension shall produce greater effets than it is found to do in others. Extension is either in length, height, or depth. Of these the length strikes least; an hundred yards of even ground will never work such an effea as a tower an hundred yards high, or a rock or mountain of that altitude. I am apt to imagine likewise, that height is less grand than depth; * Part 4. fe. 9. depths; and that we are more ifruck ai looking down from a precipice, than at looking up at an objet of equal height, but of that I am not very positive. A perpendicular has more force in forming the sublime , than an inclined plane and the effects of a rugged and broken surface feenm stronger than where it is smooth and polifled. It would carry us out of our way to enter in this place into the cause of these appearances; but certain it is they afford a large and fruitful field of speculation. However, it may not be amiss to add to there remarks upon magnitude, that, as the great extreme of dimension is sublime , so the last extreme of littleness is in fomemeafure sublime likewise; when we attend to the infinite divisibility of matter, when we pursue animal life into there excessively small, and yet organised beings, that escape the nicest inquisition of the sense, when we puflh our discoveries yet downward, and confider those creatures i' any many degrees yet smaller, and the still diminishing scale of existence, in tracing which the imagination is lost as well as the sense, we become amazed and confounded at the wonders of minuteness; nor can we distinguish in its effect this extreme of littleness from the vast itself. For division must be infinite as well as addition; because the idea of a perfec unity can no more be arrived at, than that of a coinplete whole, to which nothing may be added. S E C T. VIII I N F I N I T Y. A NOTHER source of the sublime , is infinity; if it does not rather belong to the last. Infinity has a tendency to fill the mind with that sort of delightful horror , which is the morft genuine effecc, and truest test of the sublime : There are scarce any things which K, ea ..can become the objects of our senses, that are really and in their own nature infinite . But the eye not being able to perceive the bounds of many things, they seem to be infinite , and they produce the same effects as if they were really so. We are deceived in the like manner, if the parts of some large object are so continued to any indefinite number, that the imagination meets no check which may hinder its extending them at pleasure. Whenever we repeat any idea frequently, the mind, by a sort of mechanism, repeats it long after the first cause has ceased to operate *. After whirling about, when we sit down, the objecs about us still seem to whirl. After a long succession of noises, as the fall of waters, or the beating of forge hammers, the hammers beat and the water roars in the imagination long after the first sounds have ceased to affect it; and they die away at last by gradations which are scarcely Part 4. sie6t 12. icarcely perceptible. If you hold up a firait pole, with your eye to one end, it will seem extended to a length almost incredible *. Place a number of uniform and equidistant marks on this pole, they will cause the same deception, and seem multiplied without end. The senses firongly affeced in some one manner, cannot quickly change their tenor, or adapt themselves to other things; but they continue in their old channel until the strength of the first mover decays. This is the reason of an appearance very frequent in madmen; that they remain whole days and nights, sometimes whole years, in the constant repetition of some remark, some complaint, or song; which having struck powerfully on their disordered imagination , in the beginning of theit