AM, bow aznd thunzder, my almnighly, arms Gird onz, and Jword upon lthy pu.ifanzt thigh; The Reader will easily discover many other strokes of the same nature. There is no question but Milton had heated his imagination with the sight of the Gods in lhomer, before lie entered upon this engagement of the Angels. ihomc)er there gives us a Scene of Men, Heroes, and Gods mixed together in battle. Mars animates the contending armies. and lifts up his voice in such a manner, that it is heard difiincqly aniidfl all the flouts and confusion of the sight. 7/upitcr at the same time thunders over their heads; while .a'l/ptle raises fulch a tempest , that the whole field of battle and all the tops of the mountains fliake about them. The Poet tells us, that 'Pluto hinmielf, whose habitation was in the very centre of the earth, was so allrighted at the ihock, that lie leapt from his throne. liom, r afterwards describes vi!ca.l as pouring clowtn a storm of fire upon the river xan(th1.s, and ili'lrva as throwing a rock at ill's; who, he tells us, covered seven acres in his fall. VOL. i. 1. r As As Homer has introduced into his battle of the Gods everything that is great and terrible in nature, Milton has filled his sight of good and bad Angels with all the like circumstances of horror . The shout of armies, and rattling of brazen chariots, the hurling of rocks and mountains , the earthquake, the fire, the thunder , are all. of them employed to lift up the reader's imagination , and give him a suitable idea of so great an action. With what art has the Poet represented the whole body of the earth trembling, even before it was created. All Heaven resounded, and had Earth been then, All Earth had to its centre Jook -- - In how sublime and just a manner does he afterwards describe the whole Heaven shaking under the wheels of the Messiah's chariot, with that exception of the throne of God? -- - underlie burnzing twheels The jltcdisl Empyrean Jhiook throughout, All but the throne itself of God. Notwithstanding the Messiah appears clothed with so much terror and majesty, the Poet has fill found means to make his readers conceive an idea of him beyond what he hilmfelf was able to describe. Yet half his Jlrength he put not fo rtj, but chcck'd ]is thunder inz mid volly; for he meant A'ot to del/roy, but root them oult of Heaven. In a word, amilton's genius , which was so great in itself, and so strengthened by all the helps of learning, appears in this book every way equal to his subject, which was the moll sublime that could enter into the thoughts of a Poet. As he knew all the arts of afecqing the mind, he knew it was necessary to give it certain refling placcs and opportunities of recovering itself from time to time: he has therefore with great address interspersed several speeches, reflections, similitudes, and the like reliefs, to diversify his narration, and cafe the attention of the Reader, that he might come fiefli to his great action; and by such a contrast of ideas, have a more lively tafle of the nobler parts of his description. Saturday, N 339. Saturday, March 29. -- -- - Ut his exordia primis Omnia, et ilpfi tener Mundli concreverit orbis. itnm ditrare folult, et difchlde e J'erea Ponto Ccepcri, et rerum paullatinz Jumere Jbrmas. Virg. LOXGIN/US has observed, that there may be a loftiness in sentiments where there is no passion, and brings intfances out of ancient Authors to support this his opinion. The pathetic, as that great Critic observes, may animate and inflame the sublime , but: is not essential to it. Accordingly, as he further remarks, we very often find that those who excel most in stirring up the passions, very often want the talent of writing in the great and sublime manner; and so on the contrary. Milton has flhewn himself a Mailer in both these ways of writing. The seventh book which we are now entering upon, is an instance of that sublime which is not mixed and worked up with passion. The Author appears in a kind of composed and sedate majesty; and though the fentimrents do not give so great an emotion as those in the former book, they abound with as magnificent ideas. The sixth book, like a troubled ocean, represents greatness in confusion; the seventh allecls the imagination like the ocean in a calm, and fills the mind of the Reader, without producing in it anything like tumult or agitation. The Critic abovementioned, among the rules which he lays down for fucceecling in the sublime way of writing, proposes to his Reader, that he fhlould imitate the mofi celebrated Authors who have gone before him, and been engaged in works of the same nature; as in particular that if he writes on a poetical subject, he should confider how Homer would have spoken on such an occasion. By this means one great Genius often catches the flame from another, and writes in his flirit without copying servilely after him. There are a thousand flining pafiagcs in l'irgil, which have been lighted up by Homer. mltiion, though his own natural strength of Genius was capable of fur nifling out a per'cctl work, has doubtless very much railed and ennobled his conceptions, by such an imitation as that which Longiilus has recommended. R r 2 In In this book, which gives us an account of the six days works, the Poet received but very few afiftances from heathen writers, who were strangers to the wonders of Creation. But as there are many glorious strokes of Poetry upon this subject in Holy Writ, the Authorhas numberless allusions to them through the whole course of this book. The great Critic I have before mentioned, though an heathen, has taken notice of the sublime manner in which the lawgiver of the