je&s, such as rocks, cascades, c.; where the scale is too diminutive, no greatness of manner will give them grandeur. teriftics [ St 3 teriftics are intricacy and variety, is equally adapted to the grandest and to the gayest fcenery. infinity is one of the most es ficient causes of the sublime ; the boundless ocean, for that reason, inspires awful sensations: to give it pidurefquenefs you must destroy that cause of its sublimity ; for it is on the shape and disposition of its boundaries that the piaurefque in great measure must depend. Uniformity (which is so great an enemy to the picturesque) is not only compatible with the sublime , but often the cause of it. That general equal gloom which is spread over all nature before a form, with the stillness so nobly described by Shakespeare, is in the highest degree fibline *. The picturesque requires greater variety, and does not hew itself till the dreadful * And as we often see against a storm A fileoce in the heavens, the wrack stand still, The bold winds fpeechlels, and the orb itself As hush as death, anon the dreadful thunder 1)oes rend the region. G thunder [ 82 ] thunder has rent the region, has tossed the clouds into a thousand towering forms, and opened (as it were) the recesses of the sky. A blaze of light unmixed with shade, on the same principles, tends to the sublime only: Milton has placed light, in its mois glorious brightness, as an inaccessible barrier round the throne of the Almighty: For God is light, And never but in unapproached light Dwelled from eternity. And such is the power he has given even to its diminished splendour, That the brightest seraphim Approach not, but with both wings veil their eyes. In one place, indeed, he has introduced very pidturcfque circumstances in his sublime representation of the deity; but it is of the deity in wrath, it is when from the weakness and narrownefs of our conceptions we give the names and the es sects of our passions to the all perfect Creator: 6 And [ 93 L And clouds began tio darken all the hill, and smoke to roll In dusky wreaths rclucant flames, the sign Of wrath awaked, In general, however, where the glory, power, or majesty of God are represented, he has avoided that variety of form and of colouring which might take off from simple and uniform grandeur, and has encom palted the divine eence with unapproach ed light, or with the majesty of darkness. Again, (if we descend to earth) a perpendicular rock of vast bulk and height, though bare and unbroken, a deep chasm under the same circumstances, are objecs that produce awful sensations; but without ome variety and intricacy, either in themselves or their accompaniments, they will not be picaurefque. laftly, a moflt eifential difference between the two characters is, that the sublime by its solemnity takes off from the loveliness of beauty, whereas * Majesty and love, says the poet who had most studied the art of love, never can dwell together; and g3 therefore whereas the picturesque renders it more captivating. According to Mr. Burke *, the parson caused by the great and sublime in nature, when those caues operate mofl powerfully, is aftonihmnent; and aftonifllment is that fate of the soul in which all its motions are suspended with ome degree of horror : the sublime also, being founded on ideas of pain and terror , like them operates by stretching the fibres beyond their natural tone. The passion excited by beauty is love and complacency; it ads by relaxing the fibres somewhat below their natural tone -, and this is accompanied therefore Juno, whose beauty was united with majetty, had no captivating charms till she had put on the cefus; that is, till fhc had changed dignity for coquetry. * Sublime and Beautiful, Part II Sec. I. - I have heard this part of Mr. Burkc's book criticitcl, on a ilppofition that pleasure is more generally produced from the fibres being ilimulated than from their being relaxed. To me it appears that Mr. Burke is right lyith refpie to that pleasure which is the esse of beauty, J 8. I csompanied by an inward sense of melting and languor. Whether this account of the effects of sublimity and beauty be ftrietly philosophical, has, I believe, been questioned, but whether the fibres, in such cafes, are really beauty, or whatever has an analogy to beauty, according to the principles he has laid down. No man (if we may judge from his confessions) ever felt more strongly thana Rousseau both the stimulus of sensual pleasure and all the violent and rapturous emotions of passion; yet what he describes as the iaoft exquisite enjoyment of love and beauty is clearly when the fibres are relaxed somewhat below their natural tone: 0 jeunefle, si je regrette tes plaisirs, ce n'est pas pour 1' heure de la jouiffance, c'efl pour cell qui a suit. If we examine our feelings on a warm genial day, in a spot full of the softest beauties of nature, the fia grance of spring breathing around us, pleaflure then tecms to be our natural slate; to be received, not sought after; it is the happiness of existing to sensations of delight only; we arc unwilling to move, almost to think, and desire only to feel, to enjoy. How different is that active pursuit of pleasure when the fibres are braced by a keen air in a wild romantic situation; when the aivity of the body almofs keeps pace with that of the mind, and cagerly fcalcs every rocky promontory, explores every new reccls. Such is the differencce between the beautiful and the pitur es quc G 3 iercithed [ 86 ] lb etched or relaxed, it presents a lively image of the sensations often produced by love and astonishment . To pursue the same train of ideas, I may add, that the effect of the picturesque