to which the eye can see no limits; the firmament of i eaven; or the boundless expanse of the Ocean. All vastness produces the imprefion of Sublimity . It is to be remarked, however, that space, extended in * See a Philosophical Inquiry into the'origin of our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful. Dr. Gerard on Taste , Sceaion 11. Elements of Criticifnm, Chap. IV length, L Ei. T. length, makes not so strong an impression as L .i»^ height or depth. Though a boundless plain be a grand object, yet a high mountain , to which we look up, or an awful precipice or tower whence we look down on the objests which lie below, is still more so. The excessive Grandeur of the firmament arises from its height, joined to its boundless extent; and that of the ocean, not from its extent alone, but from the perpetual motion and irrefiltible force of that mass of waters. Wherever space is concerned, it is clear, that amplitude or greatness of extent, in one dimension or other, is necessary to Grandeur. Remove all bounds from any object, and you presently render it sublime . Hence infinite space, endless numbers, and eternal duration, fill the mind with great ideas. FROM this some have imagined , that vafl ness, or amplitude of extent, is the foundation of all Sublimity . But I cannot be of this opinion, because many objeas appear sublime which have no relation to space at all. Such, for instance, is great loudness of sound. The burst of thunder or of cannon, the roaring of winds, the fllouting of multitudes, the sound of vafl catara&ts of water, are all inconteflibly grand objects. C I heard the voice of a great " multitude, as the sound of many waters, " and of mighty thunderings , saying Allelu 'jah." 'jah." In general we may observe, that L E C T. great power and force exerted, always raise .- sublime ideas; and perhaps the most copious source of these is derived from this quarter. Hence the grandeur of earthquakes and burning mountains ; of great conflagrations; of the stormy ocean, and overflowing waters; of tempests of wind; of thunder and lightning; and of all the uncommon violence of the elements. Nothing is more sublime than mighty power and strength. A stream that runs within its banks, is a beautiful objeet; but when it ruses down with the impetuosity and noise of a torrent, it presently becomes a sublime one. From lions, and other animals of strength, are drawn sublime comparisons in poets. A racehorse is looked upon with pleasure; but it is the warhorse" " " neck is clothed with thunder ," that carries grandeur in its idea. The engagement of two great armies, as it is the highest exertion of human might, combines a variety of sources of the Sublime ; and has accordingly been always considered as one of the most striking and magnificent spectacles that can be either presented to the eye, or exhibited to the imagination in description. FOR the farther illustration of this subjec&, it is proper to remark, that all ideas of the folenm and awful kind, and even bordering on the L E C T. the terrible, tend greatly to assist the Sublime ; .y...j ifuch as darkness, solitude, and silence. What are the scenes of nature that elevate the mind in the highest degree, and produce the sublime sensation? Not the gay landscape, the flowery field, or the flourishing city; but the hoary mountain , and the solitary lake; the aged forest, and the torrent falling over the rock. Hence too, night fcenes are commonly; the most sublime . The firmament when filled with stars, scattered in such vast numbers, and with such magnificent profusion, strikes the imagination with a more awful grandeur, than when we view it enlightened with all the splendour of the Sun. The deep sound of a great bell, or the striking of a great clock, are at any time grand; but, when heard amid the silence and stillness of the night, they 'become doubly so. Darkness is very commonly applied for adding sublimity to all our ideas of the Deity. " He maketh darkness his pa" " he dwelleth in the thick cloud." So Milton: -- -- How oft, amidst Thick clouds and dark, does Heaven's all ruling Sire Choose to reside, his glory unobfcur'd, And, with the Majeity of darkness, round Circles his throne - BOOK II 263. Observe, with how much art Virgil has introduced all those ideas of silence, vacuity, and darkness, when he is going to introduce his I tero 'Hero to the infernal regions, and to disclose L EC T. the secrets of the great deep. Dii quibus imperium eft animarum, umbrxeque silentes, Et Chaos, et Pilegethon, loca noee silentia late, Sit mihi fas audita loqui; sit numine veftro Pandere res alta terra, et calligine merfas. Ibant obfcuri, sola sub noae, per umbram, Perque domos Ditis vacuos, et inania regna; Quale per incertam lunam, sub luce maligna Eft iter in fylvis -- *. These passages I quote at present, not so much as instances of Sublime Writing, though in themselves they truly are so; as to show, by the effece of them, that the objects which they present to 'us, belong to the class of sublime ones. OBSCURITY , we are farther to remark, is not unfavourable to the Sublime . Though Ye fubterrancan Gods, whose awful sway The gliding ghosts and silent shades obey; O Chaos, hear! and Phlegethon profound! Whose solemn empire ftretchcs wide around! Give me, ye great tremendous powers I to tell Of scenes and wonders in the depths of Hell; Give me your mighty secrets to display, From those black realms ofdarknefs to the day. PITT. Obscure they went; through dreary hades, that led Along the waste dominions of the dead; As wander travellers in woods by night, By the moon's doubtful and malignant light. D irditn 6 it LE C T. it render the object indiftint, the imprefflon, i_ _ir however, may be great;