emotions, yet weaken the native force of Sublimity ; betides, that the superfluous words which the poet is often obliged to introduce, in order to fill up the rhyme, tend farther to enfeeble it. Homer's description of the nod of Jupiter, as shaking the heavens, has been admired in all ages, as highly Sublime . Literally translated, it runs thus: " He spoke, Though Gods deny thee yon Aufonian itrand, Yet go, I charge you, go, at my command. Thy ignorance alone can cause thy fears, Thou know'it not what a freight thy vessel bears; Thou know'st not I am he to whom 'tis given, Never to want the care of watchful heaven. Obedient Fortune waits my humble thrall, And always ready, comes before I call. Let winds, and seas, loud wars at freedom wage, And waste upon themselves their empty rage, A itronger, mightier Demon is thy friend, Thou, and thy bark, on Cufar's fate depend, Thou ftand'ft amazed to view this dreadful scene, And wonder'ft what the Gods and Fortune mean; But artfully their bounties thus they raise, And from my danger arrogate new praise: Amidst the fears of death they bid me live, And till enhance what they arc sure to give. Rowt. G 3 " anrd L E e T. C and bending his sable brows, gave the awful -- _ -- C "nod; while he Ihook the celestial locks of CC his immortal head, all Olympus was shaken." Mr. Pope translates it thus: He spoke; and awful bends his sable brows, Shakes his ambrosial curls, and gives the nod, The stamp of fate, and fantfion of a God. High Heaven with trembling the dread signal took, And all Olympus to its centre ihook. trie image is spread out, and attempted to be beautified; but it is, in truth, weakened. The third line" The stamp of fate, and (' fantion of a God," is merely expletive; and introduced for no other reason but to fill up the rhyme; for it interrupts the description, and clogs the image. For the same reason, out of mere compliance with the rhyme, Jupiter is represented as shaking his locks before he gives the nod; -" Shakes his ambrosial " curls, and gives the nod, '; which is trifling, and without meaning. Whereas, in the original, the hair of his head ihaken, is the effef of his nod, and makes a happy picturesque cir tumftance in the description. the i boldness, freedom, and variety of our blank verfc, is infinitely more favourable than rhyme, to all kinds of Sublime poetry. The fullest proof of this is afforded by Milton; an * See Webb on the Beauties of Poetry. author author -- whose genius led him eminently to the L E C T. Sublime . The whole first and .second books of Paradise Lost, are continued instances of it. Take only, for an example, the following noted description of Satan, after his fall, appearing at the head of the infernal hosts: - He, above the rest, In shape and gesture proudly eminent, Stood like a tower: his form had not yet lost All her original brightness, nor appeared Less than archangel ruined ; and the excels Of glory obscured : As when the fun, new risen, .Looksthrough the horizontal misty air, Shorn of his beams; or, from behind, the moon, In dim eclipse, disastrous twilight lieds On half the nations, and with fear of change Perplexes monarchs. Darkened so, yet shone Above them all th' Archangel..: I iere concur a variety of sources of the Sublime : tlhe principal object eminently great; a high superior nature, fallen indeed, but erecting itself agiinft distress; the grandeur. of the principal objec heightencd, by associating it with so noble an idea as that of the fun suffering an eclipse; this piaure liaded with all those images of change and trouble, of darkness and terror , which coincide so finely with the Sublime emotion; and the whole expressed in a style and versification,, easy, natural, and simple, but magnili cent. G 4 I HAVE L EV T. I HAVE spoken of simplicity and concise. «. ~ ness as essential. to . Sublime Writing. In my general description of it, I mentioned Strength, as. another necessary requisite. The Strength of description arises, in a great measure, from a simple conciseness; but, it supposes also something more namely, a proper choice of circumfrances in the description, so as to. exhibit the object in its full and most striking point of view. For every, object has several faces, so to speak, by which it'may be presented to us, according to the circumstances with which we fuiround it; and it will appear eminently Sublime , or not, in proportion as. all these circumstances are' happily chosen, and of a Sublime kind. Here lies the great art of the writer; and, indeed,; the great difficulty of Sublime description. If the description be too general, and divested of circumstances, the objet appears in a faint light; it makes a feeble impression, or no impression at all, on the reader. At the same time, if any trivial or improper circumstances are mingled, the whole is degraded. A STORM or tempest , for instance, is a Sublime object in nature. But, to render it Sublime in description, it is not enough, either to give us mere general expressions concerning the violence of the tempest , or to describe its common, vulgar effetts, in overthrowing throwing trees and houses. It must be L EVC T. painted with such circumstances as fill the -- - mind with great and awful ideas. This is very happily done by Virgil, in the following passage: Ipse Pater, media nimborum in no, corufcai Fulmina molitur dextra; quo maxima motul Terro trernit; fugere fersa; et mortalia corda,, Per gentes humilis ftravit pavor: Ille, flagranti Aut Atho, aut Rhodopen, aut alta Ceraunia telo Dejicit " -- - GEORG. I. Every circumstance in this noble description is the production of an imagination heated and astonished with the grandeur of the object. If there be