much above its ordinary, state.; and fills it with a degree. of wonder and astonishment , which it canfiot well:, ex pres.. .The emotion is certainly delightful.; but it is altogether of the serious kind:. a; degree of awfulness and solemnity,; even!'ap proaching to severity, commonly attends: it when at its height; very diftingiuiflable from the more gay and: brisk emotion raised by beautiful objects. ther simplest form of external Grandeur appears in the vast and boundless profpe&ts presented to us by nature; such as wide extended plains, to which the eye can see no limits. i ihe firmament of i leaven; or the boundless cxpanfe of the Ocean., al vastness produces the impression of Sublimity . It is to be re rnlar.ed, however,, that space, extended in * See a Philosophical Inquiry into the Origin of our Idcs of the Sublime and Beautiful. ' Dr. Gerard on Taste , soetionuii. ielementsof'criticitm, cap. IV length, L ES e'. length, makes not so ftrong.an impression as _ .- height or depth. Though a boundless plain be a grand object, yet a high mountain , (to which we look up, or an awful precipice or tower whence we look down on the objets which lie below, is frill more so, The excessive Grandeur of the firmament arises from its height, joined to its boundless extent; and that of the ocean, not from its extent alone, but from the perpetual motion and irresistible force of that mass of waters. Wherever space is concerned, it is clear, that amplitude or greatness of extent, 'in one dimension or other, is necessary to Grandeur. Remove all bounds from any objet, and you presently render it sublime . Hence infinite space, endless numbers, and eternal duration, fill the mind with great ideas. FROM this some have imagined , that vass ness, or amplitude of extent, is the foundation of all Sublimity . But I cannot be of this opinion, because many objects appear sublime which have no relation to space at all. Such, for initance, is great loudness of sound. The borft of thunder or of cannon, the roaring of winds, the shouting of multitudes, the sound of vast cataracts of water, are all incontestably .grand objects.' " I heard the voice of a great " multitude, as the sound of many waters,; ' and of mighty thunderings , faying.allelu . jah." C jah." In general we may observe, that t elc T great power and force exerted, always raise -.. ideas; and perhaps the most copious source of there. is derived from this quarter.. Hence the. grandeur of earthquakes and burning mountains of great conflagrations; of the stormy ocean, and overflowing waters; : of, tempers !of wind; of thunder and lightning'; and of all the. uncommon violence of the elements. Nothing is more sublime than.. mighty: power. and.: rength. A: frearr that. runsa within its banks, is a beautiful objet; but; when its ruflhes down with the impetuosity and noise of a torrent, it preently becomes a sublime : 'one. '..From lions, - and. other animals, of strength,; are,. drawn sublime comparifonsi inpoets. A; racehorse is looked upon with: pleasure,,,, it. is the warhorse.. whosel " neck is .cothed, with thunder ," that carries, grandeur. in, its idea. The engagement of two great; armies, as it is the highest exertion of' human might, combines a variety of sources of the Sublime ; and has accordingly been: always: considered as one of the most striking and magnificent fpedeacles that, can, be either prefenced' to the eye, or exhibited to, the imagination . in: description. FOR the. farther illustration of this subjea, '. it is proper, to remark, that, all ideas of the, iolei n and awful kind, and ev'en.bordering aeon; isle C. ?the terriblej tend' greatly so assist the Sublime ; -. -- i' fufch as darkness, solitude, and silence. What, are the scenes of nature that elevate the mind in the highest degree, and produce the sublime sensation? Not the gay landscape, ' the flowery field, or the', sourishing city; but the hoary mountain , and 'the 'olitary lake; the' aged forest, and the torrent falling over the rock. Hence too, ' night fceries are commonly' the' mioft fublinie. The firmasmeit 'when. filled with stars, 'scattered in such. aft numbers, and' with such: magnificent profufibn, ' strikes' the itnagination with a' more awful grandeur, than when we view : it enlightened 'with all the splendour of the Sun' The deep founid of a great bell,; or the ftiiking of a' great clock, ' are at ainy time' grand; ' but, when heard .amid the filenri and stillness of the night, 'they: becoime doubly, fb. Darkness: is very comn'monly ' p plied for addinig sublimity to all oiir ideas of' the Deity. "' He maketh darkness 'his pat" vilion; he dwelleth in the thick cloud."' So Milton:.. ' -' '-. How oft, ' ami'dt ' Thick clouds' and dark, ' does Heaven's all ruling Site Choose to reside, his glory unobfcur'd, - And, with the Majesty of darkness, round Circles his throne - book, II 263. Observe, with how much ard' Virgil has intro duied' all those ideas of' ilence, vacuit, 'and darkness: : lie is going to introduce his Hero Hero to the infernal regions, and to disclose L E C T. the secrets of the great deep.. -- Dii quibus imperium eft animarum, tinbraque silentes, Et Chaos, et Phlegethon, loca noete filentia late Sit mihi fas audita loqui; sit numine veftro Pandere res alts terra, et calligine merfas. Ibant obfcuri, sola sub note, per umbram, Perque domos Ditis vacuos, et inania regna; Quale per incertam lunam, sub luce maligca Eft iter in fylvis -- *. These passages I quote at present, not so much as instances of Sublime Writing, though in themselves they truly are so, as to slew, by the effeet of them, that the objets which' they present to us, belong to the class of sublime ones. OBSCURITY , we are farther to remark, is not unfavourable to the Sublime . Though Ye subterranean Gods, whose awful sway The