Sublime description. If the description be too general, and divested ofcir cumftances, the dbje&t appears in a faint light; it males a feeble impression, or no impression at all, on the reader.. At the' ftme tinme, if any trivial or improper circuinftarlces are minigled, the whole is degraded. ': A storm or tempest , for instance, is a Sublime objeet in nature. But, ' to render it Sublime in description, 'it is not enough, either to give us mere general expressions 'concerning the violence of the tempest , or to describe its. common, vulgar effecs, in over i. ~. throwing trees and .houses., It muff b L Et T. painted with such circumstances as fill the. -- - mind with: great. and awful . ideas. This is very happily done by Virgil, .in the following passage: Ipse Pater,, media niimborum in'nocte, corufca. Fulmina miolitur.dextrl; quo maxima notu Terra tremit; fugere sera; et.mortalia corda, Per gentes humilis ftravit pavor: Ilie, flagranti Aut Atho, aut Rhodopen, aut alta Ceratnia telo Dejicit *. -- EORG. I. Every circurnmfance' in' this noble 'description is the produtiori' of an imagination heated and ' astonished with the .grandeur of the object:. If there be any defe&t, it is in the words immediately following those I have quoted; "'Ingeminant Auftri, et denriffimus " imber; " 'where the transition is made too hiafily, I am afraid, from the preceding The father of the Gods his glory shrouds, Involved in tempests , and a night of clouds: And from the middle darkness flaflling out, By fits he deals his fiery bolts about. Earth feels the motions of her angry God, Her entrails tremble, and her mountains nod, And flying beafis in forests seek abode. : Deep horror seizes every human breast; Thlcir pride is humblcd, and their fears confefl; While lie, from high his rolling thundirs throws, And fires the mountains with repeated blows; The rocks arc from their old foundations rent; The, vwinds, rdouble, and' ti 'rains augment. DRYDEN.: - Sublime L E C T. Sublime images, to a thick shower, and the blowing of the south wind; and shows how difficult it frequently is, to descend with grace, without seeming to fall. THE high importance of the rule which I have been now giving, concerning the proper choice of circumrfances, when description is meant to be Sublime , seems to me not to have been sufficiently attended to. It has, however, such a foundation in nature, as ren. ders the least deflexion from it fatal. When a writer is aiming at the Beautiful only, his de fcr.ptions may have improprieties in them, and yet be beautiful fill. Some trivial, or misjudged circumstances can be' overlooked by the reader; they make only the difference of more or less; the gay, or pleasing emotion, which he has raised, fubfifs still. But the cafe is quite different with the Sublime , There, one trifling circumstance, one mean idea, is sufficient to destroy the whole charm. This is owing to the nature of the emotion aimed at by Sublime description, which admits of no mediocrity, and cannot subsist in a middle slate; but muit either highly transport us, or, if unsuccessful in the execution, leave us greatly disgusted, and displeased, We attempt to rise along with the writer; the imagination is awakened, and put upon the Itretch; but it requires to be supported; and '' 't1, " '. if, in the midst of its efforts, you derert it un L Ec T. expetedly, down it comes, with a painful ihock.. When Milton, in his battle of the angels, describes them as tearing up the mountains , and throwing them at one another; there are, in his description, as Mr, Addison has observed, no circumstances hbut what are properly Sublime : From their foundations loosening to and fro, They plucked the seated hills, 'with all their load, Rocks, waters, woods; and biy the shaggy tops Uplifting, bore them in their hands. i Whereas 'Claudian, in a fragment upon the wars of 'the giants, has contrived to render this ideal of their throwing the mountains , whichl is in itself so grand, burlesque and ridiculous', by this'rih'ngle circumstance, of one of 'his giants' ith' the mountain Ida upon his shoulders, ' ana river, which flowed from the mountainr, running down along the giant's back, as he held it up in that posture. There is a description too in Virgil, which, I think, is cenfprable; though more slightly, in 'this respect. It is that of'the burning mountain Etna; a fubje. certainly very proper to be worked up by a poet into a Sublime description: -- I iorrificis juxta ttopat .Etna ruiiis. Intcrdumque atram prorumpit ad aethera nubem, Turbine fumantem picco, & candente. favilla; tttollitque globos flammarum, & fidera lambit. Interdunm L E C T ' Interdam fcopulos, avulfaque viscera montis ._..,. _ Erigit eruaans, liquefataque faxa sub auras Cum gemitu glomerat, fund6que exseftlat imo. JEN. III 571. Here, ' after several' magnificent images, the Poet concludes with personifying. the mountain under this figure, "erucans viscera. cum ge. " mitu," belching up its bowels with.a groan; which, by likening the mountain'to a sick, or drunk person, degrades the.majefty.i: of the description. It is to no purpose to tell us, that the Poet here alludes to the fable of the 'giant Enceladus lying under mount .Etna; 'and that he supposes his motions and tossings to .have. occasioned the. fiery eruptions. He intended the description of a Sublime object; and'the - natural ideas, raised by a burning mountain , are. infinitely more lofty, than the belchings of any giant, how huge soever. The debasing effect of the idea which is' here presented, The port capacious, and fecuie from wind, Is to tile foot of thundering Etna joined, By turns a pitchy cloud she rolls on high, By tuins hot embers from her entrails fly, And flakes of mounting flames that lick the sky., Oft from her bowels massy rocks are thrown, And llivcred by the force, come piecemeal down. Oft liquid lakes of burning sulphur flow, Fed from