the malignant Afpeets of that Luminary before a Tempest . Virgil, observing the different Signs that forebode Changes of Weather, remarks the same. Sol quoquze et exoriens, et cum fe condet in undas, Signa dabit: -- -. -- -- -- -- -- -- - Nam fipe videmus Ipius in vultu varios. errare colores: Catruleus pluviam denunciat, igneus euros, Sin macule incipient rutilo immifcerier igni, Omnia tunc pariter vento, nimbifque videbts Fervere. -- -- -- Georgic. Lib. i. Above 500 The Skies look wild, and over the Mountain's Head The flarlefs Night her sable Mantle spread; While in the Desert hollow Gusts of Wind, Unfrequent blowing, tell the Storm's behind. And Above the rest, the Sun, who never lies, Foretells the Change of Weather in the Skies: -- : For oft we find him finishing his Race, With various Colours erring on his Face; If fiery red his glowing Globe descends, High Winds and furious Tempests he portends. But if his Cheeks are swollen with livid blue, He bodes wet Weather by his watery Hue. If dusky Spots are varied on his Brow, And, ftreak'd with red, a troubled Colour shown That sullen Mixture shall at once declare Winds, Rain, and Storms, and elemental War. DRYDEN. V 502. While in tie Desert hollow Gusts of Wind, c.] This is exacly the same, and might have been a Translation of the Latin Poet. Continuo veitis firgentilus autfreta ponti ncipiunt agitata tumercere, et aridis altis Montilbs audiri fragor, aut refonantia long Liltora mifreri, et inemoroum increbre/cere mnurmur. Georgic. Lib. r. For And nhw at once the rushing Showers descend, 505 Loud Claps of Thunder the vast Concave rend, The For ere the rising Winds begin to roar, The working Seas advance to wash the Shore; Soft Whispers run along the leafy'wood, ' And Mountains whistle to the murnmring Flood. DR: YDE N.. V 504. And now: at once the rtufing Showers descend, c.] This sudden bursting of the Storm has a fine Effect. All the Circumstances of Ojfan's Compositions are favourable to: the Sublime , more perhaps than to any other Species of Beauty. Accuracy and Correcnefs; artful connected Narration; exact Method and Proportion of Parts, we may look for in polished Times. The Gay and the Beautiful will appear to more Advantage in the Midst of smiling Scenery and pleasurable Themes. But amidst the rude Scenes of Nature, amidst Rocks and Torrents, and Whirlwinds and Battles, dwells the Sublime . It is the Thunder and Lightning of Genius . It is the Offspring of Nature, not of Art. It is negligent of all the lesser Graces, and perfetly consistent with a certain noble Disorder. It affaciates naturally with that grave and folenin Spirit, which diftinguiihes our Author. For the Sublime is an awful and serious Emotion; and is heightened by all the Images of Trouble, and Terror , and Darkners. -. -- - Ruit arduis, aether; Et plitvia ingeti fata 1, eta boumque labores Dilthit. Imnplentrr fojf, et cavaflumnina crefcunt Cun fonitu, fervetque fretis fpirantibus equor. Ipse Pater, media nimborumr in nodle, corufcd Fildmina The distant Rocks with livid Lightnings glare, On Beams of Fire the Spirits dart through Air, And Ftulmina molitur dextra. Quo maxima motu Terra tremit: Fugere fere! et mortalia corda Per gentes humilis ftravit pavor. Ille flagranti - Aut Atho, aut rhodop.en, aut alta Ceraunia telo Dejicit: Ingeminant auftri, et denfiffimus imber: Nunc nemora ingenti vento, nunc littora plangunr. Georgic. 'Lib. -. The lofty Skies at once cotne pouring down, The promised Crop and golden Labours drown... The Dikes are filled, and with a roaring. Sound.. : The rising Rivers float the nether Ground; And Rocks the bellowing Voice of boiling Seas rebound. The Father of the Gods his Glory fhrowds, Involved in Tempests , and a Night of Clouds. And from the middle Darkness flalhing out, By Fits he deals his fiery Bolts about. Earth feels the Motions of her angry God, Her Entrails tremble, ander Mountains nod; And flying Beasts in Forests seek Abode: Deep Horror seizes every human Bread, Their Pride is humbled, and their Fear confessed; While he from high the rolling Thunder throws, And fires the Mountains with repeated Blows: The Rocks are from their old Foundations rent; Tie Winds redouble, and the Rains augment: sae And swollen to Torrents down: their echoing Hills With Rage impetuous burst the roaring Rills. 510 Such was the Noise and Tumult of the Sight, When overthrown we put the Foe to Flight. Why sighs the Dame? Let Lochlin's Maids complain. That Day the People of their Land were lain; Our bloody Swords waved over them as they fled, Sr And ftrew'd the Heath with ghastly Heaps of Dead. But what avails the melancholy Thought, That I in Battle, then the foremost sought Since, The waveson Heaps are dajh'd against the Shore; And now the Woods, .and now the Billows roar. DRYDEN. The Tone of Mind produced by the Image of yupiter, throwing down 'huge Mountains with his Thunderbolts, (which is hyperbolically sublime , and even above anything. qoia says on the Subject) is so discordant to the Idea of Winds growling and Rains pouring down, which immediately follows, that Virgil has been censured for letting the. Mind of the Reader fall by too sudden a Transition; a Fault often attending a strained Elevation, it being somewhat difficult, after such a Slight, to descend sweetly and easily to the ordinary Strain of the Subject. See Elements of Criticift. Chap. IV Grandeur and Sublimity . P p V 523. Since now, of Kindred and of.sight deprived, I have the Vigour of thofe days survive? 520 Malvina cease,. on me thy: Tears bestow, To weep is all that Offiatn can do now, -: On Lena fill the Work of Death proceeds, ' By great Fingal an aged Warrior, bleeds; - .... ........ .G. ' G ray V 523. By great Fingal an aged Warrior bleeds, c.] The Incidents which Ofian has chosen to diversify his Battles, i are.intereftiing .arid'never fail to. awaken our Attention. Want of Particularity