discussing, whether what I see might have been done in a different way, and permit the dull rules of cold and tasteless masters to diminish my pleasures? Scenes of serenity, whether created by tasteful art, or by the cunning hand of nature, always convey tranquillity to the heart; an effect which it owes to the imagination . If a soft silence breathe around, and every object be pleasant to my view; if if rural scenes absorb all my attention, and dissipate the grief that lies heavy on my heart; if the loveliness of Solitude enchant me, and, gradually subduing my soul, leave it full of benevolence, love, and content; I ought to thank God for the imagination which, although it has indeed fiequently caused the trouble of my life, has always led me, in retirement, to lome friendly rock, upon which I could hang while I contemplated with greater composure the tempests I had escaped. A celebrated Englifl writer has said, that " SOLITUDE, on the first view of it, inspires "the mind with terror , because everything that "brings with it the idea of privation! is terrific, "and therefore sublime , like space, darkness, "and silence." In swiffl r/and, and ccpecially near the canton of BERNL, the Alps have at a ; A French writer has embclliihed this idea with all the richcs of eloquence. " There is no mind of fnlfiiity which has not tailed in the retreats of SOLITUDE thiofc delicious moments when MIAN, fleeing fi-om the delusions of falsehood, enters into hii own heart to feck the sparks of truth. What "pleaflre, after having been tofi' d during many years on the sea of life, to climb some friendly rock, and refect in peace and safety on the tempell and fhipwrccks which ensued! Happy the man who can then forget the idle prejudices "which occupy the mind: the miseries of humanity vanish "from his sight; august T UTH fills his bosom with thepurcfl joys. It is only in these mo ments, and in those which precede the dissolution of our mortal frame, that M A N can learn " what he is upon this earth, and what this earth is to him." R 3 distance distance an astonishing grandeur of appearance; but viewed nearer, they inspire images terrific and sublime . That species of grandeur, which accompanies the idea of infinity, charms the eve when seen at a proper distance. The heart feels nothing but ravishment, while the eye observe: from afar the uninterrupted chain of there immense mountains , there enormous mafes riling one above the other. The succession of soft and lively shades tempers the impression, and gives to this prodigious wall of rocks more of the agreeable than the sublime . On the contrary, a mind of sensibility cannot take a near view of there mountains without feeling an involuntary trembling. The eye looks with fear on their eternal shows, their sleep ascents, their obscure caverns, the torrents which precipitate themselves with resounding noise over their summits, fprming innumerable cascades, the dark forests of sir with which their fides are overcharged, and the enormous fragments of rocks which time and tem perts have detached from their foundations. How my heart beat, when, for the first time, I climbed through a steep and narrow path upon those sublime deserts, continually discovering new mountains rising over my head, while upon the least stumble death menaced me in a thousand different shapes below! But imagination loon begins to kindle, when you perceive your seif self alone in the midst of all this grandeur of nature, and reflec from these heights on the nothingness of human power, and the weakness of the greatest monarchs! THE history of swv iferland evinces, that the inhabitants of these mountains are not men of a degenerated cast, but that their sentiments are elevated, and their feelings warm. Their boldness and intrepidity are innate; the spirit of Liberty gives wings to their souls; and they trample tyranny and tyrants under their feet. But the spirit of liberty is only to be found genuine among the inhabitants of the Alps; for all the Swiss are not in reality free, although they have notions of liberty, love their country, and return their thanks to THE ALMIGHTY for that happy peace which permits each individual to live quietly under his vine, and to enjoy the shade of his fig tree. THE Alps in Switerland are inhabited by a race of men sometimes unsociable, but always good and generous. The severity of their climate renders them hardy and robust, while their pastoral life adds softness to their characters. An Englishman has said, that he who never heard thunder in the Alps, cannot conceive any idea of the continuity Qs the lightning, the rolling r4 and and the burst of the thunder which roars round the horizon of there immense mountains . The inhabitants of the Alps therefore, who have never seen better houses than their own cabins, or any other country than their native rocks, conceive every part of the universe to be formed of the lame rough materials, and a scene of unceasing tempests . THE Heavens, however, are not always threatening; the lightning does not continually flash upon their eyes; immediately after the most dreadful tempests , the hemisphere clears itself by slow de gree, and becomes serene. The heads and hearts of THE Swiss are of a similar nature; kindness succeeds to anger; and generosity to the most brutal fulry: this may be easily proved, not only from the records of history, but from recent sacs. ONE of the inhabitants of these stupendous mountains , GENERAL DE REDIN, born in the canton of Schwitz, was enrolled very early in life in the Swiss guards, and had attained the Rtation of lieutenant-general. His long residence at Paris and Versailles, however, did not in any degree alter his character; and he continued through life a Swiss. The orders issued by the court of Jlerfailles, in the year 1764, for the regulation gulation of the Swiss