grace impart, You'd swear, again the rival artists strove, And Pallas' self this radiant texture wove. On On a Storm, Painted by C W. b mpf d, Esq. wta HAT power divine the Limner's art displays! What various scenes his plastic touch can raise I Beneath his magic wand fair profpeets rise, The funfline gilds, or tempests cloud the skies. Methinks 1 hear tremendous thunders roar, And awful roll along the echoing Thore. For see! th' embattled clouds tumultuous clafn; Whilit the dread lightning's momentary flash Darts over the mountain's brow th' elet&ric rays, And on its crelt the kindling sulphur plays. Th' affrighted hind, who guides his loaded car, Beholds, amidit the elemental war, Though' tamed by daily toil, the labouring horse With terror wild resume his native force. He fiarts; he rears: impatient of control, Hle Shakes his mane; his flafing'eye balls roll! Prone to the earth, in cumbrous traces bound, His yoke mate falls, and floundering paws the ground. The The lofty amh, that on the mountain's fides The timorous herds beneath its umbrage hides; Its branches torn, convulsed its trembling rodts, Scare from their Ihelter the astonished goats. The driving skiss, of winds and waves the sport, Attempts, yet dreads to reach, the dangerous port; / Whose towers, that braved the storms for ages pail, Seem now to nod: at each tempestuous blast Or fink amidst th' accumulated waves, Whose giant force the caffle's fiitnmit laves. Thus, by the painter's skill; we view serene, From danger free, the horrors of the scene. In b mpf d pencil we delighted trace Salvator's wildness, but with heightened grace Hence rocks and waves a pleasing landscape form; We're chatm'd with whirlwinds, and enjoy the ftdri. X To To J. t yl r, Esq. at Bath; On his admirable Landkips. S UCH are the scenes, through' which gay Fancy roves In airy dreams; and such th' enchanted groves Which sacred Poets feign, the blessed abodes Of fawns and dryads, nymphs and demigods. Landscape had long with curious search explored Each charm that Art, or Nature's views afford,. To grace her works: hills, rocks, and sylvan bowers, Flocks, herds, or rural cots; or distant towers, Or Gothic piles amidit the tufted woods; Cascades, wild cataracts, and crystal floods. Their charms exhausted, t yl r sighed to find Unfilled the vast idea in his mind; Then fearch'd imagination's teeming cell, Where yet unforrm'd ten thousand wonders dwell. There the sublime , the beautiful, the great, At Fancy's call in bright assemblage meet. Drawn thence we view with pleasure and surprise Fresh objects with celeitial splendour rife: 6 Whilst wjiilft t'ae and Spirit animate the whole, And with their powerful charms tratfport the soul. From Nature, Art, and Fancy's riches store, Thus t yl r forms, a Aytuknown, before. :.., 0 .o4t. O. 77o0 Oi Mr. igainlborough Equally excellent in Landikip and Portraits. D R A WN rby the magic power of ligt and shade, tqo gainf., orough's, fill be this rflight tibhute paid. To charm the soul with.equ, far, fe con(pixe The Painter's genius and the;, Pot's fire., When Milton sings af/angels tbold in sight, Or blooming Cherubs half difsqlvld in light ' ·, Or leads his Eve to Adam's longing arms, In all the lustre of primaeval charms: Sire with the song, through' Eden's blissful groves, With the first pair th' enraptured fancy roves. 'Midst crystal founts or amaranthine'bowers, Ambrosial fruits, and ever blooming flowers, We trace each step by various paifions toft, And quit with tears the Paradije they lojf. K z Like Like that blet' pair, by Gainfb'rough's pencil -- dawn, - hiere each fond couple * trehads the flowery lawn; Or sunburnt heroes shine in mimic arms, Or beauties glow in never fading charms. Each eye the animated features firike; Even lovers pleased, confess the portrait like. But when the landikips various.charms we trace, Where Nature's self appears with heightened grace; There sylvan scenes present the opening glade, Th' enamelled lawn or cool sequestered ihade; The ruddy dawn there gilds the ruddy tower; There the smooth lake reflecs the purple flower. In silent wonder sixed, with joy serene, The mind surveys th' imaginary scene; And owns the pleasing cheat so well fuftain'd; Each landikip seems a Paradise regained. * Several gentlemen and ladies drawn in that taste . On On another Uimner at Bath. An txpoftulation. S" QAY, thou that deign'1i in panegyric lays, "And rapturous notes the graphic Art to praise, " Why ihares not Hoar thy tributary strain !" (Methinks I hear Italia's self complain) ( Whose glowing tints, with various grace replete, · Still add fresh lustre to the fair and great " Whose pencil Pitt and Pelham have approved; "Nay, Pope has dignified, and Allen loved ?" Thy censure's just- -- praise the Artist's hand, Might Pope himself or Dryden's Muse demand, Yet, sure, to celebrate a single Art, Where every liberal Science claims a part: To praise the Limner, where we might commend The worthy. man, the scholar or the. friend: Such panegyric might a satire prove; praise may be spared, where we esteem and love. K 3 On On the Bishop of Cloyne's * Siris. 1744. L O !' ei'ry fibje&et Berkley treats With elegance and, eaf, Tar breathes forth aromatic sweets, And metaphysics please. Though' humbly sirs the sage explores The virtues of the pine, To loftiefl themes he gently roars, Physician antd Divine! Here battered rakes for taint or gout A sure balsamic find; Here Sophs may learn what Plato thought Of the eternal Mind. Henceforth let none the lawn decry, If Berkley's pious care Teach wits to own a Trinity, And beaux to relish Tar. * Or chain of arguments in which, from investigating the subtle fire, to which the virtues of Tar are ascribed, the Bishop ascends to the Platonic notion of the Supreme being mind and vivifying Spirit, Sc. The The Christian Heroes. HAT time th' unbounded licence of the press, Or zeal for Truth, indulged to an excess,