unto the highest of all, where our imagination is finally lost; and we find terror , quite throughout the progress, its inseparable companion, and growing along with it, as far as we can pofiibly trace them. Now, as power is undoubtedly a capital source of the sublime , this will point out evidently from whence its energy is derived, and to what class of ideas we ought to unite it. secte SECT. VI PR I VATION. A LL general privations are great, because they are all terrible; Vacuity, Darknes, Solitude, and Silence. With what a fire of imagination , yet with what severity of judgement, has Virgil amassed all these circumstances, where he knows that all the images of a tremendous dignity ought to be united, at the mouth of hell! where, before he unlocks the secrets of the great deep, he seems to be seized with a religious horror , and to retire astonished at the boldness of his own design: d2 quibus imperium eft animarum, umbraque silentes! Et Chaos, et Phlegethon! loca no filentia late! Sit mihifas audita loqui! sit numine vejfro Pandere res alta terra et caligine merfas! Ibant Ibant obfcuri, folafub note, per umbrami Perque uomes Ditis vacuas, et inania regna. refubterraneous gods! whofi awefulfway The gliding ghojis, and silent Jhades obey; O Chaos, hear! and Phlegethon profound Ihofefil emn empire fretches wide around! "Give me, ye great. tremendous powers, to tell Of Jfenes and wonders in the depth of hell: give.m e ywr mighty secrets to display From thqof black realms of darkness to the day. PITT Obscure they went through dreary thades. that led flong the wafie dominions of the dead. DRYDET. SECT. SEC T. VII V A S T N E S S. G' REATNESS * of dimension is a powerful cause of the sublime . This is too evident, and the observation too common, to need any illustration; it is not so common, to confider in what ways greatness of dimension, vastness of extent, or quantity, has the most striking effet. For certainly, there are ways, and modes, wherein the same quantity of extension shall produce greater effeets than it is found to do in others. Extension is either in length, height, or depth. Of these the length firikes least; an hundred yards of even ground will never work such an effect as a tower an hundred yards high, or a rock or mountain of that altitude. I am apt to imagine likewise, that height is less grand than Part IV felt. 9. depth; depth; and that we are more struck at looking down from a precipice, than looking up at an object of equal height: but of that I am not very positive. A perpendicular has more force in forming the sublime , than an inclined plain; and the effects of a rugged and broken surface seem stronger than where it is smooth and polished. It would carry us out of our way to enter in this place into the cause of there appearances; but certain it is they afford a large and fruitful field of speculation. However, it may not be amiss to add to these remarks upon magnitude, that, as the great extreme of dimensionis sublime , so the last extreme of littleness is in some measure sublime likewise; when we attend to the infinite divisibility of matter, when we pursue animal life into these excessively small, and yet organised beings, that escape the nicest inquisition of the sense, when we push our discoveries yet downward, and confider those creatures fa many many degrees yet smaller, and the still diminishing scale of exilaence, in tracing which the imagination is lost as well as the sense, we become amazed and confounded at the wonders of minuteness; nor can we ditinguifl in its effea this extreme of littleness from the vast itself. For divifionr must be infinite as well as addition; because the idea of a perfect unity can no more be arrived at, than that of a complete whole, to which nothing may be added. SOUTHEAST C T. VIIL IN SI N I T Y. A NO T H E R source of the sublime is Infinity; if it does not rather belong to the last. Infinity has a tendency to fill the mind with that sort of delightful horror , which is the most genuine effect, and truest test of the sublime . There are scarce any things which (K can can become the objecs of our senses, that are really and in their own nature infinite . But the eye not being able to perceive the bounds of many things, they seem to be infinite , and they produce the same effects as if they were really so. We are deceived in the like manner, if the parts of some large object are so continued to any indefinite number, that the imagination meets no check which may hinder its extending them at pleasure. Whenever we repeat any idea frequently, the mind, by a sort of mecha nifin, repeats it long after the sirs cause has ceased to operate *. After whirling about, when we sit down, the objects about us still seem to whirl. After a long succession of noises, as the fall of waters, or the beating of forge hammers, the hammers beat and the water roars in the imagination long after the first sounds have ceased to affect stand they die away at lait by gradations which are * Part IV fe. 12. scarcely £carcely perceptible. If you hold up a firait pole, with your eye to one end, it will seem extended to a length almost incredible *. Place a number of uniform and equidistant marks on this pole, they will cause the same deception, and seem multiplied without end. The senses, firongly affected in rn one manner, cannot quickly change their tenor, or adapt themselves to other things; but they continue in their old channel until the strength of the first mover decays. This is the reason of an appearance very frequent in madmen; that