view to their own schemes and systems: and and as for those called critics, they have generally sought the rule of the arts in the wrong place; they sought it among poems, pictures, engravings, statues, and buildings. But art can never give the rules that make an art. This is, I believe, the reason why artists in general, and poets principally, have been confined in so narrow a circle; they have been rather imitators of one another than of nature; and this with so faithful an uniformity, and to so remote an antiquity, that it is hard to say who gave the first model. Critics follow them, and therefore can do little as guides. I can judge but poorly of anything, whilst I measure it by no other standard than itself. The true fandard of the arts is in every man's power; and an easy observation of the most common, sometimes of the meaneit things in nature, will give the truest lights, where the greatest sagacity and industry that slights such such observation, must leave us in the dark, or, what is worse, amuse and mislead us by false lights. In an inquiry it is almost everything to be once in a right road. I am satisfied I have done but little by these observations considered in themselves; and I never should have taken the pains to digest them, much less should I have ever ventured to publish them, if I was not convinced that nothing tends more to the corruption of science than to susser it to flag nate. These waters mutt be troubled before they can exert their virtues. A man who works beyond the surface of things, though he may be wrong himself, yet he clears the way for others, and may chance to make even his errors subservient to the cause of truth. In the following parts I shall inquire what things they are that cause in us the as fetions of the sublime and beautiful, as in this I have considered the affections themselves. I only desire one favour, that that no part of this discourse may be judged of by itself and independently of the rest; for I am sensible I have not disposed my materials to abide the test of a captious controversy, but of a sober and even forgiving examination; that they are not armed at all points for battle, but dressed to visit those who are willing to give a peaceful entrance to truth. THE END OF THE FIRST PART. i 95s A Philosophical Inquiry INTO THE ORIGIN of our IDEAS OF THE SUBLIME and BEAUTIFUL. PART II SECT. I. OF THE PASSION CAUSED BY THE SUBLIME . T HE passion caused by the great and sublime in nature, when those causes operate most powerfully, is astonishment ; and astonishment is that state of the soul, in which all its motions are suspended, with some degree of horror . In this cafe the mind is so entirely filled * Part I. fe. 3, 4, 7. with with its object, that it cannot entertain any other, nor by consequence reason on that object which employs it. Hence arises the great power of the sublime , that, far from being produced by them, it anticipates our reasonings, and hurries us on by an irresistible force. Astonishment , as I have said, is the effet of the sublime in its highest degree; the inferior effects are admiration, reverence, and respect. SECT. II TERROR . N O passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of ating and reasoning as fear. * For fear being an apprehension of pain or death, it operates in a manner that resembles actual pain. Whatever therefore is terrible, with regard to fight, is sublime too, whether * Part IV fe, 3, 4 5, 6. this this cause of terror , be endued with greatness of dimensions or not; for it is impossible to look on anything as trifling, or contemptible, that may be dangerous. There are many animals, who though far from being large, are yet capable of taifing ideas of the fublitme, because they are considered as objects of terror ; as serpents and poisonous animals of alnoft all kinds. And .to things of great dimensions, if we afinex an adventitious idea of terror , they become without comparison greater. A level pli.in of a vast extent on land; is certainly no mean idea; the profpee of such a plain may be as extensive as a prospect of the ocean but can it ever fill the mind with anything so great as the ocean itself? This is owing to several causes but it is owing to none more than this, that this ocean is an object of no small terror . Indeed terror is in all cafes whatsoever, either more openly or latently, the ruling principle of the sublime . Several languages bear IH a strong a strong testimony to the affinity of these ideas. They frequently use the same word, to signify indifferently the modes of aftoniflhment or admiration and those of terror . eoyo0 is in Greek, either fear or wonder ; swvog is terrible or respectable; atrew, to reverence or to fear. Fe reor in Latin, is what oisew, is in Greek. The Romans used the verb fiupeo, a term which strongly marks the fate of an astonished mind, to express the effec either of simple fear, or of aflonithment; the word attonitys thunder struck) is equally expressive of the alliance of these ideas; and do not the French etonnement, and the Englifll ajionijhment and amazement, point out as clearly the kindred emotions which attend fear and wonder ? They who have a more general knowledge of languages, could produce, I make no doubt, many other and equally firiking examples. SECT SECT. III 0 B S C U R I T Y. e T O make anything very terrible, obscurity * seems in general to be nieceifary. When we know .the full extent of any danger, when .we can accustom. our eyes to. it, a great deal