mundi moles operofa laboret. OVID. cum compage foluta s.cula tot mundi fuprema coegerit hora, Antiquum repetens iterum chaos; omnia mistis Sidera fideribus concurrent. -- totaque difcors Machina divulfi turbabit foedera mundi. LUCAN. ET others sing th' inconstant fate of arms, Prefumring beauty, and terrestrial charms; Bid warlike squadrons close in dire array, And all the passions of mankind display. hile Iings rejoice their empire to extend, lach being exults, regardless of its end; My muse would fain ascend the plaintive shy, Scan distant worlds, and future themes descry; Deep Deep rapt in thought, this awful scene pursue, Its end, its final cause, and fate review. Begin the song where pleasing objects fail, Earth's last convulsions, and old time bewail; The waking dead, descriptive, then display, And clothed in terrors , sin and death portray. May God, my judge, my trembling muse inspire, Truth crown each line, and breathe celestial fire! Through' dense surrounding clouds my mind surveys The weight of thought, its freedom and its maze; Through' tracts unknown, aspiring fancy roars, Where lightnings flash, and murmuring thunder roars; Upborne sublime , the coafis the realms of light, Or mounts with hope supreme, serenely bright. Afraid, I durst fair Nature's exit sing, My slow ideas into language spring. Behold, revolved, the rolling seasons fly, And thought presents the end of nature nigh; Sublime in air commiflion'd angels rise, And prodigies tremenduous rend the skies. The stars no more celestial space adorn, Nor radiant Phoebus brings the blufbing morn; Eclipsed Eclipsed and lost, they fink in lasting night, Or yield obedience to eternal might; Winged with distress, they route aereal war, Strike other orbs, and quit their proper sphere. With crimson tinged, the queen of ihade descends, The moon no more refulgent splendour lends; She, robbed of light, or dipped in sanguine dye, Torn from her orbit, wanders round the sky; Strong, fair, and old, a miracle of might! The fun divides! great retina of light! Increasing gloom his wandering state shall veil, And midnight shade over all his worlds prevail. Night, ancient night, will mount her sable throne, And fra&ur'd chaos call those dregs his own; Old ocean break his deep contingent bound, And rending earthquakes force the labouring ground. Torn from their deep foundations, hurled on high, Stupenduous mountains then shall cloud the lky; Winged through' the intermediate space, behold Rocks whelmed on rocks, and stars on planets rolled. Aghast and pale, the sons of men survey Th' unrivalled terrors of this awful day. In vain they lock the cave, or climb the steep, Confusion gives them to the murmuring deep; Rent Rent are the vales; the lofty mountains nod, And meteors, shot through' meteors, wait on god. But, lo! in air aftonilh'd systems cease, And wonder holds confliaing orbs in peace; Stopped in full force confusion halts on high, A momentary silence calms the sky. Enclosed in clouds, embowered beyond compare, Th' alarming trump divides the ambient air; Around the globe its awful summons flies, At once a voice tremenduous shakes the skies. Struck through' her works, astonished nature reels, And recent pangs each fuffring creature feels. Earth trembling bows, the shattered mountains rend, The works of ages in one moment end; Old ocean heaves; the rattling tempests roar; And mountain billows burst the winding shore; Vast desolation proves celestial ire, And flaming bitumen explodes in fire. Hark! through' th' immense of space the trumpet sounds, Thle Heavens re echo, and each orb rebounds. Awake! Awake! awake! a voice commanding cries; Awake! awake! the mouldering mass replies; Roused at th' amazing call, the dead revive, Heaven gives extent, and all conditions live. The graves expand; up from the troubled main, Sad through' the deep, proceeds a shuddering train. Hell hears the rending voice; her gates display; Death adds fresh horror to that woeful day; Judged for deceit, Abaddon leads his powers; Alarmed, th' infernal pit unfolds its doors! Permifion breaks through' every mound of pain, Over Death and Hell the SON OF GOD will reign. Sure, at the general doom, when fummon'd there, Not one that was, or is, but must appear. Lo! ancient kings and princes join the train, The prescient bard, and awkward labouring vwain, What boots it once in Tyrian robes to shine? The crimson ihades and nature's charms recline; By kings refpeeted, and by states revered, They, and their fubjecs, rise, though' unprepared. Where lurks their boasted pomp? ah! tell rne where Can regal sceptres vindicate their sphere? Where is that fiend who made the nations bow, And potentates obey his graceless law? Where Where now is every pleating phantom hurled Beneath the rubbish of a burning world. An horrid scene Abaddon's mind employs, Divested, robbed of all affected joys; Naked and trembling, lost in wild surprise, Assembling millions from the grave arise. What quick transitions strike th' astonished eye! From orb to orb diftrated cherubs fly; Angels appalled, from ancient darkness come, Damons aghast! forsake their baleful home. Blended with men promiscuous, myriads stand; The vile shall hear an ultimate command. To what shall then the saves of sin descend? What dispensation wrath divine portend? Conscience must live, its mingled terrors start, As keen reflection moves the panting heart. Behold yon shuddering crowd, aghast and pale! With anxious thoughts await their wanting scale. Their pangs increase, eternal justice fiowns, And dire remembrance flings, while nature groans A plaintive sound ascends; flricks pierce the air, With cries for mercy, joined with fell despair. Over Overwhelmed with dread, they wist to end the soul; But death nor darkness can their life control -- - The trumpet sounds afresh; the planets fire, And ancient systems in the flames expire; Vast glades of light emit a denser blaze, The ocean boils, and end the briny seas. Mid this wide wreck of worlds, the just, serene, With pleating awe behold the final scene; Blessed through' redemption, hope excites their love; Their joy, their peace, declare their trust above. What brings distress to yon abandoned crew, Bids them with pleasure their