the emotion tion wears off, wrapped in fience and inquisitive horror . The combination of pallons in the sublime , renders the idea of it obscure . No doubt the sensation of fear is very diftint in it; but it is equally obvious, that there is Something in the sublime more than this abjec passion. In all other terrors the soul loses its dignity, and as it were shrinks below its usual size: but at the presence of the sublime , although it be always awful , the soul of man seems to be raised out of a trance; it assumes an unknown grandeur; it is seized with a new appetite, that in a moment effaces its former little profpets and desires; it is rapt out of the sight and consideration of this diminutive world, into a kind of gigantic creation, where it finds room to dilate itself to a size agreeable to its present nature and grandeur: it overlooks the Appenines, and h4 the the clouds upon them, and sees nothing in view around it but immense objects. In the poets language it flies, it soars, it pursues a beauty in the madness of rapture, that words or description cannot contain; and if there expressions be extravagant and improper in the ordinary commerce of life, they yet exaaly describe the intellcaual and real state of the mind at the presence of the sublime . The sublime enters into the principles of taste with such diftinaion, and rules the human spirit with such absolute sovereignty, that I would fain discover the origin and nature of its power; but fate seems to have covered it over with mystery, the greatest writers have either Ropped short, or failed in the attempt, and I am safe enough although I turn aside, and leave it in the sacred obscurity in which it has so long been veiled: however, I may, by an. hypothesis, pothefis, attempt to give you an intelligible idea of the manner in which it affeas us; I have a licence from cutlom for doing so; for I must inform you, that modern philosophers often take the liberty of forming systems merely for the sake of illustration, and to resolve difficulties, without thinking themselves obliged to give a demonitration of the truth of their system. If it tends to make that conceivable which was before inconceivable; the inventors suppose that they have done some service to science. The system I am going to lay before you, is that of a friend of mine, who was a true lover of knowledge. He found little satisfaction in the philosophy of colleges and schools, particularly in those inquiries he thought of moult importance: he had withdrawn himself from the tri ling buste of the little world, to converso with with his own heart, and end a Rorrny ife in obscure quiet. One day after dinner, we walked out to indulge on our favourite topics. Our excursion terminated at a rock, whose bar is washed by the Western Ocean. It was one of those fine days in Auguf, when the cool of the evening brought on a refreshing sweetness. We sat down to rest, and enjoy the prospect of the sea, that firetched before us beyond the limits of the eye. The fun was just setting, and his last softened beams flying to the flore, seemed to dip in a thousand waves, and leave in the waters the blaze they lost. We had been reading Homer on our way to the seaside. When we sat down, our conversation turned on the firange power of the sublime . It is easy, says the thoughtful philosopher, to describe the impressions the sublime makes on the mind, and this is all the writers on this subject have hitherto hitherto done with any success; but is. it impofible, from a due attention to the symptoms, to unravel its meaning, and discover the spring of the silent and inquisitive astonishment it impresses on the spirit of man? I am sensible a just explication of the sublime muff account for all its effets, as well for the noble elevation and the charming rapture, as for the terror it bestows. If I can produce a cause that accounts sufficiently for all the symptoms, and no other can be given, then mine ought by all rules of good reasoning to be admitted for the true one, however novel it appears. In order to proceed to the discovery we desire to make, let us turn our views to objects remarkably sublime , and from thenm obtain what intelligence we can. Observe this mountain that rites so high en the left, if we had been further removed from it, you might see behind it other other mountains rising in firange confusion, the furthest off almost lost in the distance, yet great in the obscurity , your imagination labours to travel over them, and the inhabitants seem to reside in a fuperlor world. But here you have a different profpet, the next mountain covers all the rest from your view, and by its nearer approach, presents distinctly to your eye objects of new admiration. The rocks on its fides meet the clouds in vast irregularity; the pensive eye traces the rugged precipice down to the bottom, and surveys there the mighty ruins that time has mouldered and tumbled below. It is easy in this instance to discover that we are terrified and silenced into awe , at the vefjiges we see of immense power; and the more manifest are the appearances of disorder, and the neglect of contrivance, the more plainly we feel the boundless might these rude monuments are owing to. But besides fides this silent fear, we find our curiosity rotifed from its deepert springs in the soul; and while we tremble, we are seized with an exquisite delight, that attends on sublime objecs only. The same mixed sensation weighs upon us, when we see an ocean difiurbed and agitated in forms; or a forest roaring, and bending under the force of the tempes. We