boundless plain be a grand object, yet a high mountain , to which we look up, or an awful precipice or tower whence we look down on the objecs which lie below, is frill more so. The excelfive Grandeur of the firmament arises from its height, joined to its boundless extent; and that of the ocean, not from its extent alone, but from the perpetual motion and irresistible force of that mass of waters. Wherever space is concerned, it is clear, that amplitude or greatness of extent, in one dimension or other, is necessary to Grandeur. Remove all bounds from any object, and you presently render it sublime . Hence infinite space, endless numbers, and eternal duration, fill the mind with great ideas. FROM this rome have imagined , that vast . ness, or amplitude of extent, is the foundation of all Sublimity . But I cannot be of this opinion, because many objects appear fiblim'e which have no relation to space at all. Such, for instance, is great loudness. of sound. The burfi of thunder or of cannon, the the roaring of winds, the shouting of multi L E C T. tudes, the sound of vast cataracts of water, Il are all inconteflibly grand objects" " heard " the voice of a great multitude, as the sound " of many waters, and of mighty thunderings , " saying Allelujah." In general we may observe, that great power and force exerted, always raise sublime ideas: and perhaps the most copious source of there is derived from this quarter. Hence the grandeur of earthquakes and. burning mountains ; of great conflagrations; of the stormy ocean, and overflowing waters;, of tempests of wind; of thunder and lightning; and of all the uncommon violence of the elements. Nothing is more sublime than mighty power and strength. A fiream that runs within its banks, is a beautiful object; but when it rushes down with the impetuosity and noise of a torrent, it presently becomes a sublime one. From lions, and other animals of strength, are drawn sublime comparisons in poets. A race horse is looked upon with pleasure; but it is the warhorse, "whose " neck is clothed with thunders " that carries grandeur in its idea. The engagement of two great armies, as it is the highest exertion of human might, combines a variety of sources of the Sublime ; and has accordingly been always considered as one of the moll firiking and magnificent fpedacles that can be either presented to the eye, or exhibited to the imagination in description. FOR L E C T. FOR the farther illustration of this subjet, mit is proper to remark, that all ideas of the solemn and awful kind and even bordering on the terrible, tend greatly to assis the Sublime ; such as darkness, solitude, and silence. What are the fcenesoof nature that elevate the mind in the highest degree, and produce the iublime sensation? Not the gay landscape, the flowery field, or the flourihing city; but the hoary mountain , and the solitary lake; the aged forest, and the torrent falling over the rock. Hence too, - night fcenes are commonly the most sublime . The firmament when filled with stars, scattered in such vail numbers, and with such magnificent profusion, firikes the imagination with a more awful grandeur, than when we view it enlightened by all the splendour of the Sun. The deep sound of a great bell, or the striking of a great clock, are at any time grand; but, when heard amid the silence and fiillnefs of the night, they become doubly so. Darkness is very commonly applied for adding sublimity to all our ideas of the Deity. " He "maketh darkness his pavilion; he dwelleth "in the thick cloud." So Milton How oft, amidst Thick clouds and dark, does Heavens all ruling Sire Choose to reside, his glory unobfcured, And, with the Majesty of darkness, round Circles his throne Boou II 263. Observe, Observe, with how much art Virgil has in L E C T. troduced all those ideas of silence, vacuity,, L. and darkness, when he is going to introduce his Hero to the infernal regions, and to disclose the secrets of the great deep. Dii quibus imperium eft anunarum, umbraquc silentes, Et Chaos, et Phlegethon, loca nore filentia lait, Sit mihi fas audita loqui; sit numine veftro Pandere res alta terra, & caligine merfas. Ibant obfcuri, sola sub noqe, per umbram, Perque domos Ditis vacuos, et inania regna; Quale per incertam lunam, sub luce maligna Eft iter in fylvis *. These passages I quote at present, not so much as instances of Sublime Writing, though in themselves they truly are so, as to show, by the effea of them, that the objects which they present to us, belong to the class of sublime ones. Ye fpbterrapean Gods, whole awful sway The gliding ghots and silent thades obey; O Chaos, hear! and Phlegethon profound I Whore folemi empire fretches wide around 1 Give me, ye great tremendous, owers! to tell Of scenes and wonders in the depths of Hell; Give me your mighty secrets to display, From thofee black realms of darkness to the day. PITT. Obicure they went; through dreary shades, that led Along the waste dominions of the dead; As wander travellers in woods by night, By the moon's doubtful and malignant light. DRYDO N. OBSCU LE CT. OBSCURITY , we are farther to remark, is '.lnot unfavourable to the Sublime . Though it render the object indiftind, the impression, however, may be great; for, as an ingenious Author has well observed, it is one thing to make an idea clear, and another to make it affecing to the imagination ; and the imagination may be firongly affected; and, in, often is so, by objects of which we have no clear conception. Thus we see, that almost all the descriptions given us of the appearances of supernatural Beings, carry some Sublimity , though the conceptions which they afford us be confured and indif tina. Their Sublimity arises from the ideas, which they always