from my danger arrogate new praise: Anmidft the fears of death they bid me live, Ad il. naull bnce what they are sure to give. rhyme, rhyme, tend farther to enfeeble it. h omer'sl E C T. description of the nod of Jupiter, as shaking JV. the heavens, has been admired, - in all ages, as highly Sublime . Literally translated, it runs thus: " He spoke, and bending his sable brows, gave the awful nod; while he ' shook the celestial locks of his immortal "head, all Olympus was thaken." Mr. Pope translates it thus: He spoke; and awful bends his sable brows, Shakes his ambrosial curls, and gives the nod, The stamp of fate, and fantion of a God. High Heaven with trembling the dread signal took, And all Olympus to its centre shook. THE image is spread out, and attempted to be beautified; but it is, in truth, weakened. The third line -- -" The Rtamp of fate, " and sanction of a God," is merely expletive; and introduced for no other reason but to fill up the rhyme; for it interrupts the description, and clogs the image. For the same reason, out of mere compliance with the rhyme, Jupiter is represented as shaking his locks before he gives the nod, -- Shakes his ambrosial curls, and gives the nod," which is trifling, and without meaning. Whereas, in the original, the hair of his head shaken, is the ecffet of his nod, and makes a happy picturesque circumstance in the description *. + See Webb on the Beauties of Poetry. VOL. I. G THE L E CT. THE boldness, freedom, and variety of V _. our blank verse, is infinitely more favourable than rhyme, to all kinds of Sublime poetry. The fullest proof of this is afforded by Milton; an author, whose genius led him eminently to the Sublime . The whole sirs and second books of Paradise Lost, are continued instances of it. Take only, for an example, the following noted decfription of Satan, after his fall, appearing at the head of the infernal hofis: He, above the rest, In shape and gesture proudly eminent, Stood like a tower: his form had not yet lost All her original brightness, nor appeared Less than archangel ruined ; and the excess Of glory obscured : As when the fun, new risen, Looks through the horizontal misty air, Shorn of his beams; or, from behind, the moon, Iu dim eclipse, disastrous twilight theds On half the nations, and with fear of change Perplexes monarchs. Darkened so, yet ihone Above them all th' Archangel. Here concur a variety of sources of the Sublime : The principal object eminently great; a high superior nature, fallen indeed, but ereating itself against distress; the grandeur of the principal object heightened, by afto ciating it with so noble an idea as that of the fun suffering an eclipse; this picure shaded with all those images of change and trouble, of darkness and terror , which coincide so finely with the Sublime emotion,; and the whole whole expressed in a style and versification, L E C T. easy, natural, and simple, but magnificent. IV I HAVE spoken of firplicity and concise ess, as essential to Sublime Writing.: In my eneral description of it, I mentioned Strength, s another necessary requisite. The Strength f description arises, in a great measure, from simple conciseness; but, it supposes also omething more; namely, a proper choice of ircumtances in the description, so as to ex ibit the object in its full and most firiking oint of view. For every objeac has several aces, so to speak, by which it may be resented to us, according to the circum tances with which we surround it; and it ill appear eminently Sublime , or not, in roportion as all these circumfiances are hap ily chosen, and of a Sublime kind. Here ies the great art of the writer; and indeed, he great difficulty of Sublime description. f the description be too general, and diveit d of circumstances, the objeet appears in a faint light, it makes a feeble impression, or o impression at all, on the reader. At the same time, if any trivial or improper circum fances are mingled, the whole is degraded. A STORM or tempest , for instance, is a Sublime object in nature. But, to render it Sublime in description, it is not enough, either to give us mere general expressions concerning the violence of the tempest , or to describe its common, vulgar effets, in over G z throwing L E C T. throwing trees and houses. It must be paint V ed with such circumstances as fill the mind with great and awful ideas. This is very happily done by Virgil, in the following passage: Ipse Pater, media nimborum in no, corufca Fulmina molitur dextra; quo maxima motu Terra tremit; fugere ferae; & mortalia corda, Per gentes humilis ftravit pavor: Ille, flagranti Aut'atho, aut. Rhodopen, aut alta Ceraunia telo Dejicit .- GEORG. I. EVERY circumstance in this noble description is the production of an imagination heated and astonished with the grandeur of the objec. If there be any defect, it is in the words immediately following those I have quoted; " Ingeminant Aufiri, et den" " imber; " where the transition is made too hastily, I am afraid, from the preceding Sublime images, to a thick shower, and the blowing of the south wind; and * The Father of the Gods his glory ihrouds, Involved in tempests , and a night of clouds; And from the middle darkness flafling out, By fits he deals his fiery bolts about. Earth feels the motions of her angry God, her.intrails tremble, and her mountains nod, And flying beasts in forests seek abode. Deep horror seizes every human breat; Their pride is humbled, and their fears confert While he, from high his rolling thunders throws, And fires the mountains with repeated blows; The rocks are from their old foundations rent; The winds redouble, and the rain augment. drtdhn. Shows