any other occasion. In the sublime we feel ourselves alarmed, our motions are suspended, and we remiain for tome time until the emotion tion wears off, wrapped in silence and inquisitive horror . The combination of pafitons in the sublime , renders the idea of it obscure . n6 doubt the sensation of fear is very diflina in it; but it is equally obvious, that there is something in the sublime more than this abjet passion. In all other terrors the soul loses its dignity, and as it were shrinks below its usual size: but at the presence of the sublime , although it be always awful , the soul of man seems to be raised out of a trance; it assumes an unknown grandeur; it is seized with a new appetite, that in a moment effaces its former little profpces and desires; it is rapt out of the sight and consideration of this diminutive world, into a kind of gigantic creation, where it finds room to dilate itself to a size agreeable to its present nature and grain deur: it overlooks the Appcnincs, and 1-1 4 the the clouds upon' them, and sees nothing in view around it but immense objects. In the poets language it flies, it soars, it pursues a beauty in the madness of rapture, that words or description cannot contain; and if these expressions be extravagant and improper in the ordinary commerce of life, they yet cxaaly describe the intellectual and real state of the mind at the pretence of the sublime . The sublime enters into the principles of taste with such diflintioln, and rules the human spirit with such absolute sovereignty, that I would fain discover the origin and nature of its power; but fate seems to have covered it over with nyftery, the greatest writers have either stopped short, or failed in the attempt, and I am fast enough although I turn afndc, and leave it in the sacred ob fctlrity in which it has so long been veiled: however, I my, by an hypothesis, pothefis, attempt to give you an intelligible idea of the manner in which it affeas us: I have a licence from custom for doing so; for I must inform you, that modern philosophers often take the liberty of forming systems merely for the sake of illurtration, and to resolve difficulties, without thinking themselves obliged to give a demonstration of the truth of their system. If it tends to make that conceivable which was before inconceivable; the inventors suppose that they have done some service to science. The fytrem I am going to lay before you, is that of a friend of mine, who was a true lover of knowledge. He found little satisfaction in the philosophy of colleges and schools, particularly in thoce inquiries he thought of nmot importance: he had withdrawn himfnelf from the trifling bustle of the little world, to convcrfc with with his own heart, and end a rormy life in obscure quiet. One day after dinner, we walked out to indulge on our favourite topics. Our excursion terminated at a rock, whose base is washed by the Wecfern Ocean. It was one of those fine days in August, when the cool of the evening brought on a refreshing sweetness. We sat down to rest, and enjoy the profpet of the sea, that stretched before us beyond the limits of the eye. The fun was just setting, and his last softened beams flying to the shore, seemed to dip in a thousand waves, and leave in the waters the blaze they lost. We had been reading Homer on our way to the seaside. When we sat down, our conversation turned on the firange power of the fubliine. It is cafy, says the thoughtful philosopher, to describe the impressions the fiublimc makes on the mind, and this is nil the writers on this subject have hitherto hitherto done with any success; but is it impossible, from a due attention to the symptoms, to unravel its meaning, and discover the spring of the filent and inquisitive astonishment it impresses on the spirit of man? I am feinfible a just explication of the sublime mul account for all its effees, as well for the noble elevation and the charming rapture, as for the terror it befrows. If I can produce a cause that accounts fnfficiently for all the symptoms, and no other can be given, then mine ought by all rules of good reasoning to be admitted for the true one, however novel it appears. In order to proceed to the discovery we desire to make, let us turn our views to objctls remarkably fiblime, and son them obtain what intelligence we can. Observe this mountain that rises to high on the left; if we had been farther removed fi-om it, you might see behind it other other mountains riling in strange confi sion, the farthest off almost lost in the distance, yet great in the obscurity , your imagination labours to travel over them, and the inhabitants seem to reside in a superior world. But here you have a different prolpec; the next mountain covers all the rest from your view, and by its nearer approach, presents diftinótly to your eye objects of new admiration. The rocks on its fides meet the clouds in vast irregularity; the pensive eye traces the rugged precipice down to the bottom, and surveys there the mighty ruins that time has mouldered and tumbled below. It is easy in this instance to discover that we are terrified and silenced into awe , at the Jftliges we see of immense power; and the more manifest arc the appearances of disorder, and the negle't of contrivance, the more plainly we feel the boundlcfs might there rude monuments arc owing to. But besides fides this silent fear, we feel our curiosity roused from its deepest springs in the soul; and while we tremble, we are seized with an exquisite delight, that attends on sublime objects only. The same mixed sensation weighs upon