his miiimi., his conduct, auil CLI : cer, we can assure siuch that Mr. Burke : e "t'studied at St. Omer's, or at any other popish, or even fto: 'iign semliln!ry lie lwas bred, and ias always continued il the 1prte it; i it faiith. ' Soon alter he hiid finished his education at the university, a vacancy happened in the Logic chair at Glasgow. A considerable intercourse had existed between the universities of Glasgow and Dublin, owing in some measure, probably, to their relative position; but in a great degree to the same of the eminent hiutchinson, who had been educated at Dublin, and always retained a close intercourse with Ireland. Mr. Burke applied for tile professorshli, but too late: the successful candidate was Mr. James Clow, lately deceased. Disappointment of early views has been the occasion of advancement of' several eminent men of modern times. Mr. h ume was an unsuccessful candid: .te for the professorship of Moral Philosophy at ledinburgh, and thence devoted to general literature talents which might hae beien conlined to studies more peculiarly connected with his situaitioi i Aw : i more useful than even flume could hiave produced in ab tract lihilooiliy -- the ' h istury ol'englanzd' woul;, pro baby, not lhave existel. Dr. Fergusson was disappoilnt d in an ap plicatioin., i : living in an obscure part of Scotland. Had lie been successful, hi, le; ear'i and philosophical talents might have been lost to the world. ithe chair fbr which Mr. Burke applied would have been favou; rabe to phliiosop!tical eflrt: but had hie been successtsfl, talents mi: lht have been spent in sequestration, which nature formed for public iile. Disal, L ointed here, Mr. Burke betook himself to London, where genius , if vigorously excited, judiciously directed and regulated, seildom sails of ultimate success. On his first anlivli he entered himnself of the Temple. Mr. Burke's finances were inai, i:, i; ltl tle stud'l of the law required time and expense. le snon began to feel, what seems the fate of all men of genius to experience in some degree, want of friends, want of money, with the long train of consequent ills.. Isle sought and found relief in intellecttual resources. which, if they did not instantly exalt him to independl, .ice, arrested the distresses wllich poverty threatened. He was compl; iled to earn a subsistence, by submitting to the drudieryl of writing for diurnal and other periodical publications. To these he contributed essays on various subjects of politics and literature. These essays, although uniiing information, reasoning, and coimposition, much beyond cotemporary writers, did not immediately el.ible their author to emerge from obscurity . The first continuous tol: published by Mr., Burke was his bock on the . Sublime and Benaultijil.' This essay lie producedl when a student in the Temple. Law he does not appear to hlilau studied with very great zeal as a protfessiol, although no man can be minoure completely master of either its details or general principles, as a subject ofin oral and political history a; Id science. ihnme ilobrms us in I his own Lifj, ' that though profesbiling to stu(ly law, he fountd all unsurinountablle aversion to everything but tlhe pursuits of tecicral learnilng ' While they, ' (his frieinds) lhe says, ' fnc'ied I was p¢iinr over Voct and Vinnius, Cicero aiiid Virgil vwere the authors I wa; L secretly devouring.' In like manner, works of taste genius , aid phl!ilosophy, attracted Mr. llurke more powerlully than usage, decision, and statute. He preflerrld Longilus to Littleton. In tr.'eaingh of'the sublime , Ionigintis inclludes lhe pathetic, and even the beautiful, andi irlte. ed every cscllnce of clmnpositiun. Mr. ull ke saw tiuld proved the difftrencc between the 's.ublinle ant Beautiful; ' and considers each as connected with a branch of the pathetic: the former with the stronger and more violent passions, the latterwith the mild and more pleasing. The ' Sublime and Beautiful, ' lie shows, differ very essentially, both in constituents and effects. In this essay, he displays a mind both feelingly alive to each fine impulse, and able to investigate its own operations, their objects and causes. He is a philosophical anatomist of the human mind. He is, in respect to taste and its objects, what Hutchinson is in respect to the as sections, and Locke to the understanding; the first who, by experiment and analysis, endeavoured to investigate an important subject of pneumatology. Like these two profound philosophers, his account of phlnomena is just and accurate, though some of his theories may be incomplete, or even fanciful. Whoever turns his attention to subjects of taste , must see that his enumeration of the qualities which constitute sublimity and beauty is exact. Whoever is acquainted with literary history must know that this analytical inquiry is new. Mr. Addison, indeed, in his spectators on the ' Pleasures of Imagination , ' desciibes grandeur and beauty in general; but does not analyse either, so as to give a clear view of its constituents Many readers, who will admit the justness of Mr. Burke's enumeration, may esteem some of his hypotheses to be incomplete. ''Whateve, ' says he, ' is fitted in any sort to excite the ideas of pain and of danger; that is to say, whatever is in any sort terrible or is conversant about terrible objects, or operates in a manner analogous to terror , is a source of the sublime .' That terror is a very great source of the Sublime , he very jusly observes, and clearly and ingeniously illustrates; but in esteeming terrible objects, and those of analogous operation, the sole constituents of sublimity , he appears, like many men of genius , to be led too far by the love of system. Like Pythagoras, Burke , in some cases, errs from the tendency of a great mind to generalisation. There are many objects sublime which are not terrible, and terrible which are not sublime . Magnificence, vastness , force, constituents of sublimity , and included in Mr. Burke's enumeration, excite either astonishment or admiration,