God is represented as appearing or speaking, everything terrible in nature is called up to heighten the awe and solemnity of the divine presence. The psalms, and the prophetical books, are crowded with instances of this kind. The earth Jhook (fays the Pfalnift), the heavens aso dropped at the presence of the Lord. And what is remarkable, the painting preserves the the same character, not only when he his supposed descending to take vengeance upon the wicked, but even when he exerts the like plentitude of power in acs of beneficence to mankind. Trem b.c., thozt earth! at the presence of the Lord; at the prefeice of the God of lacob; which turned the rock into Jlanding water, the flint into a fountain of waters! It were endless to enumerate all the passages both in the sacred and profane writers, which establish the general sentiment of mankind, concerning the inseparable union of a sacred and a reverential awe , with our ideas of the Divinity. Hence the common maxim, pri mnos in orb deos fecit timor. This maxim may be, as I believe it is, false with regard to the origin of religion. The maker of the maxim saw how inseparable these ideas were, without considering that the notion of some great power must be always precedent to our dread of it. But this dread must necessarily follow 'the idea of such a power when it is once excited in the mind. It is on this principle that true religion has, and must have, so large a mixture of salutary fear; and that false religions have generally nothing else but fear to support them. Before the christian religion had, as it were, humanised the idea of the divinity, and brought it somewhat nearer to us, there was little said of the love of God. The followers of Plato have something of it, and only something. The other writers of pagan antiquity, whether poets or philosophers, philosophers, nothing at all. And they who confider with what infinite attention, by, what a disregard of every perishable object, through' what long habits of piety arid contemplation it is, that any.man is able to attain an entire love and devotion to the deity, will eailly perceive, that it is not the first, the most natural, and the most striking effec which proceeds from that idea. Thus we have traced power through its several gradations unto the highest of all, where our imagination is finally lost; and we find terror , quite throughout the progress, its inseparable companion, and growing along with it, as sail as we can possibly trace them. Now as power, is undoubtedly a capital source of the sublime , this will point out evidently from whence its energy is derived, and to what class of ideas we ought to unite it. S. E C T. VI PRIVATION. ALL general privations are great, because they are all terrible; Vacuity, Darkness, Solitude and Silence. With what a fire of imagination , yet with with what severity of judgement, hasvirgil amassed all there circumstances where he knows that all the images of a tremendous dignity ought to be united, at the mouth of hell! where before he unlocks the secrets of the great deep he seems to be seized with a religious horror ; and to retire aftonifhedat the boldness of his own design. Di quilts imperium es animarum, umbrxq; silentes, Et Chaos, et Phlegethon, loca nocte filentia late, Sit mii fas audita loqui, sit numine veflzro Pandere res alta terra et caligine merfas. Ibant obfcuri, sola sub node, per umbram, Perquc domos Ditis vacuas et inania regna. Ye subterraneous gods! whose awful sway The gliding ghofis, andfilent hades obey; O Chaos hoar! and Phlegethon profound! Whose solemn empire stretches wide around; Give me, ye great tremendous powers, to tell Of scenes and wonders in the depth of hell; Give me your mighty secrets to display From those black realms of darkness to the day. PITT. Obscure they went through dreary (hades that led Along the waste dominions of the dead. iy.de Nl... CT. S E C T VI V A S T EN E S S. GREATNESS * of dimension, is a powerful cause of the sublime . This is too evident, and the observation too common, to need any illustration; it is not so common, to confider in what ways greatness of dimension, vastness of extent, or quantity, has the most striking effect. For certainly, there are ways, and modes, wherein the same quantity of extension hall produce greater effects than it is found to do in others, Extension is either in length, height, or depth. Of these the length frikes least; an hundred yards of even ground will never work such an effect as a tower an hundred yards high, or a rock or mountain of that altitude. I am apt to imagine likewise, that height is less grand than depth; and that we are more struck at looking down from a precipice, than at looking up at an objec of equal height, but of that 1 am not very positive. A perpendicular has more force in forming the sublime , than an inclined plane; and the effeets of a rugged and broken surface seem stronger than where it is smooth and polifhi ed tj Part. g. f, 9, * edit would carry us out of our way to enter, in this place, into the cause of these appearances; but certain it is they afford a 'large and fruitful field of Speculation. h owever, it may not be amiss to add to these remarks upon magnitude, that, as the great extreme of dimension is sublime , io the last extreme of littleness is in some measure sublime likewise; when we attend to the infinite divisibility of matter, when we pursue animal life into these excessively finall, and yet organised beings, that escape the nicest inquisition of the sense, when we push our discoveries yet downward, and confider those crea turc:; so many degrees yet smaller, and the still diminifling