the impress: ion of fublimitv. It is to be remarked, however, that space, exte: dead in length, makes not so ft; ong an impression as * See a philosophical inquiry into the origin cos our 'dess of the fllbil,,; e anid beaurifui; dr. Gerard on taste , fedcio II elements of criticifin, chip IV Vol. I. G height or depth. Though a boundless plain be,. grand objee, yet a high mountain , to Which We: look up, or an awful precipice or totwer whence we look down on the objects that lie below, i still L ore so. The excessive grandeur of the irmaa ment arises from its height, joined to its boundless extent; and that of the ocean, not from its extent alone, but from the perpetual motion and irrefiftz able force of that mals of waters. Wherever space is concerned, it is clear, that amplitude or greatneis of extent, in one dimension or other, ig necessary to grandeur. f emove all bounds froid. any object, and you presently render it fublinme, ' Hence infinite space, endless numbers, and eternal duration, fill the mind with great ideas. From this some hax've imagined , thcat vairnefs, or amplitude of extent, is the foundation of all sublimity . But I cannot be of this opinion, because many objects appear sublime which have no relation to fjpace at all. Such, for iniance, is great' loudness of sound. 'The burfi of thunder or of can. non, the roaring of winds, the shouting of initi tudes, the ibu.nd of vatp catarat&s of water, are at inconteftibly grand objees.s. h I heard the voice óot a great multitutde, as thl sound of many waters, and of mighty thunderings , saying allel.ujah." In. genelral we may observe, that great po wer ana force exerted always raise fubliime ideas; and perhaps the mols copious .source of these is derived from this quarter. Hence the grandeur of earthquakes and burning mountains ; of great confia grations; of the fbormy ocean, and overflowing waters; of tempests of wvind; of thunder and L ig" nin; and of all the uncommon violence of the ele nmenrts. Nothing is miore iublime than nlighty poi er aid rcrength. A stream that runs .within iits banks, is a beautiful objea; but when it rlflies down with the imp.etuofl and noiie of a torrent, it prcfentiy becomes a sublime one. From lions,. and other animals of firength, are drawn sublime compariions in poets. A racehorse is looked upon with plea fare; but it is the war horie, ' whorfe neck is clothed with thunder ," that carries gran detir in its idea. The engagement of two great armies, as it is the highest exertion of human might, combines a variety of sources. of the sublime ; and has accordingly been always considered as one of the mofi fitiking and magnificent fpeiacles that can be either presented to the eye, or exhibited to the imagination in deficription, For the farther illuifration of this subjec, it is proper to remark, that all ideas of the iblein and awful kind and even bordering on the terribletyend greatly to ailift the luf>lime; iuch as darkness, soli -- tude, and silence. x1hat are the scenes of nature that elevate the mind in the highelr degree, and produce the sublime fcnsation? Not the gay landscape, the flowery field, or the fiouriihing city; but the hoary mountain , and the solitary lake; the aged forest, and the torrent falling over the rock. Hence too, nijht fcencs are commonly the most sublime .. The firmament when filled witlh iars, scattered in iich vast numbers, and with such magnlifice, - nrc. fusion, trikes the imagination with a more awful grandeur, than when we view it enlightened with all the ilendor of th' n. The deep sound of a great bell, or the fh iking of a great clock, are at any time grand; but, when heard amid the silence and ftillnels of the night, they become doubly o. Darkneis isvery commonly applied for adding sub linity to all our ideas of the Deity. " He maketh da knle his pavlidon; he dwe leeth in the thick cloud." So }miiton: -- -- ilow Cft, t: : lccha d^=.±':, dos heaven's all riu]sin Sire cioesi to reidle, Ills glory nobfc.c 'd C L Vith L tihe Inaiely of da.. Circles list' -- r,. ......, r3 t a: O il e _ ~, : I ' ~1 2 d Observe, with how much art Virgil has introduced all those ideas of silence, vacuity, and darkulles vwhen he is going to introduce his hero to the in. fernal regions, and to diiclofe the secrets of the great deep. Dii quibus imperium eft animarumn, imbrabque silentes,. Et chaos, et Phlegethon, loca note filentia late Sit mihi fas aucita lcqui; sit nunmine veitro Pandere res alta terra, et calligine merfas. Ibant obfuiri, fbla fib noate, per umbram, Perque domos Diris vacuas, et inania regna; Quale per incertam lunam, fiib luce mialigna Eft iter in fylvis - .-. These patages I quote at present, not so much as. instances of sublime writing, though in themselves. they truly are so, as to show, by the effect of them, that the objects which they present to us, belong. to the class of sublime ones. Obscurity , we are farther to remark, is not unfavourable to the sublime . Though it render the, object indiftin&, the impression, however, may be great; for, as an ingenious author has well observed, it is one thing to make an idea clear, and another to make it asseting to the imagination ; and, the irnagination may be strongly affected, and, in; sat, often is Ib, by objects of which we have no, clear conception. Thus we see, that almof: all the' r Ye subterranean gods, whlofe awful sway The gliding ghofls and tilent ihades obey; 0 chaos hear! and Phlegethon profound! Whose solemn empire stretches wide around! Give me, ye great tremendous powers, to tell! Of fceces and wonders in the depths of hell Give me your mighty secrets to display,