IV ocean, not from its extent alone, but from the perpetual motion aid irresistible force of that mass of waters. Wherever space is concerned, it is clear, that amplitude or greatness of extent, in one dimension or other, is necessary to Grandeur. Remove all boteds from any objec, amd you prerently render it sublime . Hence infinite space, endless anumbers, and eternal durationr fill the mind with great Fdeas,. From this some have imagined , that vastness , or amplitude of extent, is the foundation of all Sublimity . But I cannot be of this opinion, because many objets appear. fubltime w; hich have no relation to space at all. Such for inrance, is great loudness of sound. The burst of thunder or of cannon, the roaring of winds, the shouting of muttitudes, the sound of vast catarads of water, are all incontefrably grand objects "' I heard the voice of a great mutitlhde, as the sound of " many waters, and of mighty thunderings , saying Allelu 'i jah. In general we may observe, that great power and force exerted, always raise sublime ideas: and perhaps the mpoft copious source of these is derived from this quarter. Htence the grandeur of earthquakes and burning mountains ; of great conflagrations; of the {tormy ocean, and overflowing waters; of tempeets of wind; of thunder and lightning; and of all the uncommon violence of the elements. Nothing is more sublime than mighty power and strength. A stream that runs within its banks, is a beautiful objec; but when it ruihes down with the impetuosity and noise of a torrent, it presently becomes a sublime one. From lions, and other animals of strength, are drawn sublime comparisons in poets. A race horse is looked upon with pleasure; but it is the warhorse, C whose neck is clothed with thundlr," that carries grandeur in its idea. The engagement of two great armies, as it is the highest exertion of human might, combines a variety of fouices of the Sublime ; and has accordingly been 'lways considered as one of the most striking and magnificent fpeeacles that can be either presented to the eye, or exhibited to the imagination in description. For the farther illustration of this subjet, it is proper to remark, that all ideas of the solemn and awful kind, and even bordering on the terrible, tend greatly to assist the Sublime ; such as darki£efs, solitude, and silence. What are the fcencs of nature that elevate the mind in the highest degree, and produce the sublime sensation? Not the gay landscape, escape, the flowery field, or the flourishing city; but the hoary mountain , and the solitary lake; the aged forest, and the torrent falling over the rock. Hence too, night fcenes are commonly the most sublime . The firmament when filled with stars, scattered in such vast numbers, and with such magnificent profusion, strikes the imagination with a more awful grandeur, than when we view it enlightened by all the splendour of the Sun. The deep sound of a great bell, or the striking of a great clock, are at any time grand; but, when heard amid the silence and stillness of the night, they become doubly so. Darkness is very commonly applied for adding sublimity to all our ideas of the Deity. "He maketh darkness "his pavilion; he dwelleth in the thick cloud." So Milton How oft, amidit Thick clouds and dark, does Heaven's all ruling Sire Choose to reside, his glory unobfcur'd, And, with the Majeity of darkness, round Circles his throne BOOK II 263. Observe, with how much art Virgil has introduced all those ideas of silence, vacuity, and darkness, when he is going to introduce his Hero to the infernal regions, and to disclose the secrets of the great deep. Dii quibus imperium eft animarum, umbraque silentes, Et Chaos, et Phlegethon, loca nodte filentia lath, Sit mihi fas audita loqui; sit numine veftro Pandere res alta terra, & caligine merfas. Ibant obfcuri, sola sub node, per umbram, Perque domos Ditis vacuos, et inania regna; Quale per incertam lunam, sub luce maligna Eft iter in fylvis -- -. These passages I quote at present, not so much as instances of Sublime Writing, though in themselves they truly are so, as to show, by the effect of them, that the objects which they present to us, belong to the tlafs of sublime ones. D 2 Obscurity , * Ye fubterrant an Gods, whose awful sway The gliding gholts and silent fhadcs obey; O Chaos, hear! and Phlegethon profound! Whole solemn empire firetches wide around! Give me, ye great tremendous powers! to tell Of fcencs and wonders in the depths of Hell Give me your mighty secrets to difilay, From thole black realms of darkness to the day. Pi T. Obfcare they went; through dreary shades, that led Along the waste dominions of the dead; As wander travellers in woods by night, By the moon's doubtful and malignant light. drydgbs Obscurity , we are farther to remark, is not unfavourable to the Sublime . Though it render the object indiftint, the im preilion, however, maybe great; for as an ingenious Author has well observed, it is one thing to make an idea clear, and another to make it affecting to the imagination ; and the imagination may be itro.ngly affeede; and, in fact, often is so, by objecs of which'we have no clear conception. Thus we see, that almost all the descriptions given us of the appearances of supernatural !beings, carry. some Sublimity , though the conceptions which they afford us be confused and indiftint. Their Sublimity arises fro'6n the ideas, which they always convey, of superior power and might, joined with an awful obscurity . We may see this fully exemplified in the following noble passage of the book of Job.. " In thoughts from " the virions of the night, when deep sleep falleth ipon'men, " fear came upon me, : anid trembling, which.made all my bones to fiake. Then a spirit passed before my.face; the " hair of my flesh food up: it