attempted to be beautified but it is, in truth, weakened. The third line" The stamp C of fate, and fantion of a God," is merely expletive; and introduced for no other reason but to fill up the rhyme; for it interrupts the description, and clogs the image. For the same reason, out of mere compliance with the rhyme, Jupiter is represented as ihaking his locks before he gives the nod, - S' Shakes his ambrosial curls and gives the nod," which is trifling, and without meaning. Whereas, in the original, the hair of his head shaken, is the effet of his nod, and makes a happy piaurefque circumstance in the description. The boldn'es, freedom, and variety of our blank verse, is infinitely more favourable than rhyme, to all kinds of Sublime poetry. The fullest proof of this is afforded by Milton; an author, whose genius led him eminently to the Sublime . The whole first and second books of Paradise Lost, are continued instances of it. Take only, for an example, the following noted description of Satan, after his fall, appearing at the head of the infernal hosts: He, above the rest, In shape and gesture proudly eminent, Stood like a tower: his form had not yet lost All her original brightness, nor appeared Less than archangel ruined ; and the excess Of glory obscured : As when the fun, new risen, VOL. I. E Looks * Sre Webb on the Beauties of Poetry. Looks through the horizontal misty air, Shorn of his beams; or, from behind, the moon, In dim eclipse, dcifaftrous twilight theds On half the nations, and with fear of change Perplexes monarchs. Darkened so, yet hone Above them all th' Archangel. -- Here concur a variety of sources of the Sublime : The principal object eminently great; a high superior nature, fallen indeed, but ereaing itself against distress; the grandeur of the principal objet heightened, by associating it with so noble an idea as that of the fun suffering an eclipse; this picture shaded with all those images of change and trouble, of darkness and terror , which coincide so finely with the Sublime emotion; and the whole expressed in a style and verlification, easy, natural, ' and simple, but magnificent. I have spoken of simplicity and eancrifenefs, as essential to Sublime Writing. In my general description of it, I mentioned Strength, as another necessary requisite. 'lihe Stiength ' of description arises, in a great measure, from a simple conciseness; but, it supposes also something more; namely, a proper choice of circumstances in the description, so as to exhibit the objet in its full and most striking point of view. For every objet has several faces, so to speak, by which it may be presented to us, according to the circumstances with which we surround it; and it will appear eminently Sublime , or not, in proportion as all. these circumstances are happily cho sen, and of a Sublime kind. .Here lies the great art of the writer; and indeed, the great difficulty of Sublime description. If the clefcription be too general, and divested of circumstances, the object appears in a faint light; it makes a feceble impression, or no impression at all, on the reader. At the same time, if aly trivial or improper circumstances are mingled, the whokle is degraded. A storm or tempest , for inftalnce, rs a Sublime objet in nature. But, to render it Sublime in description, it is not enough, either to give us mere general expressions concerning the violence of the tempest , or to describe its common, vulgar effects, in overllrowiig trees and houses. It must be painted with such circumstances as lill the mind with great and awful ideas. This is rerr happily done by Virgil, in the following passage: f p.s.. Ipse Pater, media nimtborurn in nodte, dorutfc Fulmina molitur dextr; quo maxima motu Terra tremitr; fugere ferae; & imortalia corda, Per gentes humilis ftravit pavor Ille,. flagranti Aut Atho, aut Rhodopen, aut alta Ceraunia telo Dejicit. -- GEORG. I. Every circumstance in this noble defcriptibn is the production of an imagination heated and astonished with the gran. deur of the object. If there be any defer, it is in the words immediately following those .I have quoted: " Ingeminant Auftri, et denfiffimus imber; " where the transition is made too hastily, I ain afraid, from the' preceding Sublime images, to a thick shower, aid the blowing of the south wind; and shows how difficult it frequently is, to descend with grace, without seeming to fall. The high importance of the rule which I have been now giving, concerning the proper choice of circumstances, when' description is meant to be Sublime , seems to me not to have been sufficiently attended to. It has,. however, such a foundation in nature, as renders the least deflexion from it fatal.' When a writer is aiming at the beautiful only, his descriptions may have improprieties in them, and yet be beautiful' still. Some trivial, or misjudged circumstances, can be overlooked by the reader; they make only the difference of more or less; the gay, or pleasing emotion, which he has raised, subsists still. But the cafe is quite different with the Sublime . There, one trifling circumstance, one mean idea, is sufficient to destroy the whole charm. This is owing to the nature of the emotion aimed at by Sublime description, which admits of no mediocrity, and cannot subsist in a middle state; but e a must * The Father of the Gods his glory shrouds, Involved in tecnpeits, and a night of clouds And from the middle darkness flalhing out By fits he deals his fiery bolts about. Earth feels the motions of her angry God, Her entrails tremble, and her mountains no",. And flying bcails in foreits leek abode. Deep horror fcizes every human breall Their pride is humbled, and their fears conset; While he, from high'his rolling thunders throws, And fires the mountains with repeated blows; The rocks are from their old foundations rent; The winds