fhewi the importance of those requisites which have ju~it been mentioned. It is chiefly amo~ngit the moss ancient authors that we are to look for the most firiking instances of the Aub lime. The early ages of the world, and the rude uncultivated slate of society, · appear to have been peculiarly favourable to the fkrong emotioi~s of fablimity. The genius of mankind was then very prone to. admiration and aftoniihment. m~eetirit continually with new and firange objea ~s~thei~r imagination was kept glowing, and their' ybali ons were often raffe~d to trh~e utmolb. They thought, and expressed themselves boldly, and without re firaint. In the progress of fbciety, the genius and manners of men have undergone a chlange more favourable to E my pleasure; even, saying to Jeru. ra salem, thou shalt be built; - and to c1 the Temple, rhy fouandation Thall cr be laid." Hlomer has, in all ages, been uni· yrerfally admired for sublimity ;; he is indc'ited for much of his grandeur to that native and unaffeated simplicity w hich charaaterizes his manner. His deferiptions of confliating armies; the Epirit, the fire, the rapidity which he throws into his battles, present to every reader of the Iliad freq ue nt i n tances p.s. fcuelime writing. The mrajefty of his wvarlike scenes are often heightened, in a high degree by the introdulopn of the Gods. In the twentieth book, wrhere all there superior beings ta~e part in the engagement, according as' they severally favour either the Grecians or the Trojans, the poet'appears to put forth one of his highest e~gorts; and the defeription rises into the moa awful magnificence. All nature ~emem to be in commotion. Jupiter thunders through the sky; neptune smites the earth w~uith his trident; the ships, the city and the mountains tremble; the earth thakes to its centre; Pluto leaps from his throne, fearing, lead the secrets of the infernal regions should be laid open to the view of mortals. We fballtranferibe Mr. Pope's translation of this passage; wihich, though perhaps inferior to the originalis yd highly animated and fabbimne. But when the Powers defeending Itwell'd the sight, Then tumult role, fierce rage, and pale affright : Now through' the trembling thores Mlinerva calls, And now the thunders ·froma the ~ grecian· walls;. ivmars, hovering over his 'p~roy, his terror throuds In gloomzy tempeits, and a night of clouds; Nqrow through' each Trojan heart he fury pours With voice divine, · fromr Ilion's topmoff towers;; Above, the Sire of gods his thru~ner rolls, And peals on peals redoubled rend·i the poles; Beneath, itern Neptune shakes the solid ground, Thie forests wave, the mountains nod around; Through' all her summits tremble Ida's woods, 1'pnd f~roax their sources boil her hundred floods; ~ Troy's sturrets totter onl the rocking plain, and the tossed naavies beat the heaving main; Deep in the dismal region of the dead, The infernal Monarch reared his horrid: head, Leafpt from this throne, left nceptune's arm ihoulld lay His dark dominions open to the day And pour in light on Pluto's drear abodes, Abohor'd by men, and dlreadfiul even toz Gods i Such wars the Immortals wage; such horrors rend The world's vast concave, when the Gods contend. concif~ener~s and Iimplicity will ever be found es Tential to fu~blimne writing. Simplicity is properly opposed to hts diled and profuse ornament; and con ciiftenef to superfluous expression. It will easily appear, whny a defea either ino conciseness or in iimplicity is peculiarly hurtful to the faiblime. The emotion excited in the mind by some great or noble objeat, raises it considerably aibove its comn~ion pitch. Ai species of enthufaiam is produced, extremely pleasing while it lasts; but from which the' mind is tending every moment to link into its ordinary slate. wvhen an author, theref'or d, has brought us, or · is enideavouring to bring us into this Rate, if he multipllies weords unnece~ Sarily, if he deckfs the fitblime, 0pbjet, ch all sides, with glittering.ornaments; nay, if he throws in any one decoration which falls iri the least below the : principal imlage, that Mioment he ch~janges the key; he relaxes the tension of the mind; the firength of the feeling is e~nxalculated; the Beautiful may remain, but the Sublime is no more hlomer defeription of the nod of Jupiter, as fhiaking the heavens, has been.admired, in all ages, as excessively sublime . Literally translated, it: runs thus : ' He spoke,, and bending his ds sable brows, gave the awful nod; " while he shook the celestial locks of '* his immortal head, all Olympus was "' Thaken." 1vir, ]Pope translates. itl a" thus : He ipqke; andt awful ' bends his sable brows, Shakes his amibrofial curls, and gives the nod, The stamp of' fate, and f~an~fion of a god : High heaven, wvith trembling, the dread signal took,. Adall olympus to its centre shook The image. is expanded, and attempted to be beautified; but, in reality, it is weakened. There third line - " stamp of fate,, andt iandtion of " a God," is entirely expletive, and introduced only to fill up. the rhyme; for it interrupts the defecription, and clogs the image. For the same reason, Jalpit'er is represented as. thaking his locks before he gives there nod : "Shakes "( his ambrorial curls, and gives the L nod 3" which is trifling and infig. p ificant : whereas, in the original, the hair of his head shaken is the confe., quence of his nod, and makes a happy piaureihue circunitilnce in the description. The boldness, freedom, and variety of our blank verse, is infinitely morl propitious than rhyme, to all kinds of fiiblime poetry. The fullest evidence: of this is afforded by Milton; an author wnhol~e genius led him peculiarly to the sublime . The whole first and second books of paradise Lost are con. tinued examples of it. Take only, for instance, the following noted de ifcription of Satan, after his fall, appearing at. the head of his