but they are Rfamped with a majesty, that bestows on them a different air and character from those passions on any other occasion. In the sublime we feel ourselves alarmed, our motions are suspended. and we remain for some time until the emotion tion wears off, wrapped in silence and inquisitive horror . The combination of passions in the sublime , renders the idea of it obscure . No doubt the sensation of fear is very distinct in it; but it is equally obvious, that there is something in the sublime more than this abject passion. In all other terrors the soul loses its dignity, and as it were shrinks below its usual size: but at the presence of the sublime , although it be always awful . the soul of man seems to be raised out of a trance; it assumes an unknown grandeur; it is seized with a new appetite, that in a moment effaces its former little profpeas and desires; it is rapt out of the sight and consideration of this diminutive world, into a kind of gigantic creation, where it finds room to dilate itself to a size agreeable to its present nature and grandeur : it overlooks the Appenines, and the the clouds upon them, and sees nothing in view around it but irnmemlef objcl,. In the poets language it flfei, it fbars, it pursues a be -- in the madnets of rapture, that words: : description cannot contain; and if th e. expressions be extravagant and improper in the ordinary commerce of life, they yet exastly describe the intellectual and real tfate of the mind at the presence of the sublime . The sublime enters into the principles of tafle with such distinction, and rules the human spirit with such absolute sovereignty, that I would fain discover the origin and nature of its power; but fate seems to have covered it over with mystery, the greatest writers have either stopped short, or failed in the attempt, and I am safe enough although I turn aside, and leave it in the sacred obscurity in which it has so long been veiled: however, I may, by an hypothesis, pothefis, attempt to give you an intelligible idea of the manner in which it as seats us: I have a licence from cuftorm for doing so; for I must inform you, that modern philosophers often take the liberty of forming systems merely for the sake of illuifration, and to resolve difficulties, without thinking themselves obliged to give a demonstration of the truth of their system. If it tends to make that conceivable which was before inconceivable; the inventors suppose that they have done some service to science. The system I am going to lay before you, is that of a friend of mine, who was a true lover of knowledge. He found little fatisfation in the philosophy of colleges and schools, particularly in those inquiries he thought of most importance : he had withdrawn himself from the trifling bustle of the little world, to converse F with with his own heart, and end a stormy life in obscure quiet. One day after dinner, we walked out to indulge on our favourite topics. Our excursion terminated at a rock, whose base is washed by the Western Ocean. It was one ofthofe fine days in August, when the cool of the evening brought on a refreshing sweetness. We sat down to rest, and enjoy the prospect of the sea, that stretched before us beyond the limits of the eye. The fun was just setting, and his last softened beams flying to the shore, seemed to dip in a thousand waves, and leave in the waters the blaze they lost. We had been reading Homer on our way to the seaside. When we sat down, our conversation turned on the strange power of the sublime . It is easy, says the thoughtful philosopher, to describe the impressions the sublime makes on the mind, and this is all the writers on this fubjeat have hithert< hitherto done with any success; but is it impoilible, from a due attention to the; symptoms, to unravel its meaning, and discover the spring of the silent and inquisitive astonishment it impresses on the spirit of man? I am sensible ajufft explication or the sublime must account for all its effecs, as well for the noble elevation and the charming rapture, as for the terror it bestows. If I can produce a. cause that accounts sufficiently for all the | symptoms, and no other can be given, then mine ought by all rules of good | reasoning to be admitted for the true one, J; however novel it appears. : iin order to proceed to the discovery we desire to make, let us turn our views h to objeas remarkably sublime , and from them obtain what intelligence we can. sobferve this mountain that rises so high ion the left; if we had been farther re | from it, you might see behind it || F z other "'t other mountains rising in strange confusion, the farthest off almost lost in the difiance, yet great in the obscurity , your imagination labours to travel over them, and, the inhabitants seem to reside in a superior world. But here you have a different profpe6c; the next mountain covers all the rest from your' view, and by its nearer approach, presents diftintdly to your eye objects of new admiration. The rocks on its sides meet the clouds in vast irregularity; the pensive eye traces the rugged precipice down to the bottom, and surveys there the mighty ruins that time has mouldered and tumbled below. It is easy in this instance to discover that we are terrified and silenced into awe , at the vestiges we see of immense power; and the more manifest are the appearances of disorder, and the neglea of contrivance, the more plainly we feel the boundless might these rude monuments are owing to. But beside sides this silent fear, we feel our curiosity roused from