be greatly improve and cultivated by art and Jfudy, but by them alone it cannot be acquiredt.as(i.t is a higher faculty than taste ) it is ever, according to the common frugality of nature, more limited in the sphere of it. operations. (There are persons, not unfrequenti to be met with, who have an excellent taste several of the polite arts; such as music, po painting, and eloquence, altogether : but cellent execution in all thefearts is very found in any individual; or rather, indeed, is not to be looked for.) An universal genius , or one who is equally and indifferently inclined towards several different professions and arts, is not likely to excel in any. Although there may be fbme few exceptions, yet in general it is true, that when the bent of the mind is wholly direced towards some one objeat, exclusively, as it were, of others, there is the faires! prospect of eminence in that, whatever it may be, Extreme heat can be produced only when the rays converge to a single point.; Young people are highly interested in this remark; since it may teach them to examine with care, and to pursue with ardour, that path which nature has marked iout for their peculiar exertions. The nature of taste , the importance of criti cifin, and the diflincion, between taste and genius being thus explained; the sources of the pleafhres of taste shall next be considered. Here a very extensive field is opened; no less than all the pleasures of the imagination , as they are generally called, whether afforded us by natural objeets, or by imitations and descriptions of them. It is not, however, necessary to the purpose of the present work, that all of them should be examined fully; the pleaifre which e receive from discourse, or writing, being the rincipal objet of them. Our design is, to e some openings into the pleasures of taste h"neral; and to insist, more particularly, up blimity and beauty.) g et, we are far from having attained to any fncernirg this fubjecq. A regular in quiry into it was first attempted by vr. Addi foniin his Essay on the Pleasures of the Imagination . By him' these pleasures are reduced under three heads : (Beauty, Grandeur, and Novelty.) His speculations on this fubje8t, if not remarikably profound, are, however, very beautiful and entertaining; and he has the merit of having discovered a track which was before untrod. Since his time, the advances which have been made in this part of philosophical criticism (are rnt esonfiderable } which is owing, doubtless, 'io that thinnefls and fubtility, which are discovered to be properties of all the feelings of taste . (It is)difficult to define all those which have been discovered, and to range them under proper classes; and when we would proceed farther, and inveftigatethe efficient causes of the pleasure which we receive from sich objectas, heirc we find ourselves at the greatest loss. For example; we all learn by experience, that fbme figures of bodies appear to us more beautiful than others; on farther inquiry, we discover that the regularity of ifome figures, and the graceful variety of others, are the foundation of the beauty which we discern in them: But when we endeavour to go a fltecp beyond this, and inquire whiat is the cause of regularityv and variety producing in our minds the fenfiiuon of beauty, any reason we can produce is extremely imperfect. Thoae sirs principles of internal sensation, na ir e appears to have iludioully concealed. It is some con{bfolation, however, that, al thouglh the eflicient cave be ( obscure ) the final caul of those sensations lies commonly more open: and here we must observe, the frong impression which the powers of taste and imagination are calculated to give us of the benevolence of our creator.t By these endowments, he hath widely enlarged the sphere of the pleasures of human life; and those, too, of a kind the mofi pure and innocent. The necessary purposes of life might have been amply answered, though our senses of feeing and hearing had only served to distinguish external objecas, without giving us any of those refined and delicate sensations of beauty and grandeur, with which we are now so much delighted. The pleasure which arises from fubbliity or grandeur deserves to be fully considered 'because it has a character more precise and difbi'&t ly marked, than any other of the pleasures of the imagination ; and because it coincides more directly with our main subject.) The fimplefl form of external grandeur is feenjni the vast and boundless profpe!s presented to us by nature' such as wide extended plains, to which the eye can find no limits; the firmament of heaven; or the boundless expanse of the ocean. All varfnefs produces an idea of ublim; ity.) Space, however extended in length, makes not to firong an imprelion as height or depih.) (Though a bouncilefs plain be a grand obje'~, yet a lofty mountain , to which we look up, or an awful precipice or tower, whence we look down en the objects below, is Rill more so. The x cc.ffve grandeur of. the firmament arises rom its height, added to its boundless extent) and that of the oceannot from its extent alone, but from the continual motion and irresistible impetuosity of that mass of waters.) Wherever space is concerned, it is evident, that(amplitude or greatness of extent,) in one dimen'ton or other, is inseparable from grandeur.( Take away all bounds from any objet, and you immediately render it sublime ) Hence infinite Ipace, endless numbers, and everlasting duration, fill the mind with great ideas.) The mos copious source of sublime ideas seems to be derived/rom the exertion of great power and force.'. Hence the grandeur of earthquakes and burning mountains ; of great conflagrations; of the boiflerous ocean; of the tempestuous storm;; thunder and lightning; and of all the unusual violence of the elements. A stream "which glides along gently within its banks is a' beautiful obje;., but when