univerfil genius , or one who is equallly and indifferently turned towards several different profeflizons and arts, is not likely to exicel in any. Although there may be some few exceptions, yet: in grener~al it holds, that when the bent of the mind is wholly dire~ted towards someone ob~jela, exclusively, in a manner, of others, there is the fairest p~rofpeat of eminence in that, whatever it be. The rays must converge chdre to make, on account of its jgreat importance to youngs people; itz leading them to ex amine wvith care, and to pursue with ardlour, the current and pointing of nature towards those exertions of genius irn which they are most: likely to exyce. "I A genius for any of the fine arts, as I have before observed, always fuppoies taste ; and it is clear, that the improvement of tasse will serve both to forward and to correcn the operations of genius . In proportion as the taste of a poet, or orator, becomes more refinled with r·efpea to the beauties of compoi tion, it will certainly afift him to produce the more finished beauties in his work. Genius , however, in a poet or orator, may sometimes exist in a higher degree than taste ; that is, genius may be bold and 11rong, when tasse is neither very delicate, nor very correcc. quently exerts itself with great vigour, and executes with much warmth; while taste , which re, quires experience, and improves by slower degrees, hath not yet at, tained its full growth. homer and shakf~peare are proofs of what I now assert; in whofce admirable wvrits are found instances of, rudeness and indelicacyi, which the more refined taste of later writers, who had far inferior genius to them, would have taught: them to avoid. As all hu. rnan perfe~tioin is limited, this may vsery probabl.ly be the law of our nature, that it is not given to one man to ex ecute with vigour and fire, and, at the same time, to attend to all the lesser and more refined graces that belong to the exa61 perfection of hisi work : while, on the othier hand, a thorough tasse for thofie inlferior graces, is, for the most part, accompanied wjith a dimninution of sublimity and force." ON SUBLIMITY IN OBJECTS, AS a4 SOULRCE PLEASURES OF TASTE . (From the same wgsork.] 's T is not: easy to deferibe, in words, the precise impression which great and sublime objets make upon us, when we behold them; but: every one has a conception of it. It: consists in a kindof admiration and expansion of the mind; it raises the mind much above its ordinary ilate; and fills it w~cith a degree of wonder and allo nifhrpent, which it cannot well ex prers. 'The emotion is certainlly delightful; but it is altogether of the serious kiind: r a degree of awfblhwfs and solemnity, even appr oaching to severity, commonly attends it when at its height; very difitin guifhlable from the mnore gay and brisk emotion raised by beautiful objeacs. "' The simplest form of external grandeur appears in the vast and boundless profpears presented to us by nature; such as wide extended p lains, to which the eye can itee no limits; the firmament of heaven; or the boundless expanse of the ocean. All vatinefs produces the jmpr~emon OF THE inspreflion of sublimity . Iti; s to be remnarked, however, that pace, extended in length, maktes not so strong an imprefilon as height or depth. Though a boundlefis plain be a grand objea, yet a higrh mountain , to which we look up, or an awfurl precipice or tower whence we look down on the objects which lie below, is still more so. The excessive grandeur of the firmament arises from its height, joined to its boundless extent; and that of the ocean, not from its ex tent alone, but from the perpetual motion and irrefifitible force of that mass of waters. wtherever ipace is concerned, it is clear, that amplitude or greatuefs of extent, in one dimediion or others neceitr~y to grandeur. Reniove all bounds from any objeat, and you presently render it fablime. Henlce infinite space, endless numbers, and eternal duration, fill the mind with great ideas. "' Fronm this some have imagined , that raifners, or amplitude of extent, is the foundation of: all fubli whty. But I cannot be of this opi mion, because many objeats appear ~thblime which have no relation to space at all. Such, for instance, is great loutdnefs of sound. The burst of thunder or of cannon, the roar mng of winds, the th~outing of mnul. titudes, the sound of vast cataracds of water, are all inconteffibly grand chjects. "( I heard the voice of a great multitude, as the sound of many waters, and of mighty thun derings, saying Allelujah." In general wve may observe, that great powyer and fore exerted, always raise fuiblime ideas i and perhaps the mos copious foulrce of these is derived from this qluarter. Hence the grandeur of earthqjuakes and burn sqg mountains ; of great conflagrations; of the ftermy ocean, and ever flowing waters; of tempests of wind; of thunder and lightning; and of all the uncommon violence: of the elements. Nothing is rnore sublime than mighty powver and firength. A fiream that runs withitr its banks, is a beautiful objela; but when it rushes down with the impetuosity and noise of a torrent, it prefectly becomes a sublime one. Froin lions, and other animals of firength, are drawn sublime comparisons in poets. A race horse is lookecd upon with pleairrle; but it is the warhorse"' "' neck is clothed with thunder ," that carries grandeur in its idea. The engagement of twso great armies, as it is the hig hest exertion of human might, combines a variety of sources of the sublime ;; has accordingly been always confidereed as one of the moss striking and magnificent fipec tacles that canl be either presented to the eye, or exhibited? to the imagination in defeription. "' For the