nature of Tafle, the Principles of it, as the door well ob res are universal, and deeply founded in the human mind, though extremely dif trent in degree in different then. Here the differerice is so great as to support our author in the opinion, " that there is per naps no one particular in which men are so far removed from each iohei, as in re, fpe& of the powers and the pleasures of Tale." For this difference, he is decidedly of opiriion, that no other general cause can 'be alligned, but culture and educaiioni Frotn this part of his fubjec, the 'Doctor panfes on, by a natural iranfiiorn, to flhew what the means are LIV which Tafie becomes so remarkably ful'ceptible of cultivation and progress." There are exer cie, reason, and a good heart, or a mind delicately sensible to moral differences, and. particularly the beauty of virtue. From these sources of improvement, our author proceeds, in a very natural order, to examine the characters of Tafle in its mofl perse flute. These he reduces to two, delicacy and corrccnels, and deferibes and exemplifies them with perseet precision. Having viewed Tafle in its most i~prdv -- ed and perfea slate, he considers, its deuvi arions from that flare, and proceeds to investigate the ifandard oftaate, which is; : in thingelfe than the concurring rentiments of mankind: For there are beauties of comri position, " which, if they be difplaied in a proper light, have power to command la.. and general admiration. Tn every comrn position, what intere s the inmagina: tion, and touches the heart, pleases all ages and all nations. There is a certain firing, which, being properly struck, the human heart is so made as to anliver it The thuid leture Lcts out with a de, finition, or rather delfription, of Criticirfn and g.nius, words currently employed, with; cut diflina ideas annexed to them. Having discoursed concerning the origin,, office and importance of Criticimin, and oul the diflinlion between Tallte and Genius , he considers the sources of the pleasures of Tafle, but infils more particularly upon Sublimity and Beauty. This is. te mot curious part of his comprehensive lhnbje9l, and that on, which a philosophical mind chiefly delights to dwell. But concerning this lfubject, the Docor justly obfirves that E. we we are far from having yet attained to any system. He gives a short Iketch of the liflory of this curious part of philosophical criticism, but concludes that the first principles of Taste , or, as he here expresses himself, of internal fenauion, " Nature seems to have covered with an impenetrable veil." He makes a flhort digress fioon n thelinal cause of Tatfe, and proceeds to confider the pleature which arises from Sublimity or Grandeur. This, he jufly observes, has a character more pre dise and diflinacly marked than any other of the pleasures of the imagination . For the greater diflinanefs, he first treats of the grandeur or sublimity of external ob jefls thernfclves. The impression which great and sublime objcas make. upon us, when we behold them, he de.cribes as follows.: " It conffils in a kind of adnmiration and expansion of the mind; it raises the mind much above its ordinary slate; and fills it with a degree of wonder and astonishment , which it cannot well exprefis. The emotion is certainly dclightful; but it is altogether of the serious kind: a degree of awful : efs and folemnnity, even approaching to severity, cominonly attends it when at its height; very dillinguilhable from the more gay and Iris emotion raised by beautiful ofijeis." With regard to the erx:, fjn of the mind, it is'difficult to fonim any precise idea of it: and if it were a matter of the iinofllperfel cafe, the qlueflon wouldl re rur, Why does cxpanfior ulcafer Our author observes, tlat the in: pfcflion of.suib liinity is produced by amplitude, or, afl ness, but'th it Space, extended in leng: : h, inakes not so t rong an imnprcmon as height or depth. This is a circumstance, a; di ocens a very curious field of speculatio: n. Into this the Dofior was not led to cner.. He therefore goes on to observe, that vao Iefs or amplitude of extent is not, as hadi been imagined b" fomne, lth fouid: : lion of all ftblimity. ihe observes that greatl power and force.xerted; always raifc ui; --, lime ideas : and he adds, " Hence the grandeur of earthquakes and burning mountains ; ofgrcat conflagrations; of the flordi ocean and overflowing waters; oftemptfl of wind; of thunder and lightning; and of all the uncommon violence of the elements. Nothing is more fuiblime than nmightv power and strength. A stream that runs within its banks, is a beautiful objea;! but when it ruthes down witd the impetuosity and noise of a torrent, it presently becomes a fiblime one. From lions, and other animals of strength, are drawn full. lime comparfons in poets. A race hotft is looked upon with pleasure; but it is ti warhorse' -' neck is clothed with thunder ," that carries grandeur in its idea. The engagement of two great armies, a; it is the highcif exertion of human might, combines a variety of sources of the Sui lime; aind has accordingly been alwap considered as one of the molk friking and magnificent fpceacles that can be eithe prei'ented to the eye, or exhibited to th imagination in description." Obscurity also, he remarks, is favourabl to the Sublime , as also certain degree of wildness and conftunon, which indeed art near akin to Qbfcurity. This judicid6i and comprehenfivc writer mentions yt another clali of sublime objects, what inn be called thie moral or fentirnmental Sui lime, which comes under the name of Magnanimitry oi Heroism. Having ehn. merated; a vartiety of insitances, both in i. *ilimate ohjita and in human life, wheit in tie Subluime appears, he examines LI quefiio r, " whether we are able to dist. ver fi'me one fundaimental quality in whid; iil