them from impending death, when the house again began to totter. I saw the apartment fall that held the precious babes, and heard their cries as they were crushed beneath the ruins . At that moment, my son, who had born his wife to an open field, returned, and carried me through the falling fabric, which noded horror horror on every fide, to the same place of comparative safety. "Two hours of such tremendous threateliings from gleaming meteors, bursts of thunder , and contortions of the earth, as could hardly be supported by human nature, we passed sitting on the ground, expceting every moment it would open and swallow us, when at length nature became more compored; the dark missis which had obscured the face of heaven began to dissipate, and the setting fun darted his watery beams across .the harbour. What then were our sensations, when, added to our terror at feeing the whole face of the country a universal wreck, we beheld the harbour empty, not one vefl'l to be seen? Columbus had gone on board that afternoon, to give rome orders preparatory to our departure for Hispaniola, and we imagined that the hurricane attendant on the earthquake, had buried him and his companions in the waves. We cast our eyes towards the place where lately flood the tents and dwellings of our friends and affociates nor tent, nor dwelling appeared; all was silence, all was desolation. A vast cavity was seen where once the dwellings were, through which impetuously rushed a foaming torrent, which, as it roared along, bore on its surface trees, shrubs, ruins ) and and bodies of wild beasts which had perished in the tetnpcet. "Oh what a night of agony we pad! Yet this rude shock had not affectfd universal nature: the dcws fell as kindly, the zephyrs blowed as refreshing, and the fun arose with as much splendour, .as though the night had passed in its usual tranquillity: and why not? the whole world is but an atom floating in infinite space, and we who crawl on its furs: ce but as cmmets, thousands of which might be accidentally cruflicd beneath the foot of the palfengcr, without deranging in the least the beauty, order, and symmetry of the universal whole. C When we beheld the desolation which spread far and wide on every fide, despair had nearly seized our minds; but as the morning advanced, we descried four of our vcflils coming with a gentle breeze into the harbour. Columbus landed, and our meeting was speechless ecstasy. C From the devastation of the night, about forty souls had escaped, and these entreated to be allowed to embark and quit the coast immediately. Columbus having aflcnted to their request, and had us conveyed on board his own thip, put immediately to sea. He then informed us; that hearing the hurricane roar before it came upon him, he cut the the cables of his ship, and ordering the sails to be looscd, prepared to put before it, which ever way it flould drive, as the only hope of saving his vcf fcl; several others followed his example; and providentially the tempest bore directly out of the harbour. Those who caught the first moment to put to sea were saved; three ships remained in port, and were swallowed in the general ruin . "Garcias and his whole party were in this dreadful night hurried out of time into eternity. Of all the Princess Orrabclla's attendants, only Cora and her mother were saved. Poor Alzira, with the virtuous Peruvian maid who saved us from the vile ichelces of the Castilians, were buried in the ruins of the palace. "On our arrival in Hispaniola, Columbus showed his commission and authority to displace goldan and his officers, and to take upon himself the reins of government. The natives, and indeed the inhabitants in general, received him with acclamations of joy, and followed the degraded Roldan to the water fide when he embarked, with curses, fiouts, and hides. "Two years from this period passed on in the utmofi tranquillity. The only alloy to our hap. piness at this period, was the ill hiealth of your mother, whose delicate frame had received a Shock almoit alhioft beyond her strength to support. But time by degrees weakened the remcmbrancc of her fe. vere lololcs; and as her spirits began to regain their wonted tone, health faintly tinged her cheeks, and enlivened her grief wobln eyes. "It was at the close of tlc year 1504, that we received the afflicting intelligence of the death of, iliabelle of Spain. When Columbus was informed of an event so diflrefling to us all, but to him in particular, he pressed her portrait (which he ever wore about his neck) to his lips; ' Oh! my royal iiil'trefs, ' said he, 'in the grave, with thy virtues, lies buried the same, the honour, the happiness of .Columbus.' Hel spoke prophetically; for within iix mofiths from the death of the Queen, your grandfather was recalled; and Davilla, a creature of the kiing's, and an intimate of Roldan's, was appointed to succeed him as viceroy. Your father, offended at the indignity offered his parent, resigned all his offices, and we returned to Spain together. Columbus never visited the court, but immediately on laldinig retired to an etfate he possessed in Valladolid. .Ferdinando attended the levee of the King several times, but he was either entirely overlooked, or addressed in 'uch terms of chilling coldncfs, that his high spirit could not brook it; and he followed his father into retirementi C Perhaps "Perhaps your inexperienced mind will wonder how Roldan, but a few years since poor, and dependent on the firicndfhip and bounty of Columbus, could have interest sufficient to dili)lace that valiant commander, and place a favourite of his own in his office. But, my dear girl, the neglected Roldan was poor, the returning governor was rich; and they who in the former situation treated him with contemptuous ncgler, or at belt