emptiness of the place. Afier waiting a few minutes, he forced back the gate, which was heavy with ironwork, and creaked harshly on its hinges. He [ 40 ] He entered what appeared to have been the chapel of the abbey, where the hymn of devotion had once been raised, and the tear of penitence had once been fled; sounds, which could now only be recalled by imagination tears of penitence, which had been long since fixed in fate. La Motte paused a moment, for he felt a sensation of sublimity riling into terror a suspension of mingled also nifhment and awe ! He iurveyed the vastness of the place, and as he contem n plated its ruins , fancy bore him back to past ages. " And these walls," said he, C where once fuperfition lurked, and · austerity anticipated an earthly purga " tory, now tremble over the mortal re" " of the beings who reared them !" The deepening gloom, reminded La Mette that he had no time to lose; but curiosity prompted him to explore farther, and he obeyed the impulse. As he walked over the broken pavement, the sound of his steps ran in echoes through the C 41 ] die place, and ieemed like the mysterious accents of the dead, reproving the sacrilegious mortal who thus dared to disturb their holy precincts. From this chapel he passed into the nave of the great church, of which one window, more perfect than the rest, opened upon a long vista of the forest, and through this was seen the rich colouring of evening, melting by imperceptible gradations into the solemn grey of upper air. Dark hills, whose outline appeared diftinaly upon the vivid glow of the horizon, closed the perspective. Several of the pillars, which had once supported the roof, remained the proud effigies of finking greatness, and seemed to nod at every murmur of the blast over the fragments of those that had fallen a little before them. La Motte sighed. 'The comparison between himself and the gradation of decay, which there columns exhibited, was but too obvious and as secting. " A few years," said he, " and "I hall [ 42 ] " I shall become like the mortals on "whose relics I now gaze, and, like " them too, I may be the fibject of meditation to a succeeding generation, " which shall totter but a little while " over the objet they contemplate, ere C they also fink into the dufl." Retiring from the scene, he walked through the cloisters, till a door, which communicated with a lofty part of the building, attrated his'curiofity. He opened this and perceived, across the foot of a staircase, another door; - but now, partly checked by fear and partly by the recollection of the surprise his family might feel in his absence, he returned with hasty steps to his carriage, having wased ome of the precious moments of twilight, and gained no information. Some slight answer to Madame La Motte's inquiries, and a general direction to Peter to drive carefully on, and look for a road, was all that 'his anxiety would [ 43 ] would.permit him to utter. The night Ifade fell thick around, which, deepened by the gloom of the toreft, blon rendered it dangerous to proceed. Peter stopped, but La Motte, persisting in his first determination, ordered him to go on. Peter ventured to remonstrate, Madame La Motte entreated, but La Motte repro ved commanded, and at length, repented; for the hind wheel riling upon the flump of an old tree, which the darkness had prevented Peter from observing, the carriage was in an instant overturned. The party, as may be supposed, were much terrified, but no one was materially hurt, and having disengaged themselves from their perilous situation, La Motte and Peter endeavoured to raise the carriage. The extent of this misfortune was now discovered, for they .perceived that the wheel was broke. Their distress was reasonably great, for not only was the coach disabled from proceeding, but it could not even .afford a ihelter from [ 44 ] from the cold dews of the night, it being impossible to preserve it in an upright situation. After a few moments silence, La Motre proposed that they should return to the ruins they had just quitted, which lay at a very flort distance, and pass the night in the most habitable part of them; that, when morning dawned, Peter should take one of the coach horses, and endeavour to find a road and a town, from whence assistance could be procured for repairing the carriage. This proposal was opposed by Madame La Motte, who ihuddered at the idea of pasing so many hours ofdark ness in a place so forlorn as the monastery. Terrors , which fie neither endeavoured to examine, or combat, overcame her, and The told La Motte ihe had rather remain exposed to the unwholesome dews of night, than encounter the desolation of the ruins . La Motte had at firfc felt an equal relutance to return to this spot, but having subdued his own feelings, [ 45 J feelings, he resolved not to yield to those of his wife. The horses being now disengaged from the carriage, the party moved towards the edifice. As they proceeded, Peter, who followed them, itruck a light, and they entered the ruins by the flame offticks, which he had collected. The partial gleams thrown across the fabric seemed to make its desolation more solemn, while the obscurity of the greater part of the pile heightened its sublimity , and led fancy on to scenes of horror . Adeline, who had hitherto remained silent, now uttered an exclamation of mingled admiration and fear. A kind ofp'eafing dread thrilled her bosom, and filled all her ibul. Tears started to her eyes; -- lle wished, yet feared, to go on; vhe hung upon the arm of La Motte, and looked at him with a sort of hesitating interrogation. He opened