in a few minutes her eyes would search for him in vain, her anguith was completed! He continued his course; lhe looked till her eyes were dimmed by the intervening rays of light and he was visible no longer. By the time that St. Clair reached the auberge, the Marquis and Madame de Sevrac had risen, and Sabina was summoned to the library. The sudden departure of St. Clair, excited no surprise in de Sevrac's manner, though it fixed him in silent rumination. Not a syllable was uttered during breakfast; but, as oon as it was over, the Marquis rose to quit the room, room, muttering a few incoherent words, among which Sabina diflintly heard the name of St. Clair. During the whole day an increasing despondency seemed to fasten on de Sevrac's mind. He wandered about the valley, dined hastily, and again left the Chateau neuf, absorbed in meditation. In the evening, Madame de Sevrac and Sabina went in earch of him; they found that he Lad taken his seat on ajutting and barren part of the mountain . They were at a considerable distance when they first discovered him; and, as the ky lowered and threatened a tempest , they quickened their pace, in hopes of rousing him from his melancholy reverie before it broke over the valley. As they climbed the lower part of the mountain , they observed the lightning, which darted from the passing clouds, playing round his solitary seat. The blackness ness of the fky cast a deep hade over the dry turf, and considerably augmented the gloom of twilight. The thunder began to roll over the valley, and the forky ffifhes became inceffant: fill he remained unmoved, like the melancholy genius of the solitude. The warring elements ex -- cited no sensation of terror , in a mind that was occupied by a chaos of contending passions. Death could not alarm De Sev rac; the weariness of a being, which had long been burthenfoine, made him look forward to the: grave as his last and only asylum; He felt, that the strongest energies of reason cannot repel the repeated attacks of persecution; that the mind, when stretched beyond its limits, amidst the infinite variety of ideas,. fixes on no point, and finks into a mass of confused incoherency. It is then that the faculties grow torpid; every spring of the heart is relaxed; and, the source of sensibility being ex hausted, man man becomes, as it were, extin&. From that hour he merely vegitates, like a forlorn savage on the barren deserts of Siberia, where all is dark and desolate; till the returning fun expands its beams only to discover the vast extent of the solitude that surrounds him! Madame de Sevrac continued to ascend the mountain , notwithstanding the en creating storm; impelled by affection, and anxious for the safety of the unfortunate being, whom fate had condemned to bus set with the tempest , all inferior considerations vanished; she stood for some moments within a few paces of the Marquis, before he perceived that he was near him: the vacant fixture of his eye, bespoke the state of his mind; and his ghafly smile when Sabina embraced him, augmented their fears that his intellects were disordered. They took his hand, he rose, and suffered them to guide him down the rugged slope. The gleamy coruscations which which continued to flash across their path, added to the awful distress of their situation; and by the time that they reached the chateau neuf, Madame de Sevrac and Sabina were little less subdued than the Marquis. During the remainder of the autumn de Sevrac's mental inquietude increased every moment: the perturbation, which was evident, was not like that of any former period; it was more fierce and impatient, more inflamed with indignation than depressed by sor row. Wild and unconnected expressions, sudden distortions of countenance, a brow perpetually contrasced, eyes bent on vacancy, starts of horror , and vague answers to every question, rendered all those who witnessed his situation completely wretched. He would often sit whole hours in one meditating and fixed attitude; when any person approached him, he would wave his hand as a signal for their departure, without even raising his eyes vol. 1i. C from from their pensive direcion. Mirth became loathsome to him, and the only gratification which he seemed to experience, was derived from contemplating the mos gloomy and terrific features of nature. When the midnight storm howled over the mountains , when the rain poured, and t e swollen torrents gufled from the dark precipice, he was frequently observed by the watchful goatherds, hurrying over the meadows, or climbing the rugged peaks where no human footsteps had ever ventured, while his difracted family were wandering from place to place in search of him. At first the peasantry attributed his appearance to some supernatural effet : the form which they had beheld gliding by moonlight along the fides of the mountain , or met, suddenly darting among the mazes of the woods, excited universal as toniihment. Curiosity made them watchful, but pity checked the steps of perfecu tiorn, tion, and at length he was permitted to follow his course, unvexed by the intru lions of the peasantry. The few hours which he passed at home were employed in writing; the wild effusions of a feeling and enlightened mind, were frequently found in his absence. The Marquis had read much, and the best poets, both Italian and Englifl, were familiar to him. The productions of his melancholy hours were wild, and tinctured with the romantic imagery of Ossian; Mademoiselle de Sevrac Rever failed to preserve them as the rude relicks.of a mind, shattered by the storms of adversity: fle frequently found uncon nedced fragments scattered about the woods, where he had left them through forgetfulness; andes they were written with a pencil, they were, most probably, the fpon tanedus productions of his solitary walks. From thole that were the least extravagan, the feleted tle following passages. C 2