quarter the apprehended peril is to arise. Such appearances, says he, preceded the fall of mighty Julius, and the ruin of the great commonwealth; and he adds, such have often been the omens of disasters in our own state. There is great art in this condut. The true cause of the royal Dane's discontent could not be guessed at: it was a secret which could be only revealed by himself. In the mean time, it was necessary to captivate our attention, by demonstrating, that the poet was not going to exhibit such idle and frivolous gambols, as Ghosts are bythe vulgar ¢'stcn represented to perform. The historical L 3 testimony, teffimony, that, antecedent to the death of Cafar, The graves flood tenantless, and the iheeted dead Did squeak and gibber in the Roman streets, gives credibility and importance to this phenomenon. Horatio's address to the ghost is brief and pertinent, and the whole purport of it agreeable to the vulgar conceptions of these matters. HORATIO. Stay, illusion! If thou hast any sound, or use of voice, Speak to me. If there be any good thing to be done, That may to thee do ease, and grace to me, Speak to me. If thou art privy to thy country's fate, Which happily foreknowing may avoid, Oh speak! Or, if thou hast uphoarded in thy life Extorted treasure in the womb of earth, For which, they say, you spirits oft walk in death, Speak of it. Its Its vanishing at the crowing of the Cock, is another circumstance of the established fu pertition. Young Hamlet's indignation at his mother's hasty and incestuous marriage, his sorrow for his father's death, the character he gives of that prince, prepare the fpeaa tor to sympathise with his wrongs and sus ferings. The Son, as is natural, with much more vehement emotion than Horatio did, addresses his Father's shade. Hamlet's terror , his astonishment , his vehement desire to know the cause of this visitation, are irresistibly communicated to the spectator by the following speech. HAMLET. Angels and miniters of grace defend us! Be thou a spirit of health, or goblin damned, Bring with thee airs from heaven, or blasts from hell, Be thy intents wicked or charitable, Thou comet in such a questionable shape, That I will speak to thee. I'll call thee Hamlet, King, father, royal Dane: oh! answer me; Let me not burst in ignorance; but tell, L 4 Why Why thy canonised bones, hearitd in death, Have burg their cearments? Why the sepulchre, Wherein we saw thee quietly inured, Hath oped his ponderous and marble jaws, To cast thee up again? What may this means That thou, dead corpse, again, in complete steel, Revifit'ft thus the glimpses of the moon, Making night hideous? Never did the Grecian Muse of Tragedy relate a tale so full of pity and terror , as is imparted by the Ghost. Every circumftanec melts us with compafion; and with what horror do we hear him say! GHOST. But that I am forbid To tell the secrets of my prifpn houfe, I could a talc unfold; whose lightelf word Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood, Make thy two eyes, like stars, tfart from their spheres Thy knotted and combined locks to parts And each particular hair to sand on end ilic quills upon the fretful porcupine: Itn: this eternal blazon must not be To cars of flceh and blood. All All that follows is solemn,, and deeply affeeding. Whatever in Hamlet belongs to the preternatural, is perfectly fine; the rest of the playdoes not come within the subject of this chapter. The ingenious criticism on the play of the Tempest , published in the Adventurer, has made it unnecessary to enlarge on that admirable piece, which alone would prove our Author to have had a fertile, a sublime , and original genius . THE THE T R A G E D Y TRAGEDY o M A C B E T H. ie[ [ ] THE TRAGEDY MACBETHH. T R A G E Y M A C B E T H. T HIS piece is perhaps one of the greatest exertions of the tragic and poetic powers, that any age, or any country has produced. Here are opened new sources of terror , new creations of fancy. The agency of Witches and Spirits excites a species of terror , that cannot be effeted by the operation of human agency, or by any form or disposition of human things. For the known limits of their powers and capacities set certain bounds to our apprehensions; mysterious horrors , undefined terrors , areraifed.bytheintervention of beings, whose .n a tr2 enature nature we do not underhand, whose ations we cannot control, and whose influence we know not how to escape. Here we feel through all the faculties of the soul, and to the utmost extent of her capacity. The dread of the interposition of such agents is the most salutary of all fears. It keeps up in our minds a sense of our connexion with awful and invisible spirits, to whom our most secret actions are apparent, and from whose chastisement, Innocence alone can defend us. From many dangers Power will protect; many crimes may be concealed by Art and Hypocrisy; but when fiupernatural Beings arise, to reveal, and to avenge, Guilt blushes through her mask, and trembles behind her bulwarks. Shakespeare has been sufficiently justified, by the bell critics, for availing himfelfof the popular faith in witchcraft; and he is certainly as defensible in this point, as Euripides, and other Greek tragedians, for introducing Jupiter, Diana, Minerva, c. whoso personal intervention, in the events exhibited 4 bited on their stage, had not obtained more credit, with the thinking and the philofophi calpart of thefpectators; than tales of Witchcraft among the Wife and Learned .here. Much later than the age in which Macbeth lived, even in Shakespeare's own time, there were severe statutes extant against Witchcraft. Some objecions have been made to the Hecate of the Greeks being joined to