and sublime in thus regulating the walking of the Spirit, by the course of. the Star: It intimates a connecion and correspondence between things beyond our ken, and above the visible diurnal sphere. Horatio, is affected with that kind us fear, which such an appearance would naturally excite. He trembles, ~~~5 ~ and and turns pale. mwhen the violence of the emotion subsides, he reflects, that probably this supernatural event portends some danger lurking in the ifate. This suggestion gives importance to the phenomenon, and engages our attention. Horatio's relation of the king's combat with the Norwegian, and of the forces the young Fortinbras is assembling, in order to attack Denmark, seems to point out, from what quarter the apprehended peril is to arise. Such appearances, says he, preceded the fall of mighty Julius, and the ruin of the great commonwealth; and he adds, such have often been the omens of difaffers in our own ifate. There is great art in this conduct. The true cause of the royal Dane's difdontent could not be gucffed at: it was a secret which could be only revealed by himself. In the mean time, it was necessary to captivate our attention, by demonstrating, that the poet was not going to exhibit such idle and frivolous gambols, as Ghofis are by the vulgar often represented to perforn. The hiftoriic: i L tcpflinmo!i, teffimony, that, antecedent to the death of Caifar, The graves flood tenantless, and the sheeted dead Did squeak and gibber in the Roman fireets, gives credibility and importance to this phenomenon, Horatio's address to the ghost is brief and pertinent, and the whole purport of it agreeable to the vulgar conceptions of these matters. HORATIO. Stay, illusion! If thou bait any sound, or use of voice, Speak to me. If there be any good thing to be done, That may to thee do ease, and grace to me, Speak to mo. If thou art privy to thy country's fate, Which happily foreknowing may avoid, Oh speak! Or, if thou hail uphoarded in thy life Extorted treasure in the womb of earth, For which, they say, you spirits oft walk in death, Speak of it. Its Its vanishing at the crowing of the Cock, is another circumstance of the established superstition. Young Hamlet's indignation at his mother's hasty and incestuous marriage, his sorrow for his father's death, his character of that prince, prepare the fpecator to sympathise with his wrongs and sufferings. The Son, as is natural, with much more vehement emotion than Horatio did, addresses his Father's slade. Hamlet's terror , his astonishment , his vehement desire to know the cause of this visitation, are irresistibly communicated to the fpecator by the following speech. HAMLET. Angels and miniiters of grace defend u! Be thou a spirit of health, or goblin damned, Bring with thee airs from heaven, or blasts from hell, Be thy intents wicked or charitable, Thou comet in such a questionable shape, That I will speak to thee. I'll call thee Hamlet, King, father, royal Dane: oh! anvcer me; Let me not burst in ignorance; but tell, L 4 Why Why thy canonised bones, hearsed in death, Have burst their cearments? Why the sepulchre, Wherein we saw thee quietly inured, Hath oped his ponderous and marble jaws, To cast thee up again? What may this mean, That thou, dead corpse, again, in complete feel, Revifit'fl thus the glimpses of the moon, Making night hideous? Never did the Grecian Muse of Tragedy relate a tale so full of pity and terror , as is imparted by the Ghost. Every circumstance melts us with compassion; and with what horror do we hear him say! GHOST. But that I am forbid To tell the secrets of my prifon houfe, I could a tale unfold; whose lightest word Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood, Make thy two eyes, like stars, ftart from their spheres, Thy knotted and combined lccks to part, And each particular hair to sandon end Like quills upon the fretful porcupine: But this eternal blazon muf, not be 'ito ears of flch and blood. All All that follows is solemn,, and deeply affecting. Whatever in Hamlet belongs to the prx ternatural, is perfectly fine; the rest of the play does not come within the fubjecd of this chapter. The ingenious criticifin on the play of the Tempest , published in the Adventurer, has made it unnecessary to enlarge on that admirable piece, which alone would prove our Author to have had a fertile, a sublime , and original genius . * s Hi THE TRAGEDY Q M A C B E T H. [ 173 ] THE TRAGE D Y OF MA C B E T H. T H I S piece is perhaps 'one of the greatet exertions of' tlhe tragic and poetic powers, that any age, or any country has produced. Here are opened new sources of terror , new creations of fancy. The agency of Witches and Spirits excites a species of terror , that cainot be efieited by the operation of human agency, or 'by any form or disposition of human thfi'gs. For the known limits of their powers' and capacities sets certain bounds to'o'ur'appi'ehe'n sions; mysterious horrors , undefined terrors ; are raised by the intervention of beings, whose nature nature we do not understand, whose actions we cannot control, and whose influence we know not how to escape. Here we feel through all the faculties of the soul, and to the utmost extent of her capacity. The apprehension of the interposition of such agents is the most salutary of all fears. It keeps up in our minds a sense of our connexion with awful and invisible spirits, to whom our most secret actions are apparent, andfromwhofechaftifement, Innocence alone can defend us. From many dangers Power will protect; many crimes may be concealed by Art and Hypocrisy; but when supernatural beings arise, to reveal, and to avenge, Guilt blufihes through her mask, and trembles behind her bulwarks. Shakespeare has been sufficiently justified, by