tempest shook her fate; Swiftly she sunk from life's meridian bloom, And sighed for refuge in the joyless tomb; Yet Fate severe, denied her request, She lived despise, negleaed, and difireft; No guardian friend from insult sought to hide This feeble viaim of despair and pride; Sickness and pain by turns convulsed her frame, Which seed to feed the slow consuming flame; Her fuffring heart from all repose retired, Each profpea saddened, and each hope expired; The pall was lovely, only to deplore, The future dreadful, to diflra& her more: In such an hour, which seemed from joy so far; Broke through' the dreadful mill her guiding star; A few, with souls to friendflip's task inclined, By Nature foften'd, humanis'd, refined, Conspire to field her from a fate so rude, And blunt the shafts of keen ingratitude; From them, her sole support she long has shared, For them, has Heaven her ceaseless blessings heard. You, ( 59) You, generous itrangers, claim the next appeal Of ardent gratitnde, and earnet zeal; Her thanks are poor, this humble wish receive: Enjoy such blessings- -- these bounties give. MARIA FALCONAR. A S N G. AWAKE, my love, with genial ray The Sun returning, cheers the day; Awake the balmy zephyr blows, The hawthorn buds, the daisy glows, The trees regain their wonted pridei. The turtle woos his tender bride; : - To love the warbler tunes his song,. And forth in dimples.glides along. O more than blooming daisies fair,. More fragrant than thevemnal air, H 2 More ( 6c) More gentle than the turtle dove, Or streams that murmur through' the grove! Bethink thee, allis on the wing, These pleasures wait on wafting spring; Then come; the transient bliss enjoy, Nor fear what fades so soon, will cloy. JULIET FALCONAR. TO BATH, PROUD palaces, and blooming glades, Soft Avon, and thy kindred slades, Hail mingling beauties, hail! Where from the distant landscape brought, With balmy treasures richly fraught, Wantcns the muiky gale. I. Where ( 6i) Where art and Nature, whilst admired, With equal envious ardour sire, The prize of power contend; And issuing from the happy strife Of rural and of polished life, Each beauty seems to blend. Art, stately as the full blown morn, Bends all around an eye of scorn, Yet awful and sublime ; She dares the wintery blast to blow, And fears but beauty's common foe, - The distant itroke of Time. But Nature sports each milder grace, A smiling, blooming, dimpled face, A foften'd, artless pride; Her limbs the simplest vestments sold, Her glossy hairs unbraided gold, With fragrant flowerets tied. Here passion feels a transient rest, Her once inflamed, her throbbing breast, Burns ( 62) Bums only to admire; Over sadness tfealing soft control], Forgetful of her heavy soul, She lifts an eye of fire. And when I leave this finiling sky For other scenes, my parting eye Shall linger on the view, To where the soul of transport thrills, Oh palaces, and heaven topped hills, My heart shall figh adieu! MARIA FALCONAB. EPITAPH, ( 63) E P I T A P H, Written on the AUTHOR's FATHER. THAT heart which warmed the mouldering dust below, Broke through' life's barrier in a throb of woe; Loved, holy duttl long to oblivion given, Whose every atom bore the samp of Heaven. Reader, if all that could adorn life's sphere, By mortals idolised, to angels dear, Could not preserve him from its ills, must thou Prepare to meet them with undaunted brow. Too strong awhile to fink, too proud to yield, He fell a veteran in misfortune's field; Death, sympathising Death, his wrongs redressed, And bore the fuff'rer to a Saviour's breast. MARIA FALCONAR.. POLY( () POLYGR A P H Y, A P O E M. MELODIOUS Maids, in whose romantic cell The blooming progeny of Fancy dwell, Who touch in fairy bowers the mellow lute, To sooth Attention where fle wanders mute; Who studious catch the forms of every age, And swell the beauties of the claflic page, ditate a tribute, to that genius due, Which lifts my heart to ecfafy and you. Reign, happy Art, with every triumph graced, Who giv'ft to deathless fame the work of taste ; Whatever charm the glowing pencil drew, To touch the heart, and captivate the view, What else had sunk in Time's oblivious tomb, Shall rise with thee in renovated bloom. Here admiration ftrys with doubtful strife, The portrait and the landscape glows with life; From ( 65) From Alpine hills the echoes seem to roam, Of torrents rulhing in eternal foam;. There Nemi's lake, within whose glossy tide The forest waves, that shades the mountain's fide, The burnished billows fwell'd with breezy sighs, The cloudless splendour of Italian kies, Where every object, clothed in' Nature's prime, Breathes forth the beauty of the charming clime; Then dread Vesuvius, from whose awful caves Rush spiry flames, while on its neighbouring waves The moonbeam wantons with the gentlest grace, And cheers the native horrors of the place; From these, ' retiring Fancy loves to rest, Where lifts the morning hill its azure breast, Where. partial radiance gilds th' quivering glade, And Gothic turrets peep above the made; Still objeets rise, that boast the nameless charm To mock description, beautiful and warm, Still admiration lives, through' profpets changed, By. genius sire, and elegance arranged, No more the trophies of the artist's name, These honours blooming in the smile of Fame, I The ( 66) The skilful colouring, and the firoke sublime , Shall vanillin the blight'ning frown of Time; Here POLYGRAPHY spreads her sheltering wing,. That wintery ruin softens into Spring, Her magic touch restores each fainting trace, And every objea glows with heightened grace: Fair sister of the Arts, whole genial smile In youthful fplendour.cheers this favoured isle, Whose day of excellence.has dawned so fair, On thee shall Admiration fpend her.care, Through' ages yet unknown, .thy future fame Shall gild with blooming honours many a name, Of souls by genius , and'by science taught, To