and mule drivers' tie up the bells of their cattle to prevent the gingling, and forbid a word to to be spoken by the passengers, that the avalanche, which waits on the mountain to overwhelm them, may not hear them ap. proach. Little crosses placed by the road fide where travellers have periihed, are melancholy mementos of such mortal accidents, against which, however, precautions are taken, by firing muikets to ihake the air and precipitate the impending avalanche. Huge fragments of rocks sometimes present themselves as if they threatened to obstruct the way; and we remarked one enormous piece of beautiful granite that skirted the road, and is called the devil's stone, which, on account of some mifunderflanding with the people of the country, he brought down from the mountain to defiroy some of the works he had himself formerly constructed. If any superstition is pardonable, it is that of the inhabitants of this mountain , and and had the epic poets from Homer, down to our sublime Milton, seen this valley of Schellinen before they described their Tartarus or Pandemonium, they would have caught some new images of the savage and terrific, and their hells would have been habitations less deirable. The devil of this country, however, cannot, in the etimation of the rude mountaineers , be the same malignant mischievous fiend which the inhabitants of plains and civilised countries make him, since, if he has chosen this chaos of nature for his habitation, he has not Shut up his palace, like other stately monarchs, from the vulgar eye, but, on the contrary, has unfolded the recesses of his dwelling by opening ways, and building bridges, which the mountaineers believe none but himself could have conflruded, and by which he has certainly deservcd well of the country." Nothing Nothing can be imagined more bold and daring than the road that leads through the valley of Schellenen to the mountain of St, Gothard; the difficulties appear almost in. surmountable; sometimes the road seems bo narrow, between frightful precipices on each fide, that great blocks of granite are placed on the edges as safeguards to the passengers; and where the mountain forbids all possibility of passage, offering an impenetrable rampart by its vertical abruptness, the path juts out fron. the fide supported by arches and pillars, which are built up from some salient points of the mass beneath, and seems " a ridge of pendant rock over the vexed abyss." This road, the breadth of which differs according to the facility of construction, is in some places from twelve to fifteen feet wide, and in others only ten, leaving in general space enough for loaded mules to : 5 pass pass each other; it is paved the greateif part of the way with granite, and is comrn pared, by Mr. Raymond, to a ribbon thrown negligently over the mountains . After winding for some time among these awful scenes, of which no painting can give an adequate description, and of which an imagination the most pregnant in sublime horrors could form but a very imperfect idea, we came within the sound of these cataracts of the Reuss which announced our approach towards another operation of Satanic power, called the Devil's Bridge. We were more firuck with the augula drapery of this supernatural work, than with the work itself. It seemed less marvellous than expectation had pictured it, and we were perhaps the more disappointed, as we remembered that A" the wondrous art pontifical," was a part of architecture with which his infernal majesty was perfectly fedly well acquainted; and the rocks of the valley of Schellenen were certaihly as solid foundations for bridge building as " the aggregated soil solid, or slimy," which was collected amidst the waste of chaos, and crowded drove " from each fide ihoaling towards the mouth of hell." On this spot we loitered for some time to contemplate the stupendous and terrific scenery. The mountainous rocks lifted their heads abrupt, and appeared to fix the limits of our progress at this point, unless we could climb the mighty torrent which was firuggling impetuously for passage under our feet, after precipitating its afflicted waters with tremendous roar in successive cascades over the disjointed rocks, and filling the atmosphere with its foam. Separating ourselves with reluctance * Paradise Lost, Book X VOL. 1, M from from these objects of overwhelming greatness, we turned an angle of the mountain at the end of the bridge, and proceeded along a way of difficult ascent, wvhich led to a rock that seemed inflexibly to bar our passage. A bridge fattened to this rock by ironwork, and suspended over the torrent, was formerly the only means of passing, but numerous accidents led the government to seek another outlet. The rock being too high to climb, and too weighty to remove, the engineer took the middle way, and bored a hole in the solid mars two hundred feet long, and about ten or twelve feet broad and high, through which he carried the road, The entrance into this subterraneous passage is almost dark, and the little light that penetrates through a crevice in the rock, serves only to make its obscurity more visible. Filled with powerful images of the terrible and sublime , from the enormous obije't which I had been contemplating ing for some hours past, objects, the forms of which were new to my imagination , it was not without a feeling of relucance that I plunged into this scene of night, whose thick gloom heightened every sensation of terror . After pafling through this cavern, the view which suddenly unfolded itself appeared rather a gay illusion of the fancy than real nature. No magical wand was ever fabled to shift more inflantaneoufly the scene, or call up forms of more striking contrast to those on which we had gazed. On the other fide of the caver we seemed amidfft the chaos or the overthrow of nature; on this we beheld her dressed in all the loveliness