after you are thus prepared. There is something solemn and sublime in thus regulating the walking of the spirit, by the course of the star: It intimates a connexion and correspondence between things beyond our ken, and above the ifible diurnal sphere. Horatio is affeced with that kind of fear which such an appearance would naturally excite. He trembles, and and turns pale. When the violence of the emotion subsides, he reflects, that probably this supernatural event portends some danger lurking in the state. This fuggetfion gives importance to the phenomenon, and engages our attention. Horatio's relation of the king's combat with the Norwegian, and of the forces the young Fortinbras is assembling in order to attack Denmark, seems to point out from what quarter the apprehended peril is to arise. Such appearances, says he, preceded the fall of mighty Julius, and the ruin of the great commonwealth; and he adds, such have often been the onens of disasters in our own itate. There is great art in this conduct. The true cause of the royal Dane's discontent could not be guessed at; it was a secret which could be only revealed by himself. In the mean time, it was necessary to captivate our attention, by demonftrat.ng, that the poet was not going to exhibit such idle and frivolous gambols as ghosts are by the vulgar often represented to perform. The historical L 3 testimony, teitimbriy, that, anitecedeht to the death of Cefar, The gravesfr6tod teiiaitlers, and the sheeted dead Did squeak and gibber ih the Rioman streets, gives credibility arid impbrtance to this phasnomenbn. Horatio's address to the ghost is brief arid pertinent, and the whole purport of it agreeable to the vulgar conceptions of these matters. HORATIO, Stay, ill'fio'n! If thou hai any sound, or use of voice, Speak to me. If there be any good thing to be done, That maay to thee do ease, and grace 'to he, Speak to me. If thou art privy to thy country's fate, Which happily foreknowing may avoid, Oh speak! Or, if thou hast uphoarded in 'thy life Extorted treafurein the womb of earth, For which, they say, you : pirits oft walk in death, Speak of it. Its Its vanishing at the crowing of the cock is another circumstance of the established superstition. Youqg Hamlet's indignation at his mother's .hasty and incestuous marriage, his sorrow for his father's death, his character of that prince, prepare the fpecator to sympathise with his wrongs and sufferings. The son, as is natural, with much more vehement, emotion than Horatio did, addresses his father's shade. Hamlet's terror , his aftoniffiment, his vehenrent desire to know the cause of this visitation, 4ae irresistibly communicp ed to the spectator by the following : speech. HAM LET. Angels arnd ministers of grace defend us! Be thoula.fpirit of heath, or goblin damned, Bring with theeairs Ifroi heavn, or bla.ts from rh.l, Be thy intents wvicked or charitable, Thou comet in such a questionable shape, That I will speak to thee. I'll call thee Hamlet, King, father, royal Dane: oh! answer me; Let me not burst in ignorance; Ibut tell, L 4 Why Why thy canonised bones, hearsed in death, Have burfi their cearments? Why the sepulchre, Wherein we saw thee quietly inured, Hath oped his ponderous and marble jaws, To cast thee up again? What may this mean, That thou, dead corpse, again, in complete feel, Revifit'ft thus the glimpses of the moon, Making night hideous? Never did the Grecian muse of tragedy relate a tale so full of pity and terror as is imparted by the ghost. Every circumstance melts us with compaffon; and with what horror do we hear him say! ghost. But that I am forbid To tell the secrets of my prifon houfe, I could a tale unfold; whose lightedf word Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood, Make thy two eyes, like stars, start from their spheres, Thy knotted and combined locks to part, And each particular hair to stand on end Like quills upon the fretful porcupine: But this eternal blazon mufl not be To ears of flesh and blood. All All that follows is solemn,, and deeply affecting. Whatever in Hamlet belongs to the preternatural is perfectly fine; the rest of the play does not come within the subject of this chapter. The ingenious criticifin on the play of the Tempest , published in the Adventurer, has made it unnecessary to enlarge on that admirable piece, which alone would prove our author to have had a fertilen a sublime , and original genius . THE THE T R A G E D Y F M A C B E T H. [ 173 ] THE T R A G E D Y. OF M A C B E T H. T HIS piece is perhaps one of the greatest exertions of the tragic and poetic powers, that any age, or any country has produced. Here are opened new sources of terror , new creations of fancy. 'The agency of witches and spirits excites a species of terror , that cannot be effeced by the operation of human agency, or by any form or difpofitioi of human things. For the known limits of their powers and capacities let certain bounds to our apprehensions; mysterious horrors , undefined terrors , are raised by the intervention of beings whose nature nature we do not underitand, whose actions we cannot control, and whose influence we know not how to escape. Here we feel through all the faculties of the soul, and to the utmost extent of her capacity. The apprehension of the interposition of such agents is the most salutary of all fears. It keeps up in our minds a sense of our con ne.tion with awful amd iavifible.fpirits, to whom our most secret actions are apparent, and from whose chastisement innocence alone can defend us. From many dangers power will protet; many griies mgay ie con : ealed' by art and ahypp.rify.; bupt when super aturl -: beings rjfie,