afforder her, especially that Part which related to the Millennium, or Cbrift's thou/and Tears Reign on Earth. Dear Madam, FAVOURS conferred by you, afford a double Benefit, as they are always well adapted: First, you search into the Wants of those you love, and then generously bestow Relief; -- had you sent me a Book of Novels or new Poems, they might have entertained my gayer Moments for the present; or were it rome Part of modern History you had recommended to my Perusal, it would have made me somewhat wiser than before, fore, but fallen infinitely short of the Advantage 1 now enjoy. These excellent Volumes have let me into the very inmost Recesses of Nature, enlarged my Ideas, and enabled me to behold, as the Author himself expresses it, -- In comprehejifive Thought, Tke vast Extent 'twixt God and Nought. I AM ravished with the Beauties of the Creation, as it came from the Hands of the Almighty; and am struck with the most reverential Awe , when I confider the dreadful Change it since has undergone by his just Judgements on a sinful World: - I am now no longer at a Loss to account for what they call the Wonders of the Peak; - nor for the Inequality of the Land, in some Parts so stupendously mountainous , in others so low and marshy; nor for those dismal Caverns, which in many Places seem to lead down even to the Centre of the Earth; - nor how there numberless little Islands, torn as it were from the Continent, came to be scattered up and down the Sea: -- These admirable Books have shown me, that all this was done by the Force of those Waters, which being let loose by their great Ruler, overwhelmed, broke in, and dislocated the once beauteous Frame of Nature. Bu T even this Satisfation, great as it is, comes infinitely short of what the charming Description fcrnp ion given of the Milienciurn affords: - 0 moult incomparable Mira! might I presume to hope I (h uld be one of the happy Number ad mitred into that Scene of Bl; fs, I should in Theory be already there; anticipate my Para dile, and while envroned witha thousand Im pt ..nences, which eternally spring up amidst this Val of Misery and soy, feel ifh my Breast the untaintedjoys of Heaven; To live a thousand Years divefled of all anxious Cares, all Griefs, secured from Dilappointments, as from vain Pursuits, and idle Wishes; - to be certain that neither Pain nor Sickneis can annoy us more; to know we have palted the Gulf of Death; - escape all the Horrors of the Grave; are out of the Reach of tho!e evil and malicious Spirits, who watch to fcize the flying Soul, and are safely landed on tiat Shores where all is Love ald iharmony; - where the Author of our Redemption segns in Person, over a World, which is ali ont great Palace, and all who enter there are of hih Court. How enchanting is the Idea! how glorious the profpeet - How flattering to Hope! But, who in these later Ages, alas! dare venture to induige it? - the Prophets, - the Patriarchs, the Apostles - Martyrs, who have sus sertd for the Cause of Righteousness, perhaps, will fill those happy Seat;, and leave no Room for Virtues of an inkrior Rank. TELL TELL me, dear Madam, do you think it possible for a Person moderately good, and who wishes to be much more so, to be enlisted in this Divine Company? W 11 the Purity of the Intention, or the Piery of the Heart alone, without some distinguished A of. Zeal, be sus ficient to entitle any one to a Place in the first Resurrection? You see, Madam, that though the admirable Author of these Books does not attempt to enforce the Belief of his Syfthm, as a Matter of Faith, yet I am of the Number of those, who are perfectly convinced of it: - But do not imagine I am so, merely because so great a Man seems to be of that Opinion himself; I do assure you I have examined those Texts of Holy Writ, which he has quoted for that Purpose, and find them so conformable to his Way of expounding, especially thole in the Revelations of St. ybhn, that I cannot think it is in the Power of human Learning to put any other Con ftruaion upon them. YET, plain as it appears me, I find some People treat it as visionary, and only the Effects of a too warm, and fertile Fancy; but Sceptics there will always be in Things of yet greater Consequence to our Salvation; - as such I look on these, and shall not waver in my Beief of the TA' 0.. U. Doctor's Position, till I hear better Proofs against it, than any he has brought in Defence of it. FAVOUR me, I beseech you, Matlamtn, wvth your Sentiments on this Occasion, rhl. i ft Moment you have to bestow on her, who is, With the greatest Respect, Dear Madam, Your most Humble, And Obedient Servant, URANIAU EPISTLE EPISTLE CXVII The Answer. From Mira to Urania, praising her comprehensive fine Genius , and encouraging her to hope every Thingfhe wi/hedfor onfo laudable a Score. My Dear Urania, I AM delighted beyond Measure to find you are so highly sensible of the Value of the Work I sent you: - It shows you have a Soul capable of receiving the most delicate Impressions of Philosophy, as well as I always knew you had of Religion: - Contemplation on the Divine Being, and the Wonders of his Providence, is the most seraphic Employment of the Mind, and brings us the nearest to the angelic Nature: -- Sew Things that have ever been wrote are better calculated to serve this sublime End; and I do not flatter you when I say, that few Readers have a Genius more