me into nothing. Departfrom thee! Oh! whither should I go from thee? Into utter Darknes? That makes no Addition at all to the Wretch's Misery that's banished from thy Face. After that fearful Doom, I should without Conitraint E 4 seek seek out Shades as dark as Hell, being mol agreeable to my own Despair, and in the Horrors of eternal Night bewail the infinite Loss. TH eremembrance of that lost Happiness would 'render celestial Day insufferable. The Light of Paradise could not cheer me with. out thy Favour: The Songs of Angels would but heighten my Anguish, and torment me with a Scene of Bliss which I must never taste . The Sight of thy Favourites, and the Glories of thy Court, would but excite my Envy, and fill me with Madness, while I considered myself the Object of thine eternal Indigna, tion: Nor could all the Harmony of Heaven allay the Horror of that Reflecion. THE Groans of the Damned, and the Darkness of the infernal Caverns, would better suit my Grief. There to the Cries of tormented Ghosts, and to the Sound of eternal Tempests , I might join my wild Complaints, and lament the Loss of infinite Bliss, and curse my own Folly: But all the Plagues below, if I might speak my present Thoughts, should not extort a blasphemous Reflection on the divine Attributes; for I know I deserve eternal Misery, and even in Hell I think [ should cpnfefs thy Justice. Thy long expe rienced rienced Clemency, I am sure, ought to silence my Reproaches for ever, and to all Eternity leave thee unblemiih'd with the Imputation of Cruelty. B u T oh what Agonies would the Re. membrance of thy former Favour excite? What exquisite Remorse would it give me to recall those happy Moments when thou didst bless my retired Devotions with thy Presence? After I have relifh'd those divine Entertainments, how bitter would the Dregs of thy Wrath be? Whither would thy Frowns fink me, after I have enjoyed the Light of thy Countenance? IF I must lose thy Favour, oh! let me forget what that Word imports, and blot for ever from my Remembrance the Joys that a Sense of thy Love has excited: Let no Traces of those sacred Transports be left on my Soul. B ut must I depart from thee into everlasting Fire? Double and dreadful Curse And yet unquenchable Flames, and infernal Chains (if I can judge in this Life of such awful Futurities) would be less terrible than the Sense of those lost Joys. That Loss would endure no Reflecion; the Review would be for ever insufferable; the Ages of Eternity could could not diminish the exquisite Regret; frill it would excite new and unutterable Anguiffi, and rack me with infinite Despair. BLESSED God, pity the Soul whose extremest Horror is the Doom of an eternal Departure from thee. Draw my Spirit into the holiest and the nearest Union with thyself that is possible, while it dwells in this Flesh; and let me here commence that delightful Residence and Converse with God, which nor Death, nor Judgement shall ever destroy, nor shall a long Eternity ever put a Period to it. XV The Glory of GOD in his Works of Creation, Providence and Redemption. Y Being immediately flows from thee, and hold I not praise my omnipotent Maker? I received the last Breath I drew from thee, thou dost sustain my Life this very Moment, and the next depends entirely on thy Pleasure. 'Tis the Dignity of my Nature to know, and my Happiness to praise and adore my great Original. But oh! thou Supreme of all Things, how art thou to be cxtoll'd extolled by mortal Man? Ifay to Corruption, Thou art my Father, and to the Worms, re are niy Brethren; my Days are as a Hand's Breadth, and my Life is nothing before thee; bit thou art thefname, and thy tears neverfail: From everlasting to everlajfing thou art God, the incomprehensible, the immutable Divinity. The Language of Paradise, and the Strains of celestial Eloquence, fall short of thy perfetions; the firstborn Sons of Light lose themselves in blissful Astonishment in Search of. thy Excellencies; even they with flent Ecstasy adore thee, while thou art veiled with ineffable Splendour. The bright, the blefsd Divinity is known And comprehended by himfilf alone. Who can conceive the Extent of that Power, which out of Nothing brought Materials for a rifng World, and from a gloomy Chaos bid the harmonious Universe appear? Confusion heard the Force, and wild Uproar Stood ruled; flood vaj Infinity confined. A T thy Word the Pillars of the Sky were framed, and its beauteous Arches raised: Thy Preath Breath kindled the Stars, adorned the Moon with Silver Rays, and gave the Sun its flaming Splendour. Thou didst prepare for the Waters their capacious Bed, and by thy Power set Bounds to the raging Billows: By thee the Valleys were clothed in their flowery Pride, and the Mountains crowned with Groves. In all the wonderful Effects of Na. ture, we adore and confess thy Power; thou uttereft thy Voice in Thunder , and dost scatter thy Lightnings abroad; thou rideft on the Wings of the Wind, the Mountains smoke, and the Forests tremble at thy Approach; the Summer and Winter, the shady Night, and the bright Revolutions of the Day, are thine. These are thy glorious Works, Parent of Good, Almnighty; thine this universal Frame: bus wondrous they; thyself how wondrous then? BUT O! what must thy essential Majesty and Beauty be, if thou art thus illustrious in thy Works? if the Discoveries of thy Power and Wisdom are thus delightful, how transporting are the Manifestations of thy Goodness? From thee everything that lives receives its Breath; and by thee are all upheld in Life. Thy Providence reaches the leaks insect, for thou thou art good, and thy Care extends to all thy Works. Thou feedeft the Ravens, and dost provide the young Lions their