eyes, That (hapes this monstrous apparition. It comnes upon 'me 1" jvlivs cisah. D AYLIGHT dirpelled from Emily's mind the glooms of superstition, but not those of apprehension, The Count Morano was the first image, that occurred to her waking thoughts, and then came a train of anticipated evils, which ihe could neither conquer, or avoid. She rose, and, to relieve her mind from the busy ideas, that tormented it, compelled herself to notice external objects. From her casement she looked out upon the wild grandeur of the scene, closed nearly on all fides by alpine steeps, whose tops, peeping over each other, faded from the eye in misty hues, while the pro( () promnontories below were dark with woods, that swept down to their base, and stretched along the narrow valleys. The rich pomp of thetf woods was particularly delightful to Emily; and lfie viewed with astonishment the fortifications of the castle spreading along a vast extent of rock, and now partly in decay, the grandeur of the ramparts below, and the towers and battlements and various features of the fabric above. From these her sight wandered over the cliffs and woods into the valley, along which foamed a broad and rapid fiream, Teen falling among the crags of an opposite mountain , now flashing in the sunbeams, and now shadowed by over arching pines, till it was entirely concealed by their thick foliage. Again it burst from beneath this darkness in one broad sheet of foam, and fell thundering into the vale, Nearer, towards the west, opened the mountain vista, w: : ich Emily had viewed with fuclh sublime emotion, on her approach to the castle: a thin dusky vapour, that rose fromn the ( 212) the valley, overspread its features with a sweet obscurity . As this ascended and caught the sunbeams, it kindled into a crimson tint, and touched with exquisite beauty the woods and cliffs, over which it passed to the summit of the mountains ; then, as the veil drew up, it was delightful to watch the gleaming objects, that pro. greflively disclosed themselves in the val. lay the green turf dark woods little rocky receffes a few peasants' huts the foaming ftream a herd of cattle, and va. rious images of pastoral beauty. Then, the pine forefts brightened, and then the broad breast of the mountains , till, at length, the mist fettled round their summit, touching them with a ruddy glow. The features of the vista now appeared difin&ly, and the broad deep ihadows, that fell from the lower cliffs, gave strong effect to the streaming splendour above; while the mountains , gradually finking in the perspective, appeared to thelve into the Adriatic sea, for such Emily imagined to be the 'gleam ( 213) gleam of blueilh light, that terminated the view. Thus (he endeavoured to amuse her fancy, and was not unsuccessful. The breezy frelhnefs of the morning, too, revived her. She raised her thoughts in prayer, which the felt always most disposed to do, when viewing the sublimity of nature, and her mind recovered its strength. When she turned from the casement, her eyes glanced upon the door she had so carefully guarded, on the preceding night, and the now determined to examine whither it led; but, on advancing to remove the chairs, (he perceived, that they were already moved a little way. Her surprise cannot easily be imagined , when, in the next minute, the perceived that the door was fattened. she felt, as if ihe had seen an apparition. The door of the corridor was locked as (he had left it, but this door, which could be secured only on the outside, must have been bolted, during the night. She became seriously uneasy at the thought ( 214) thought of sleeping again in a chamber, thus liable to intrusion, so remote, too, as it was from the family, and The determined to mention the circumstance to Madame Montoni, and to request a change. After some perplexity the sound her way into the great hall, and to the room, which (he had left, on the preceding night, where breakfast was spread, and her aunt was alone, for Montoni had been walking over the environs of the castle, examining the condition of its fortifications, and talking for some time with Carlo. Emily obfervej, that her aunt had been weeping, and her heart fofcened towards her, with an assec tion, that fheweditfeif in her manner, rather than in words, while (he carefully avoided the appearance of having noticed, that she was unhappy. She seized the opportunity of Montoni's absence to mention the circumstance of the door, to request that ihe might be allowed another apartment, and to inquire again, concerning the occasion of their sudden journey. On the first sub jeer ( i -) jet her aunt referred her to Montoni, positively refusing to interfere in the affair; or the last, the professed utter ignorance. Emily, then, with a wish of making her aunt more reconciled to her situation, praised the grandeur of the castle and the surrounding scenery, and endeavoured to soften every unpleasing circumstance attending it. But, though misfortune had somewhat conquered the asperities of Madame Montoni's temper, and, by increasing her cares for herself, had taught her to feel in rome degree for others, the capricious love of rule, which nature had planted and habit had nourished in her heart, was not subdued. She could not now deny herself the gratification of tyrannising over the innocent and helpless Emily, by attempting to ridicule the taste she could not feel. Her satirical discourse was, however, in. terrupted by the entrance of Montoni, and her countenance immediately assumed a mingled expression of fear and refenrmenr, while he feaced himself at the breakfast table, ( 6-) table, as if unconscious of there being any person but himself in the room. Emily, as (he observed him in silence, saw, that his countenance was darker and sterner than usual. " O could I know," said she to herself, "