i' I shall conitantly watch the sunset, and I (half be happy in the belief, that your eyes are fixed upon the same object with mine, and that our minds are converting. You know not, Emily, the. comfort ( 7) comfort I promise myself from there moments; but I trust you will experience it." It is unnecessary to say with what emotion Emily, on this evening, watched the declining fun, over a long extent of plains, on which, ihe saw it set without interruption, and fink towards the province which Valancourt inhabited. After this hour her mind became far more tranquil and resigned, than it had been, since the marriage of Montoni and her aunr. During several days the travellers journeyed over the plains of Languedoc; and then entering Dauphiny, and winding for some time among the mountains of that ro. mantic province, they quitted their carriages and began to ascend the Alps. And here such scenes of sublimity opened upon them as no colours of language muf dare to paint! Emily's mind was even so much engaged with new and wonderful images, that they sometimes baniihed the idea of Valancourt, though they more frequently B 4 revived revived it. These brought to her recot letion the profpecs among the Pyrenees, which they had admired together, and had believed nothing could excel in grandeur. How often did fie with to express to him the new emotions which this astonishing - scenery awakened, and that he could partake of them! Sometimes too fie endeavoured to anticipate his remarks, and almost imagined him present. She seemed to have arisen into another world, and to have left every trifling thought, every trifling sentiment, in that below; those only of grandeur and sublimity now dilated hep mind, and elevated the affecions of her heart. With what emotions of fublifnity, softened by tenderness, did she meet Valancourt in thought, at the customary hour of sunset, when, wandering among the Alps, she watched the glorious orb fink amid their summits, his last tints die away on their snowy points, and a solemn obscurity steal over the scene! And when the last gleam had (9) had faded, she turned her eyes from the west with somewhat of the melancholy regret that is experienced after the departure of a beloved friend; while these lonely feelings were heightened by the spreading gloom, and by the low sounds, heard only' when darkness confines attention, which make the general stillness more impressive leaves Ihook by the air, the last sigh of the breeze that lingers after sunset, or the murmur of diitant streams. During the first days of this journey among the Alps, the scenery exhibited a wonderful mixture of solitude and inhabitation, of cultivation and barrenness. On the edge of tremendous precipices, and within the hollow of the cliffs, below which the clouds often floated, were seen villages, spires, and convent towers; while green pastures and vineyards spread their hues at the feet of perpendicular rocks of marble, or of granite, whose points,, tufted with alpine shrubs, or exhibiting only massy crags, rose above each other,, till they ter B 5 minated ( IO) minated in the fnow topped mountain , whence the torrent fell, that thundered along the valley. The snow was not yet melted on the summit of Mount Cenis, over which the travellers passed; but Emily, as she looked upon its clear lake and extended plain, surrounded by broken cliffs, saw, in imagination , the verdant beauty it would exhibit when the snows should be gone, and the Ihepherds, leading up the midsummer flocks from Piedmont, to pasture on its flowery summit, should add Arcadian si gures to Arcadian landscape. As the descended on the Italian fide, the precipices became frill more tremendous, and the prospects frill more wild and majestic, over which the shifting lights threw all the pomp of colouring. Emily delighted to observe the snowy tops of the mountains under the pafling influence of the day, blushing with morning, glowing with the brightness of noon, or just tinted with the purple evening. The haunt of man coujl now ( II) now only be discovered by the simple hut of the ihepherd and the hunter, or by the rough pine bridge thrown across the torrent, to assist the latter in his chase of the chamois over crags where, but for this vestige of man, it would have been believed only the chamois or the wolf dared to venture. As Emily gazed upon one of there perilous bridges, with the catarat. foaming beneath it, some images came to her mind, which Ihe afterwards combined in the following STORIED SONNET. The weary traveller, who, .all night long, Has climbed among the Alps' tremendous steeps, Skirting the pathless precipice, where throng Wild forms of danger; as he onward creeps If,, chance, his anxious eye at difance sees The mountain fhepherd solitary home, Peeping from forth the moon illumined trees, What fudden.tranfports to his bosom come !: But, if between some hideous chasm yawn, Where the cleft pine a doubtful bridge displays, In dreadful silence, on the brink, forlorn He hands, and views in the faint rays B ·6 Far, ( i2) Far, far below, the torrent's rising surge, And listens to the wild impetuous roar; Still eyes the depth, still shudders on the verge, Fears to return, nor dares to venture over. Desperate, at length the tottering plank he tries, His weak steps slide, he shrieks, he finks he dies! Emily, often as she travelled among the clouds, watched in silent awe their billowy surges rolling below; sometimes, wholly closing upon the scene, they appeared like a world of chaos, and, at others, spreading thinly, they opened and admitted partial catches of the landfcape the torrent, whoie astounding roar bad never failed, tumrn bling down the rocky charm, huge cliffs white with snow, or the dark summits of the pine forests, that firetched midway down the mountains . But who may describe her rapture, when, having passed through a sea of