guard the entrance of Italy. Emily was often elevated, but seldom felt those emo; tions of indescribable awe , which fle had so continually experienced, in her passage over: the Alps. Towayds thee cdoe. : o day, the road wound into a deep valley. Mountains , whose shaggy steeps appeared to be inaccessible, almo(t furrounrded it. To the east, a vista opened, that' exhibited the : Apennines in their darkest horrors ; and the log per fpectivc of retiring fumtnits, riling: over each other, their ridges clothed with pines, exhibited a fironger image of grandeur, than any that Emily had yet seen. The fun had jut stunk below the top of the mountains she was descending, whose long (hadow stretch. ed athwart the valley, but his Hoping rays, Ihooting through an opening of the cliffs, touched with : a .yellow gleam the fumr mits of the forest, - that' hung upon the op. pofite steeps, and ftreaned in full splendour upon the towers and: battlements of a castle, that spread its extensive ramparts ol. i1. I along ( 70) along the brow of a precipice above. The splendour of these illumined objecs was heightened by the contrasted shade, which involved the valley below. "There," said Montoni, speaking for the first time in several hours, " is Udol. ph10." Emily gazed with melancholy awe upon the castle, which (he understood to be Montoni's; for, though it was now lighted up by the setting fun, the gothic greatness of its features, and its mouldering walls of dark grey stone, rendered it a gloomy and sublime object. As (he gazed, the light died away on its walls, leaving a melancholy purple tint, which spread deeper and deeper, as the thin vapour crept up the mountain , while the battlements above were still tipped with splendour. From those too, the rays soon faded, and the whole edifice was invested with the folemrn dulki ness of evening. Silent, lonely and sublime , it teemed to fiand the sovereign of the scene, and to frown defiance on all, who dared ( 17t) dated to invade its solitary reign. As the twilight deepened, its features became more awful in obscurity , and Emily continued to gaze, till its clufcering towers were alone seen, rising over the tops of the woods, beneath whose thick fiade the carriages soon after began to ascend. The extent and darkiefs of these tall woods awakened terrific images in her mind, and the almost expected to see ban. ditti start up from under the trees. At length, the&carriages emerged upon a heathy rock, and, soon after, reached the castle gates, where the deep tone of the portal bell, which was ftiuck upon to give notice of their arrival, increased the fearful emo. tions, that had assailed Emily. While they waited till the servant within should come to open the gates, fly anxiously surveyed the edifice: but the gloom, that overspread it, allowed her to distinguish little more than a part of its outline, with the massy walls of the ramparts, and to know, that it was vast , ancient and dreary. From the I z parts ( 17) parts she saw, The judged of the heavy strength and .etent of the whole. The gateway before her, leading into the courts, was of gigantic size, and was defended by two round towers, crowned by overhanging turrets, embattled, where, instead of banners, now waved long grass and wild plants, that had taken root among the mouldering frones, and which seemed to sigh, as the breeze rolled past, over the desolation around them. The towers were united by a curtain, pierced and embattled also, below which appeared the pointed arch of an huge portcullis, surmounting the: gates: from there, the walls of the ramparts extended to other towers, overlooking the precipice, whose llattered outline, appearing on a gleam, that lingered in the west, told of the ravages of war. Beyond these all was lost in the obscurity of evening. While Emily gazed with awe upon the scene, footifeps were heard within the gates, and the undrawing of bolts; after which all ( 173) anancient servant of the castle appeared, forcing back the huge folds of the portal, it admit his lord. As the carriage wheels rolled heavily under the portcullis, Emily's heart sunk, and she seemed, as if flhe was going into her prison; the gloomy coulit, into which fie passed, served to confirmnthe idea, and her imagination , ever awake to circuimftnce, suggested even more terrors , than her reason could justify. Another gate delivered them into the second court, grafs grown, and more wild than the first, where, as (le surveyed through the twilight its deolatiion its loftyt walls, overtopt with briony, moss and nightshade, and the embattled towers that rose above, long suffering and murder came to her thoughts. One of those instantaneous and unaccountable convi&ions, which sometimes conquer even strong minds, impressed her with its horror . The sentiment was not diminished, when fie entered an extensive gothic hall, cbfcured by the gloom I 3 of ( 74) of evening, which a light, glimmering at a distance through a long perspective of arches, only rendered more ttriking. As a servant brought the lamp nearer, partial gleams fell upon the pillars and the pointed arches, forming a strong contrast with their iha. dows, that ifretched along the pavement and the walls. The sudden journey of Montoni had prevented his people from making any other preparations for his reception, than could be had in the short interval, since the arrival of the servant, who had been sent forward from Venice; and this, in some measure, may account for the air of extreme desolation, that everywhere appeared. The servant, who came to light Montoni, bowed in silence, and the muscles of his countenance relaxed with no symptom of joy. Montoni noticed the salutation by a slight motion of his hand, and passed on, while his lady, following, and looking round with a degree of surprise and discontent, which fle (; 75) (he seemed fearfal of