love thy guide her beaming far! To ( 23%) To a warm imagination , the dubious forms, that float, half veiled in darkness, as ford a higher delight, than the most dif tine scenery, that the fun can Show. While the fancy thus wanders over landscapes partly of its own creation, a sweet complacency steals upon the mind, and Refines it all to subtlest feeling, Bids the tear of rapture roll, The distant note of a torrent, the weak trembling of the breeze among the woods, or the sar oss sound of a human voice, now lost and heard again, are circumstances which wonderfully heighten the enthusiastic tone of the mind. The young St. Foix, who saw the presentations of a fervid' fancy, and felt whatever enthusiasm could suggest, ' ometimes interrupted the silence, which the rest of the party seemed by mutual content to preserve, remarking and. pointing out to Blanche the most striking effect of the hour upon the scenery; while Blanche, whose apprehensions were. beguiled by ( 23!) by the conveifation of her lover, yielded to the taste so congenial to his, and they converted in a low restrained voice, the es febt of the pensive tranquillity, which twilight and the scene inspired, rather thanof any fear, that they should be heard. Burr, while the heart was thus toothed to tenderness, St. Foix gradually mingled, with his admiration of the country, a mention of his affetion; and he continued to speak, and Blanche to listen, till the mountains , the woods, and the magical illusions of twilight were remembered no more. The shadows of evening soon shifted to the gloom of night, which was somewhat anticipated by the vapours, that, gathering fast round the mountains , rolled in dark wreaths aloig their fides; and the guides proposed to rest, till the moon should rise, adding, that they thought a itorm was coming on. As they looked round for a spot, that might afford some kind of shelter, an object was perceived obscurely through the dusk, on a point of rock, a little way down ( 232) down the mountain , which they imagined to be a hunter's or a shepherd's cabin, and the party, with cautious steps, proceeded towards it. Their labour, however, was not rewarded, or their apprehensions soothed for, on reaching the objet of their search, they discovered a monumental cross, which marked the spot to have been polluted by murder. The darkness would not permit' them to read the inscription; but the guides knew this to be a cross, raised to the memory of a Count de Beliard, who had been murdered here by a horde of banditti, that had infested this part of the Pyrenees, a few years before; and the uncommon size of the monument seemed to justify the supposition, that it was erected for a person of some difindtion. Blanche shuddered, as lhe liffened to some horrid particulars of the Count's fate, which one of the guides related in a low, refrained tone, as if the sound of his own voice frightened him; but, while they lingered at the cross, attending ( 233) tending to his narrative, a flash of lightning glanced upon the rocks, thunder muttered at a distance, and the travellers, now alarmed, quitted this scene of solitary horror , in search of Ihelter. Having regained their former track, the guides, as they passed on, endeavoured to interest the Count by various stories of robbery, and even of murder, which had been perpetrated in the very places they muff unavoidably pass, with accounts' of their own dauntless courage and wonderful escapes. The chief guide, or rather he, who was the most completely armed, drawing forth one of the four pistols, that were tucked into his belt, swore, that it had shot three robbers within the year. He then brandished a clafp.knife of enormous length, and was going to recount the wonderful execution it had done, when St Foix, perceiving, that Blanche was terri sied, interrupted him. The Count, meanwhile, secretly laughing at the terrible his. tories and extravagant boastings of the man, resolved ( 234) resolved to humour him, and, telling Blanche in a whisper, his design, began to recount omne exploits of his own, which infinitely exceeded any related by the guide. Io there furprigng circumstances he so artfully gave the colouring of truth, that : the courage of the guides was visibly assec ed by them, who continued silent, long as. ter the Count had ceased : to speak. The loquacity of the chief hero. thus laid asleep, the vigilance of his eyes and ears seemed more thoroughly awakened, for he listened, with much appearance of anxiety, to the deep thunder , which murmured at intervals, and often paused, as the breeze, that was now rising, ruffed among the pines. But, when he made a sudden halt before a tuft of cork trees, that projeaed over the road, and drew forth.a pistol, before he would venture to brave the banditti which might lurk behind it, the Count could no longer refrain from laughter. Having now, however, arrived at a level spot, ( ~35) spot, somewhat flleltered from the air, by overhanging cliffs and by a wood of larch, that rose over a precipice on the left, and the guides being yet ignorant how far they were from the inn, the travellers determined to rest, till the moon should rise, or the fform'difperfe. Blanche, recalled to a fetfe ds the present moment, looked on the surrounding gloom, ' with terror ; but giving her hand to St. Foix, She alighted, and the whole party entered a kind of cave, if such it could be called, which was only a shallow cavity, formed by the curve of impending rocks. A light being struck, a fire was kindled, whose blaze afforded some degree of cheerfulness and. no small comfort, for, though the day had been hot, the night air of this mountainous region was chilling; a fire was partly necessary also to keep off the wolves, with