tide retires, for ihrimps, young crabs, and other minute fifnes, or rather sea infeas, which the waves leave. Henrietta. And where do they find trees to build their nests upon? m rs. ffoodfield. Do all birds then build on trees? leknrictta. Yes, I believe so. Mirs. Woodfield. You have already forgotten then, that larks build on the ground, swallows under the 'eaves of houses, and fand martins, as well as some other birds, in the holes of rocks or or negleted buildings. Sea birds build in the chasms of the cliffs; so do the daws which we hear cawing above our heads; but these choose only the highest chalky rocks, where they hope, but in vain, to be secure from the cruel and useless robberies of man. Henrietta. Why surely, mamma, it is not possible for anybody to take them' from thence. Mrs. fvoodfield. One would believe so; but I have often shuddered to see, a party of boys engaged in the perilous exploit of robbing there nests. They fasten a slick horizontally to a rope, which two or three of them secure to the top of the rock by means of a strong flake or an iron crow; one of them gets astride on the slick, and is let down the fide of the cliff, to which he clings with his hands and knees; the breaking or giving way of the rope, or one false itep, would precipitate him many fathoms thorns on a mars of flints, where he must be dashed into a thousand pieces. Yet this hazard these unthinking creatures incur for a prize so worthless, that when they have got the miserable nefl lings, they sell them to the first passenger they meet for an halfpenny, or, in default of finding a purchaser, wring their necks off but too striking a resemblance has Jftch folly to, many of the pursuits that engage creatures wiser than there poor fiflermen's boys But remark the porpuffes; I see three of them playing near the boats: I believe we shall have a storm this evening; there is every prognostic of it on the sea, besides the appearance of those fish, which always denote it. We had better not go farther, as these squalls from the lea, at this time of the year, are sudden and violent. Elizabeth, can you recollea no description of the lea which you have read lately? Elizabelli Elizabeth. I believe I can; it is in Cowper. Mrs. wjoodfield. Repeat it. "Ocean exhibits, fathomless and broad, "Much of power and majesty of God; i Hc fwathcs about the swelling of the deep, " That shines and rests, as infantsfinile and "sleep. " Vat as it is, it answers, as it flows, " The breathings of the lightet air that "blows; "Curling and whitening over all the waste, "The riling waves obey th' increasing blast, "Abrupt and horrid as the tempest roars, " Thunders and flash upon the ftedfat shores, " Till he that rides the whirlwind checks the "rein, "Then all the world of waters sleeps again." Before they could reach their lodgings the wind rose, and dark clouds gathered over the sea, while the tops of the waves began to curl and whiten, as they rolled toward the shore; and, as the clouds were swiftly driven along, the the sea in rome places assumed a deep green hue, and in others a dull purple; the sea birds forsook their fishing, and 'flew, * shrieking, towards their rocky asylums. This continued without much increate, however, till the fun sunk, fiery and Hlalf obscured by brow. and purple spots and wandering clouds, beneath the horizon, tinging the air with that red and lurid appearance which always foretells violent winds. It was not yet, however, so strong, but that Mrs. Woodfield and her children determined on taking their short evening's walk. Early in the morning, the fishermen of the village, which possessed only ten or twe!ve boats, had gone out in pursuit of herrings and whitings. Before noon, their little vessels, the white sails appearing like feathers on the broad blue sea, had been almofi invisible, from the distance they had gained; and soon as terwards terwards they were out of sight. The wind was against their returning, andes the storm came on, their mothers and wives were assembled on the high' grounds, in hopes of diftinguilhing their returning sails. i: Ls. Woodfield, who, from the conversation of the old men on fhlore,. and the anxiety they expressed, began to feel very apprehensive for the mariners of the 'village,; defied the. increasing wind, which now blew a!mbof an hurricane, to go to an height above, from whence, with a finall telescope she had, The was in hopes of discovering their distant boats; but darkness and tempest scowled over the lea, and it appeared as if the two elements of fire and water were mingling together in dreary confusion. The women now surrounded her, some exprefing their apprehensions in terms bs exaggerated terror , and' others. endeavouring to appear more vol,, I[. E couray courageous, and relating how on such and such a night they were sure the form was worse, and yet no harm came of it. Being too little versed in this matter to be able to afford comfort to the anxious group, Mrs. Woodfield and her family retired to their small lodging, but were soon alarmed by the increasing violence of the tempes. Tremendous thunder now seemed to rival the fury of the winds; and floods of fire mingled with the rain, that drove in torrents so violent, that it seemed as if the sea irfelf were ruining on the land. Could the danger of the poor men who were out, and the agonies of the women who belonged to them, have been a moment dismissed from her mind, there would have been something of sublime horror in this war of elements. But her solicitude for thete unhappy people suffered her not to feel any any other sensations than