from Emily's mind the glooms of fuperlition, but not those of apprehenfon. The Count Morano was the first image, that occurred to her waking thoughts, and then came a train of anticipated evils, which she could neither conquer, or avoid. She rose, and, to relieve her mind from the busy ideas, that tormented it, compelled herself to notice external objecas. From her casement she looked out upon the wild grandeur of the scene, clofd nearly on all fides by alpine steeps, whole tops, peeping over each other, faded from the eye in misty hues, while the promontories below were dark with woods, that swept down to their bale, and itretched along the narrow valleys. The rich pomp of these woods was particularly delightful to ( 3') to Emily; and ihe viewed with aftoniflhment the fortifications of the castle spreading along a vast extent of rock, and now partly in decay, the grandeur of the ramparts below, and the towers and battlements and various features of the fabric above. From these her sight wvandered over the cliffs and woods into the valley, along which foamed a broad and rapid stream seem falling among the crags of an opposite mountain , and now fla/hing in tile tun beamns, and now flhadowed by over arching pines, till it wns entirely concealed by their thiick foliage. Again it burrt from beneath this darkness in one broad heet of foam, and fell thundering into the vale. Nearer, towards the west, opened the moun tain vifta, which Emily had viewed with such sublime emotion, on her approach to the castle: a thin duflky vapour that rose from the valley, overspread its features with a sweet obscurity . As this ascended and caught the sunbeams, it kindled into a crimson tint, and touched with exquisite beauty the woods and cliffs, over which it patr ed to the fammit of the mountains ; then, as the veil drew up, it was delightful, to watch the gleaming objets, that progressively disclosed themselves in the valley the green turf dark woods little rocky receffes a few peasants' huts the foaming ftream a herd of cattle, and various images of pas toralbeauty. Then the pine forefis brightened, and then the broad breast of the mountains , till, at length the miss fettled round their fuilmmit, touching them with a ruddy glow. The features of the vista now appeared diftintly, and the broad deep shadows, that fell from the lower cliffs, gave strong effnet to the streaming splendour above, while thile mountains , gradually finking in the perfpeative, appeared to flhelve into the Adriatic Tea, for such Emily imagined to be the gleam of blueiih light, that terminated the view. Thus flhe endeavoured to amuse her fancy, and was not unsuccessful. The breezy freshness of the C 4 morning, / 32 ' incrnung, too, revived her. She railed her thoughts in prayer, which The felt always mofit disposed to do, when viewing the sublimity oanature, and her mind recovered its strength. When she turned from the casement, her eyes glanced upon the door she had so carefully guarded, en the preceding night, and flhe now determined to examine whither it led; but on advancing to remove the chairs, she perceived, that they were already moved a little way. Her surprise cannot easily be imagined , when, in the next minute she perceived that the door was fartened. she felt, as if she had seen an apparition. The door of the corridor was left as she had locked it, but this door, which could be secured onl, on the outside, must have been bolted, during the night. She became seriously uneasy at the thought of sleeping again in a chamber, thus liable to intruion, so remote, too, as it was from the family, and he determined to mentidn the circumstance to Madame Montoni, and to request a change. After some perplexity ihe found her way into the great hall, and to the room, which ihe had left, on the preceding night, where breakfast was spread, and her aunt was alone, for Montoni had been walking over the environs of the castle, examining the condition of its fortifications, and talking for same time with Carlo. Emily observed that her aunt had been weeping, and her heart softened towards her, with an affecion that showed itself in her manner, rather than in words, while she carefully avoided the appearance of having noticed, that The was unhappy. She seized, the opportunity of Montoni's absence to mention the circumstance about the door, to request that he might be allowed another apartment, and to inquire again, concerning the occasion of their fuddtn journey. On the first subjet her aunt referred her to Montoni, positively refuting to interfere in the afthir; on the last, The professed utter ignorance. Emily, C 33 )' Emily, then, with~a witih of making'her aunt more reconciled to her situation, praised the grandeur of the cartle and the surrounding scenery, and endeavoured to soften' every unpleasing circumstance attending it. But though misfortune had something conquered the asperities of Madame Montoni's temper, and, by increasing her cares for herself, had taught her to feel in Tome degree for others, the capricious. love of rule, which nature had planted' and'habit had nourished in her heart, was not subdued. She could not now deny herself the gratification of tyrannising over the innocent and helpless Emily, by attempting: to ridicule the taste lhe could not feel: Her satirical discourse was, however, interrupted by thle entrance of Montoni, and her countenance immediately assumed a mingled expression of fear and resentment, while he seated himself at the breakfaftr table, as if unconfcious of there being any perfolh 'but himself in the room. Emily, as flue observed him in silence, saw, that his countenance was darker and fternmr than usual, " 0 could I know," said file to herself, " whac passes in that mind; could i.know the thoughts, that are known there,,! fhiould no longer be condemned to this torturing suspense !" Their breakfast passed in silence,