among broken cliffs, till its waters, reaching the bottom, foamed along with unceasing fury; and sometimes pastoral scenes exhibited their " green delights" in the narrow vales, feiling amid surrounding horror . There herds and flocks of goats and sheep, browsing under the shade of hanging woods, and the hepherd's little cabin, reared on the margin of a clear fiream, presented a sweet picure of repose. Wild and romantic as were there scenes, their character had far less of the sublime , than had those of the Alps, which guard the entrance of Italy. Emily was often elevated, 'but seldom felt those emotions of indescribable awe , which fie had so continually experienced, in her passage. over the Alps. B 4 Towards( () tow.vards the ciofe of day, the road wound into a deep valley. Mountains , whole flaggy steeps appeared to be inaccessible, alnoft surrounded it. To the east, a villa opened, that exhibited the Appen nines in their darkest horrors ; and the long per fptcive of retiring fommirs, - rising over each other, their ridges clothed with pines, exhibited a stronger image of grandeur, than any that Emily had yet seen. The fun had just sunk below the top of the monntains she was descending, whose long shadow strezched athwart the valley, but his ioping rays, fihoc: ing thrcugh an opening of the cliffs, touched .with a yellow gleam the summits of the forel, that hung upon the oppofire sleeps, and isreamed in full fplndonr upon the towers and battlements of.a cafrle, that spread its extensive ramparts along the brow of a precipice above. The fpleudour of these illumined objects was heightened by the contrailed ihade, which involved the valley below. "theref"faid Mirtoni, fpeakitdg for the first i;. III fwver1 bhtsi, " - t.ud ' ipa. Emily gazed with melancholy awe upon the castle, which ihe understood to be Montoni's; for, though it was now lighted up by the setting fun, the gothic greatness of its features, and is mouldering walls of dark grey stone, rendered it a gloomy and sublime objea. As Ihe gazed, the light died away on its walls, leaving a melancholy purple tint, which spread deeper and deeper, as the thin vapour crept up the mountain , while the battlements above were still tipped with splendour. From those too, the rays soon faded, and the whole edifice was invested with the solemn duskiness of evening. Silent, lonely and sublime , it seemed to stand the sovereign of the scene, and to frown defiance on all, who dared to invade its solitary reign. As the twilight deepened, its features became more awful in obfcu ity, and Emily continued to gaze, till its clustering towers (9) towers were alone seen, ri'firig over tile tops 'of tie woods, beneath whose thick Ihade the carriages soon after began to afcenj. The extesit and 'darkriefs of these' tall woods awakened terrific images in her mind, and fihe allmoft expeaed to feb a banditi start up froim under tile. trees. At length, the carriages emerged upon a heathy rock,. and, soon after, reached the castle gates, where the deep tone of the portal bell, which was struck upon to give notice of their arrival, in - the fearful emotions, that had aftailed Emily. While they waited till the servant within fllould come to open the gates, file anxiously surveyed the edifice: but the gloom, that overspread it, allowed her to diftinguiflh little more than a part of its outline, with the maflfy walls of the ramparts, and to know, that it was vast , ancient and dreary. From the parts the saw, fle judged of the heavy itrength and extent of the whole.. The gateway before her, leading into the courts, was of gigantic size; and was defended by two round towers, crowned by overhanging turrets, embattled, .where, instead of banners, now waved long grass and wild plants, that " had taken root among the mouldering stones, and which seemed to sigh, as the breeze rolled palt, over the desolation. around them. The towers were united by a curtain, pierced and embattled also, below which appeared the pointed arch of an huge portcullis, ifurmounting the gates: from there, the walls of the ramparts extended to other towers, over looking thli'precipice, whose shattered out line, appearing on a gleanh that lingered in the west, told of the ravages of war.: -- eyond these all was lost in the obscurity of evening. While Emily gazed with awe upon the scene, footsteps were heard within the gates, and the undrawing of bolts; after which an ancient servant of the castle appeared, forcing back ihe huige folds of b5 thc. ( io) the portal, to admit his lord. As the carriage wheels rolled heavily under the portcullis, Emily's heart furnk, and fhlie seemed as if she was going into her prison; the gloomy court, into which he passed, served to confirm the idea, and her imagination , ever awake to circumstance, fuggefsed even more terrors , than her reason could justify. Another gate delivered them into the second court, grafs grown, and more wild than the firit, where, as Ihe surveyed through the twilight its desolation its lofty walls, overtopt with briony, moss and night shade, and the embattled towers that rose above, - long suffering and murder came to her thoughts. One ofthofe inltantaneous and unaccountable convictions, which sometimes conquer even strong minds, impressed her.with its horror . The sentiment was not dimini/hed, when she entered an extensive gothic hlall, obfeured by the gloom of evening, which a light, - glimmering at a distance through a long per fpetive of arches, only rendered more striking. As a servant brought the lamp nearer, partial gleams fell upon the pillars and the pointed arches, forming a strong contrail with their shadows, that stretched along the pavnement and the walls. The sudden journey of Montoni had prevented his people from making any other preparations for his reception, than could be had in the short interval, since the arrival of the servant, who had been sent fbrward