great commonwealth; and he adds, such have often been the omens of disasters in our own state. There is great art in this conduct. The true cause of the royal Dane's discontent could not be guessed at: it was a secret which could be only revealed by himself. In the mean time, it was necessary to captivate our attention, by demonstrating, that the poet was not going to exhibit such idle and frivolous gambols as ghosts are by the vulgar often represented torperform. The hifstical testimony, that, antecedent to the death of Cefar, The graves stood tenantless, and the sheeted dead Did Iqueak and gibber in the Roman streets. gives credibility and importance to this phanomenon. Horatio's address to the ghost is brief and pertinent, and the whols purport of it agreeable to the vulgar conceptions of there matters. HORATIO. Stay, illusion! If thou had any sound, or use of voice, Speak to me. If If there be any good thing to bedone, That may to thee do ease, and grace to me, Speak to me If thou art privy to thy country's fate, Which happily foreknowing may avoid, Oh speak! Or, if thou hast uphoarded in thy life Extorted treasure in the womb of earth, For which they say, you spirits oft walk in deth, Speak of it. Its vaniflhing at the crowing of the cock is another circumfitance of the eftablilhed superstition. Young Hamlet's indignation at his mother's hasty and incestuous marriage, his sorrow for his father's death, his charaaer of that prince, prepare the spectator to sympathise with his wrongs and sufferings. The son, as is natural, with much more vehement emotion than Horatio did, addresses his father's (hade. Hamlet's terror , his astonishment , his vehement desire to know the cause of this visitation, are irrefiitibly communicated to the spec. tator by the following speech. HAMLET. Angels and ministers of grace defend us! Be thou a spirit of health, or goblin damned, Bring with thee airs from heaven, or blafis from hell, Be thy intents wicked or charitable, Thou Thou comet in such a quefionable shape, That I will speak to thee. I'll call thee Hamlet, Kirg, father, royal Dane: oh! answer me; Let me not burst in ignorance; but tell, Why thy canonised bones, hearsed in death, Have burti their cearments? Why the sepulchre, bwherein we saw thee quietly inured, Hath oped his ponderous and marble jaws, To caftr thee up again? What may this mean, That thou, dead corpse, again, in complete feel, Revifit'ft thus the glimpses of ihe moon, Making night hideous? Never did the Grecian mule of tragedy relate a tale so full of pity and terror as is imparted by the ghost. Every circun stance melts us with compassion; and with what horror do we hear him say! ghosr. But that I am forbid To tell the secrets of my prifon houfe, I could a tale unfold; whose lightest word Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood, Make thy two eyes, like liars, htart from their spheres, Thy knotted and combined locks to part, And each particular hair to stand on end Like quills upon the fretful porcupine: But this eternal blazon must not be To ears of flesh and blood. All that follows is solemn,, and deeply asseting. Whatever Whatever in Hamlet belongs to the pragternatural is perfectly fine; the rest of the play does not come within the subjet of this chapter. The ingenious criticism on the play of the Tempest , published in the Adventurer, has made it unnecessary to enlarge on thlat admirable piece, which alone would prove our author to have had a fertile, a sublime , and original genius . THE THE TRAGEDY O F M A C B E T H. BH [ i47 ] THE T RAGEDY O F MACBETH. T HIS piece is perhaps one of the greatest exertions of the tragic and poetic powers, that any age, or any country has produced. Here are opened new sources of terror , new creations of fancy. The agency of witches and spirits excites a species of terror , that cannot be effeaed by the operation of human agency, or by any form or disposition of human things. For the known limits of their powers and capacities, set certain bounds to our apprehensions; mysterious horrors , undefined terrors , are raised by the intervention of beings whose nature we do not understand, whose ations we cannot control, H 2 and [ x47 ] THE TRAGEDY O F MACBETH. H IS piece is perhaps one of the greatest exertions of the tragic and poetic powers, that any age, or any country has produced. Here are opened new sources of terror , new creations of fancy. The agency of witches and spirits excites a species of terror , that cannot be effected by the operation of human agency, or by any form or disposition of human things. For the known limits of their powers and capacities, set certain bounds to our apprehensions; mylterious horrors , undefined terrors , are railed by the intervention of beings whose nature we do not understand, whose aations we cannot control, H z and and whose influence we know not how to escape. Here we feel through all the faculties of the soul, and to the utmost extent of her capacity. The apprehenhion of the interposition of such agents, is the most salutary of all fears. It keeps up in our minds a sense of our conneation with awful and invifib!e spirits, to whom our moult secret actions are apparent, and from whose chastisement innocence alone can defend us. From many dangers power will protect; many crimes may be concealed by art and hypocrisy; but when supernatural beings arise, to reveal, and to reve: ge, guilt blushes through her mask, and trembles behind her bulwarks. Shakespeare has been filfficientlyjuftified by th, belt criiics, for availing himself of the jopniar faith in witchcraft; and he is certai.: lys ciefe: fiblc: in this point, as Euripi: ies and other Gieek tragedians, for introducing iupiter,