the descending dews, refrefling the drooping wall, flower, which wildly burst in fragrant clusters through' the creeping ivy, covering the tottering turrets, exhaled the sweetest perfumes. Enrapt with the sublimity of the scene, he past the solitary mouldering hall, and fearless of danger, wandered over fallen pillars, through' a range of Gothic arches, which finking in magnificent decay, appeared to mock the labour and the vanity of man. Finding herself at the entrance of a tim'e demolilied tower, once the famed bulwark'of the Caffle's mighty lord, lhe afcended, and fearing herself pensively on, the corner of a half worn step, enjoyed with sacred calm, a perfet view of the superb ruin . The balmy zephyr scarcely fanned aleaf, - all was serene as infant nature, ere thse guilt of man provoked the threatened torms of Heaven to deform the face of fair creation, only 6 'only the plaintive Philomel, and stock dove, joining the low murmuring breath of nature, trilled their evening notes, softly refponiive to the melancholy of Jennet's heart. It was the hour, the scene of.quiiet 'contemplation, remembered blessings breaking on her mind, in the sweetest accents, she repeated these favourite lines of her regretted benefa&refs. "These are the haunts of meditation, these the scenes where ancient Bards the infpirizng breath ecstatic felt; and from this world, retired, conversed with Angels, and immortal forms on gracious errands. bent, to save the fall of virue struggling on the brink of vice, - to wake in whi/pers, and repeated dreams, - to hint pure thoughts, and warn the favoured soul, for future trials fated to prepare. -" She ceased, interrupted by the sound of approaching feet. l2 She She looked down, and beheld the figure of a man, .advancing at a lingering heavyi pace along the cloisters; his eyes were raised, his hands clafpt, and the moon reflecing on his face diffifed a yet paler horror over sea tures, which appeared distorted by internal agony. Reaching the base of the tower he knelt, deep groans burst from his heart, and in a low anguiihed voice he exclaimed, "Guilt guilt oh guilt, damned fiend! already hafi thou turned this bosom to a hell; I would look up, .but oh, what prayer can expiate still torturing conscience, drear earnest of perdition, thunders to my finking soul. murder murder !murder !-" Horror shook the frame of Jennet, and chilled the current of her blood; and unable to repel some impulsive motion, ihrieking she - he leapt from the tower, and alighted before the still kneelihg figure. Starting on his feet, he gazed wild and ghastly, and with dismal moans retreated, crying, "Back bright spirit, back to thy native Heaven, -- I did not, no I did not muider thee !" Then striking down a dreary passage, appeared a moment after, clambering across the eastern battlements, continuing the most piteous moaning. The soul. of Jennet was harrowed with divided terrors , ' yet she attempted to rise; when a rolling noise, sounding like distant thunder , issued fi-om the earth, and fhooki the place beneath her. The moon was suddenly obscured in deep and awful darkness, the stars sunk .in heavy L 3 condensed condensed clouds, and a mighty wind, rushing through' the hollow caverns with howling blasts, shook the ancient fabric to the foundation. A heavy bell tolled with deep and solemn sound, and the most terrific shrieks,, lamentable groans, burst. from the subterranean cavities of the building. Again Jennet made an effort to leave the baleful spot, but feeble from excess of horror , she staggered and fell on the ftill gitated earth; - immediately it opened wide before her, when a figure ascended, which flow and gradual rose to a stupendous height, the extended arms lengthened in proportion, and forming a circle, totally enclosed her. The head was large, and almost shapeless; something like a countenance appeared in front, but horrible beyond imagination ; the eyes seemed globes of fire; and the gaping jaws emitted sulphurous flames; the bristled hair hair flood eret; and a vesture which floated' loosely. around the fpeare, represented by pale gleams of light, the forms of every noxious reptile. Jeninet closed her eyes, and would have prayed for deliverance from the God ihe worfhip'd; butwas awfully interrupted by the hollow sighing of the phantom, who in deep and solemn accents, thus addressed her: "Rash, obtruding daughter of mortality, wherefore comet thou to there unfrequented paths, and blood disdained retreats? here tortured spirits walk their nightly rounds, - here wait the melancholy midnight hour, to utter fearful groans, and houl their com. plaints. C Hence then, : and avoid these mouldering ruins ever more; and learn, that nightly escaping from the burning seas of purifying fire, my anguiihed spirit troubles this fe questered spot, and mourns the murderous L 4 deeds deeds that close the gates ofeverlaffing peace and mercy, for a time; and until the ocean renders up its long forgotten dead, and yawning graves give up their sleeping charge; and the bright morn of resurrection dawns, never fiall the once famed Owen of Treval lion find repose." The figure ceased, and large flakes of livid fire fil fearfully around; again the bell tolled dismal, lamentable yells reverberated through' : he ruin , the earth re opened, and the ipeare sunk, uttering the same piercing fnrieks with which it ascended. The bell then ceased, the noise was hushed the stars re glittered, and the moon again illumined the lately troubled spot.. Mean time, horror had done the worst with Jennet; exhausted, and cold as the humid frone on which she reclined, every sense had left, and every power forsook her; motionless she lay for many hours, while the icy dews , dews of midnight nearly chilled the feeble embers of remaining life; and it was not until the cheerful fun, breaking through' the melancholy dawn of opening morn, gladdened creation, and awoke the tuneful 'choir, that fly gazed around, and recollected all the passing shadows of the night, as a fearful dream.