experience, rather let loose thy wrath, and ina imoment reduce.rrie into nothing! ' " Depart' fromn thee'!" Oli! whither mhould I go from thee? " Into " utter darkiiefs?" That makes no : addition' at all to the wiretch's milery 'that: is.banilhed from thy face. As,, that fearful doom, I'ihould' without conitraint' seek' out ffades as dark as hell, 'being' most agreeable to my own. despair, and 'in the horrors 'of eternal' night bewail'the infinite loc. ' '. The remembrance of'that los. happiness would render celeffial day insufferable. The light of paradise could not cheer me without thy fa.: .: the songs of angels would bit heighten my anguish, and torment me 'with a scene of bliss which I must never taste . The sight of thy favourites, : and the glories of thy court;.. would hut excite my envy, and fill me with riadnefs; while I considered myself the objea of thine eternal indignation: nor could all the harmony of heaven allay the horror of that. reflection. The The groans. of the damned; : and the darkness of the infernal cavrns, ' would better suit my grief. There' to the cries of.tornlented ghots, and. to the found' of; eternal tempests , I] slight join my.' wild complaints, and' lament. the loss of infinite bliis;, and. curse my own folly.: hut all the plagues below, if'l might speak my present thoughts, flould not extort a blasphemous refletion on the divine attributes; for I know I deserve eternal r.ifery, and even in hell I think I should. confess thy justice Thy long experienced clemency, I am sure, ought to silence my re rroaches for ever, and to all eternity. leave thee unblemished with the imputation of cruelty. But'oh! whia agonies would the,. remembrance of thy former. favour. excite! What exquisite remorre would it. give me to recall those happy moments, when thou didst' blers nly retired devotions with thy presence? After I have reliflled those. divine entertainments, how bitter would the dfegs of thy wrath be? Whither would thy frowns fink me, d6 after. , .after I have enjoyed the light of thy - countenance! If I must lose. thy favour, oh! let me forget what that word imports, and blot for ever from my remembrance the joys that a sense of thy love has excited : let no trace ofthofe sacred transports be left on my soul. But must I depart from thee into everlaffing fire? Double and dreadful curse! And yet unquenchable flames, and infernal chains, (if I can judge in this life of such awful futurities,) would he less terrible than the sense of those ioft joys. That loss would endure no refletion; the review would be for ever insufferable; the ages of eternity could not diminifl' the exquifite regret; still it would excite new and unutterable anguish, and rack me with infinite despair. Blessed God, pity that soul whose extremelt horror is the doom of an eternal.departure from thee. Draw my spirit into the holiess and the nearest union with thyself. that is possible, while it dwells in this fleflh; and let me here commence that delightful residence and converie with God, God, which nor death, norjudgment shall' ever .destroy, nor shall a long" eterniiy ever put a period to it. XV The glory of GOD in his works of Creation, Providenice, and Re dcbnptin.. Y being immediately flows from thee, and Should I not praise my omnipotent Maker I received the last, breath I drew. from: thee, thou dost fusain my life this, very moment, and the next depends entirely on thy pleasure. It is the dignity of my nature to know, and my happiness to praise and adore my great Origirial. But, oh.! thou supreme of all things, how art thou to be extolled by mortal man? " I say to corruption. Thou art mily father, and to the worms, : ye are my brethren; my 'days are; as a handsbreadth, and my life is nothing before thee; but thou art the same, and thy years never fail. From " everlasting thou art my God," the incomprehensible; the immutable Divinity. The language of paradise, and and the strains of celestial eloquence: 'fall short of thy perfealions; the firff born sons of light lose themselves, in blissful astonishment 'in search of thy excellencies; even the, - with silent ecitacy, adore thee, while thou - art veiled with ineffable splendour. The bright, the blef'ld Divinity is known And comprehended by himself alone. Who can conceive the extent of that power, which out of nothing brought materials for a rising world, and from a gloomy chaos bid the harmonious universe appear? Confusion heard the voice, and wild uproar Stood ruled; flood vast inhnity confin'j. At thy word the pillars of the Iky were framed, and its beauteous arches raised: thy breath kindled the, stars, adorned the moon with silver, rays, and gave the fun its flaming splendour. Thou didst prepare for, the waters their capacious bed, and, by thy power set bounds to the raging billows.' By thee the valleys, were clothed in their flowery pride, and the mountains crowned with groves. groves. In all the wonderful effects of nature, 'we adbre and confefs'thy power; thou utteref : thy Yvoice'. in ' thunder , and dost fcatter'thiy lightning abroad : thou rideft on thi wings of the wind, the mountains finoak and the soress tremble at thy .approch: the. summer and winter, tihe flady night; and the bright revolutions of the day; are thine. These are thy glorious works. Parent os good, .Almighty : - thine.this universal' frame :,.. Thus woialrous they; thyfelfhow wondrous then? But oh! what must thy essential majesty and beauty be, if thou art thus illuitrious in thy works? if the discoveries of thy power and wifdon are thus delightful, how transporting are the manifestations. of thy goodness? From thee everything that lives receives its breath; and by thee are all upheld in life.' Thy! providence reaches the leaf insect, for thou art good; and thy care extends