he wholly indebted to the fecundity of his brilliant imagination , for that vigour, pomp, and, above all, that august character of a dignity and wisdom in which even the rays of the Divinity seem to hine? Let us declare this one truth, which can escape those only who will not see, which is that the sublime thoughts of faith have an astonishing power to confer on great talents the appearance of the marvellous, and to bear true genius to an extraordinary degree of elevation. It is, that Boffiuet contemplated, in the great light of religion, that is to say, from the height even of infinite intelligence, the grand theatre of the world, and the series of the great revolutions of empires; and that, showing us the design of an eternal and profound wisdom, in the midit of those vicissitudes which shake and change the face of the universe, he makes us admire in the picure wherein all the kings doms of the earth, and human events are united in one point of view, a harmony, in which everything moves, claihes, is thrown down and raised up again, * Let us take notice, as we go along, that de ceste force dont il dicrit les meurs, is not French. On dicrit avec force; but we do not say, la froe dont on dfcrit le gouvernement, c. The last phrase in this passage, which is so disagreeable to the ear, is also dificient in exacliefs. We may say, very well, that a writer haspoint el d'imifa teurs, but we cannot say that a discourse n'a en ni imita teuns ni modeles. by 'by divine springs, and wherein all the histories of £ time are but preparatives to the history of eternity, and of the empire which cannot be destroycd, ejfa ' Ilied on tlejfouindation of the apojiles and the Proplets. Montesquieu, when we study and follow him in the work of his profound combinations, presents us at bottom the same soul, the same dignity of mind, as the celebrated bishop of Meaux; that is to say, in both we are struck with that amazing capacity of reafont which embraces everything, and that superiority of intelligence which knows how to assemble and reduce to a simple consequence, interesting for every age, the infinite variety of revolutions dispersed in the immensity of time. montefquieu confined himself to ' the period of human things, and his design did not extend beyond it. But Bossuet had regulated his meditations on a much larger plan; his intention was, if we may use the expression, to join the whlole economy of the present world, to the eternal system of the supreme wildom. the one keeps us circumscribed in the circle of the laws, manners, and passions of mankind, to unveil to us the springs of the great event, to explain to us the formation, growth, decline, and ruin of empires. The other makes us contemplate, in the centre of all, the motion of human interests, and in the great cralh of empires and thrones, which rise, clash, and fall on each other, an invisible and eternal power, which condus in silence, through all these agitations and ' ruins , a design of a superior order; to accomplish which, by a skilful and profound management, all the revolutions and vicissitudes of kingdoms and generations which pass, are instrumental to the increase and glory of that kingdom which shall remain for ever the first never quits the history of governments, to indicate the great shocks that have so often changed the destiny of humankind, but leaves us in the middle of the vast universe, where everything totters and succeeds, without clearing up the final catastrophe of n4 'so-so many various fpe&tacles. The last makes everything fly back to its eternal source, and presents, beyond the limits of time, the ravishing perspective of a fixed and incorruptible world, which 'hall be raised upon the enormous ruins of this globe we inhabit, and where everything (hall be transformed into the splendour and immutability of the infinite Being thus these two geniuses, of which the Auguilan age would be proud, resemble without equalling each other; and eloquence has ' left the palm in the hand of Bossuet. O what fecundity and amplitude does religion give to the mind, which knows how to confider it in the true light of its magnificence and grandeur! no, religion alone can bestow this extraordinary intelligence, elevate genius above itself, and make it launch out of the limits prescribed to whatever is human. It is (he who enlarges every sphere. She alone has the gift of giving life to everything; (he produces prodigies, wherever man suffers her light to shine; fly impresses on all talents, as well as on those of virtue, a supernatural and divine feal, and produces great men as well as great faints.' Let us add also, that the other authors of the last age were particularly indebted to their faith in the Scriptures, and their study of them, for that elevation of sentiment, that filblimity of thought, which we admire in ti.lmaque, in the Penfees de Pascal, in Po lieucte, in Athalie, che who believes neither the existence of God, nor the immortality of the soul, is deprived of everything which can really increase sensibility or exalt imagination . in a word, the study of the Scriptures, though at this time neglected, have produced the finest passages in the works of Fenelon, Bossuet, Racine, and Jean Baptiste Rousseau. Without speaking of Esther and Athalie, Racine has inserted in his other pieces many passages drawn from Scripture; for example, in Phedre, many sublime ideas are found, which are not in Euripides, but which may be be seen in Psalm CXXXIX 7, 8.' Whither shall I go ' then from thy spirit: or whither shall I go then from ' thy presence? If I climb up into heaven, thou art ' there if I go down to hell, thou art there also.' Vol. II p. 80. (12.) Michel Montaigne