is seen to: lose itself, descending beneath vast rocks into tremendous gulfs, and afterwards reappearing, by precipitating iticlf in cascades upon other rocks. After pafling tome days at Geneva, Doralice visitcd the delightful borders of the lake, in order to find a houle to her liking, where ihe might (a) One half of that bridge blongs to Fraice,; : e other half to Savoy. remain; remain; and (he came to a determination to fix her abode at Morges; a pleasant town, and most charmingly situated upon the banks of the Lake, between Lausanne and Geneva. Doralice hired a small house in that agreeable place, the windows of which opened on one fide towards a friling and fertile country, and on the other towards the Lake, and those stupendous mountains by which it is bounded, and whose summits are eternally covered with ice. It is impossible, without feeing them, to form an ideaof these mountains : they present a thousand varying afpees in a day, occasioned by the varying lights which succeed each other. In the morning their rocks and heights are of rose colour, and the hills of ice with which they are clothed seem like transparent clouds. As the fun becomes more ardent, the mountains take a deeper tinge, and are in fuccefiion grey, red, violet, and dark blue. At sunset they feemgilt with gold, and the spectator imagines he beholds enormous masses of the topaz, while his eyes are dazzled with the sparkling brightness of their colours. The Lake ofgenrva presents a variety equally inviting. In a slate of tranquillity, its pure and limpid waters reflet the colours of the sky; but when agitated, it roars like the sea in dreadful majerfy. Tumultuous and peaceable by turns, it attraets, charms, and astonishes the eyes, by appearances continually new. Eglantine was never weary of these ravishing prospects. How insipid, said she, does everything I have hitherto beheld, appear at present? with what indifference should I now look on the environs of Paris, its vaunted gardens, and the same sameness of its ornaments? Henceforth I shall despise their artificial mountains , rocks, and rivers. And had you travelled through Italy, added Doralice, you would despise artificial ruins likewise. It seems to me, said Eglantine, that painters ought not to make land lcapcs, nor poets pastorals, till they have first seen Italy and Switzerland. I am of your opinion, anfwvered Doralice. Auteuil and Charenton may inspire pretty thoughts, but not those sublime ideas which alone can insure immortality. Louis Bakhuifen, a famous Dutch painter (a), exposed his life a thous.nd times in tempests upon the sea, in order to obicrve the agitation of the waves, the shock, and wrecks of veflils upon rocks, and the efforts and terror of the diftraaied mariners. The celebrated Rugendas (b), a painter of battles, was prefentat the siege, bombardment, capture, and pillage of Augsburg, where he often braved death, that he might confider at lcifure the es feds of balls and bombs, and all the horrors of an assault. He has been seen designing in the midst of carnage, and producing drawings executed with as much care as if he had been at cafe in his study. vaid!cr meulen (r) followed Louis XIV in all his wars, drew the plans of (a) lie died in 1c, 9. (b) He died in 174:. Iaving for some timeleti the use of his right hand by a ih.irt, he pra&tiled with his left, and fuccceded to pc: .ftriion. S e -- ex;;, : s .t: .' ffreis ou; r.agestpublieij : a vie: tes P: : hlcs, Du h. M. I). L F. This work is in two volunmes, and muiil ecileemed. C He died at Paris in c.. fortified fortified towns and their environs upon the spot, with the various marches, encampments, halts, and flirmifhes of the army, that he might paint with truth and nature his illtorical picures of that prince. Such is the afivity and courage which a no bte emulation can give; but when the trifling praise of the moment is preferred to this true glory, there is little need of abilities or inftrution to visit, intrigue, cabal, and form parties is far more necessary. There are many who paint and write coldly and unnaturally, consequently ill, - who yet obtain the praise of a day : though indeed, such people generally do justice to themselves in not pushing their ambition further. Eglantine now began to lifien to her mother with unusual delight: formerly insensible to the charms of conversation, her indolence and absence of mind prevented her from joining in it; but her misfortunes had produced an aftoniffing revolution, her character was absolutely changed, she refleced, felt, and enjoyed an inexpressible fatisfaetion atconverfing with her mother. Eager to make some amends for the vexation he had formerly given her by being indolent, The acquired an induptrv which soon became habitual. Reading, drawing, and music employed all her time; and study and work, far .rom being II k some, were her belt am ueinments; delighted and surprised at her own progress, her daily improvement became her daily pleasure. As two people may live in influence upon a thousand crowns (1251.) a year, fle did not even perceive the loss of fortune. Her house was commodious, her apartment charming, she could lit at her table and see the Lake and mountains , and [he file found that profpet could well supply the loss of the insignificant Seine, and the noisy Boulevards. Her table fare was better than in her days of opulence; fruit, game, the delicious dairies of Switzerland, and the excellent fish of the Lake, left her nothing to with. The neighbourhood of Morges and Lausanne likewise as forded that kind of society which is most desirable. In this happy country, which luxury ha not yet corrupted, the purest simplicity of manners reigns, and the women are equally amiable, well informed, and virtuous. Doralice and her daughter often went to Lausanne, where they made an acquaintance with a