fide, "Though' worthless I have been, '" Nor friends, nor wealth, nor'dizen'd bride, Shall ever stand between. " When thou art weary and depressed, "R Il lull thee to thy seep; " And when dark fancies vex thy breast, "I'll sit by thee and weep, " i1' tend thee like a reftpefs child Wherever thy rovings be; f Nor gesture keen, nor eyeball wild, "Shall turn my love from thee, "Night ( Night shall not hang cold over thy head, " And I securely lie;, f Nor drizly clouds upon thee sied, ó' And I in covert dry, f' ll flare the cold blast on the heath, "I'll share thy wants and pain:? Nor friend nor, foe, nor life nor death, <" Shall ever make us twain." THUNDER . T H U N D E r SPIRIT of strength, to whom in wrath 'tis given To mar the earth, and mhake the vasty heaven.:, Behold the gloomy robes, that Spreading hide Thy secret majefry, lo! slow and wide, Thy heavy skirts fail in the middle air, Thy sultry shroud is over the noonday glare: Th' advancing clouds sublimely rolled on high, Deep in their pitchy volumes clothe the Iky: Like hosts of gathering foes arrayed in death, Dread hangs their gloom upon the earth beneath. It is thy hour: the awful deep is ffill, And laid to rest the wind of every hill. Wild creatures of the forest homeward scour,. And in their dens with fear unwonted cow'r, Pride Pride in the lordly palace is forgot; And in the lowly (helter of the cot The poor man sits, with all his fam'ly round, In awful expectation of thy sound. Lone on his way the traveller stands aghast; The fearful looks of man to heaven are cast, When, lo! thy lightning gleams on high, As swiftly turns his startled eye;; And swiftly asthy shooting blaze Each half performed motion stays, Deep awe , all human strife and labour stills, And thy dread voice alone, the earth and heaven fills, Bright bursts the lightning from the cloud's dark womb, As quickly fwallow'd in the closing gloom. The distant streamy flamhes, spread aflance In paler fleetings, Ikirt the wide expanse. Dread flaming from aloft, the cat'raa dire Oft meets in middle space the nether fire. Fierce, Fierce, red, arid ragged, shivering in the atr Athwart mid darknefs ihoots the lengthened glare. Wild glancing round, the feebler lightning plays; The rifted centre pours the general blaze; And from the warring clouds in fiury driven ', Red writhing falls the keen embodied bolt of heaven, From the dark bowels of the burdened cloud Dread swells the rolling peal, full, deepening, loud. Wide rattling claps the heavens fcatter'd over, In gathered strength lift the tremendous roar; With weaning force it rumbles over head, Then, growling, wears away to filence dread, Now waking from afar in doubled might, Slow rolling onward to the middle height; Like crash of mighty mountains downward hurled, Like the upbreaking of a wrecking world, * In poetry we have only to do with appearances; and the zig zag lightning, commonly thought to be the thunder bolt, is certainly firm and embodied, compared to th.ordinary lightning, which takes no difinc ihafe at all. In In dreadful majesty, th' explosion grand Burfis wide, and awful , over the trembling land. The lofty mountains echo back the roar, Deep from afar rebounds earth's rocky fllore; All else existing in the senses bound Is lost in the immensity of sound. Wide jarring sounds by turns in strength convenes And deep, and terrible, the solemn pause between. Aloft upon the mountain's fide The kindled forest blazes wide. Huge fragments of the rugged ifeep Are tumbled to the lathing deep. Firm rooted in the cloven rock, Loud crashing falls the stubborn oak. The lightning keen, in waftefulire, Fierce darting on the lofty spire, Wide rends in twain the ir'n knit' sone, And stately towers are lowly thrown. Wild Wild flames o'erfeour the wide campaign And plough askance the hiffihg main. Nor strength of man may brave the storm, Nor shelter lkreen the Ihrinking form; Nor castle wall its fury stay, Nor mafty gate may bar its way. It visits those of low estate, It thakes the dwellings of the greati. It looks athwart the secret tomb, And glares upon the prison's gloom; While dungeons deep, in unknown light, Flah hidious on the wretches' sight, And lowly groans the downward cell, Where deadly silence wont to dwell. Now upcast eyes to heaven adore, And knees that never bowed before. In stupid wonder flares the child; The maiden turns her glances wild, And And lists to hear the coming roar: The aged shake their locks so hoar: And stoutest hearts begin to sail, And many a. manly cheek is pale; Till nearer closing peals astound, And craihing ruin mingles round; Then 'numbing fear awhile up binds The pausing action of their minds, Till waked to dreadful sense, they lift their eyes, And round the stricken corpse, thrill shrieks of horror rise. Now thinly spreads the falling hail A motly winter over the vale, The hailstones bounding as they fall On hardy rock, or ftorm beat' wall. The loud beginning peal its fury checks, Now full, now fainter, with irreg'lar breaks, Then weak in force, unites the fcatter'd found; And rolls its lengthened grumblings to the diftantbound. I A thick A thick and muddy whiteness clothes the iky, In paler flashes gleams the lightning by; And through' the rent cloud, filver'd with his ray, The fun looks down on all this wild affray; As high enthroned above all mortal ken, A greater Power beholds the strife of men: Yet over the distant hills the darkness scowls, And deep, and long, the parting tempest growls. WIND. WIND. POWER uncontrollable, who boldest thy sway In the unbounded air, whose trackless way Is in the firmament, unknown of sight, Who bend'ft the iheeted heavens in thy might, And lift'ft the ocean from its lowest bed To join