by turns, it atirat's, charms, and astonishes the eye, by ap' pearances continually new. Eglantine was never weary of these ravishing pr'fpet&s. How insipid, 'said fie, does every thinig IHAVE hitherto beheld appear at present, With: what indifference should I now look on the environs of Paris, its vaunted gardens, and the sameness of their alleys and arbours! Henceforth I stall despise artificial mountains , - rocks and rivers. "' .And had you travelled through Italy, added : Doralice, you would have despised artificial ruins likewise. .... --. - - '.. .It V'." '." seems to me, said Eglantine, that painters ought not to make landscapes, nor poets pastorals, till they have first seen 'talyand Switzerland. I am of your opinion, answered Doralice, Au teuil and Charenton may inspire pretty thoughts, but not those sublime ideas which alone can insure immortality. Louis Bakhuifen, a famous Dutch painter (a), exposed his life a thousand times in tempests upon the sea, in order to observe the agitation of the waves, the hock and wrecks of vessels upon rocks, and the efforts and terror of the difiraced mariners. The celebrated Ru gendas (b), a painter of battles, was present at the siege, bombardment, capture, and pillage of Augfburgh, where he often braved death, that he might confider at leisure the effecs of balls and bombs, and all the horrors of an affult. He has been seen designing in the midit of carnage, and: producing drawings executed with as much care as if he had been at ease in his study. Vander Meulen C followed Louis XIV in all his wars, drew the plan of fortified towns and their environs (a) He died in 1709. (b) He died in x74z. Having for some timeloft the ute of his right hand by a hb't, he praafifed with his left, and fucecced to perfection. See exitrds des difirens ouvrages fruijtf.r La zr: des Pdntres, par M. P. D. L F. This work is in two volumes, and much elleemed.. j Eie died at Paris in 1690 , ipen upon the fpet, with the various marches, encampments, halts, and Ikirmifhes of the army, that he might paint with truth and nature his historical piu'res of that prince, Such is the activity and fortitude which a noble emulation can give; but, when the trifling praise of the moment is preferred to this true glory, there is little need of abilities or inftruaion; to visit, intrigue, cabal, and form parties is far more necessary. There are many who paint and write coldly and unnaturally, consequently ill, who yet bbtain the praise of a day, though, indeed, such people generally do justice to themselves in not pushing their ambition further. Eglantine now began to. liten to her mother with unusual delight: formerly, i'nfnfible to the charms of conversation, her indolence and absence of mind prevented her from joining in it; but her misfortunes had produced an aftonihing revolution, her charaser was abfoltely changed, the refleed, felt, and enjoyed an inexpressible fatisfafioaat conversing withr her mother. Eager to make some amends for the vexation ihe had sot. merlygiven her, by being indolent, she acquired an industry which soon became habitual. Reading, drawing, and mufie, employed all her time; and fttdy and work, far from being irksome, were her bei amusements; delighted and'furprized it hex her own progress, her daily improvement became her daily pleasure. -. As two people may live in affluence. upon five hundred crowns (1251.) a year, Ihe did not even perceive the loss of fortune. Her house was commodious, her apartment charming: she could sit at her table and see the Lake and mountains , and fly found that profpet could well supply the loss .of the insignificant Seine, and the noisy Boulevards. Her table fare was better than in her days of opulence; fruit, game, the delicious dairies of Switzerland, and the excellent fish of the : Lake, left her nothing to. wish. The neighbourhood of Morges and Lausanne likewise afforded that.kind offociety which is most desirable. In this happy country, ..whichd luxury: has. not. yet corrupted, the purest simplicity of manners reigns, and the women are equally amiable, well informed, and virtuous. - - '. Doralice and her daughter often went to Lau. fanne, - where they formed an acquaintance with a .young widow, whose name was : fabe!la, .and who added to. all the charms of. a thoufand exterior at tra&ions a delicate, cultivated, and acute understanding, a feeling heart, and all thlfe qualities which are most estimable, and : most engaging, She became befriend of Doralice and Eglantine, x ifited them often at Morges, and went withf them in their'little rambles round Geneva. Sometimes they THE TALES OF THE CASTLE. Io they would take long walks upon the banks of the Lake, at others they would assemble a cho!feri number of their friends, and form a concert, or a bal champetre, beneath foliage decorated witi garlands of natural flowers. Eglantine soon became, by her accomplifhi merits, her good-humour, and her talents, the chief ornament of these little feasts. She was no longer a perfet beauty, but (he pleated a thousand times more than when everybody admired the exat symmetry of ler features, and the fineness of her complexion; she had still a most beautiful shape, and had acquired an elegance and manner which best, can efibellifh a fine form. Her dress always had taste , though not magnificence; She was seen on a first view without astonishment , but the more she was looked at the more the pleated. Her countenance was become expressive, and though she had not those charms which attrac all eyes, she had those which fix them when attrated. Doralice remained eighteen months at' m6rges before she could determine to leave it, and make the'tour of Switzerland, xhioh had always beien parts her plan; but, as .fhewas'deirous of fhewl ing her daughter this intcrefiing country, ihexre solved, at; last, to quit her little house, foeromo time, and her amiable friend Isabella.' .- ' ·*