To cheer the wretch, whom fetters bind, To crush the oppressor's giant crest, To hurl deftrucion on his breast, Amid the spoils his abject soul adores; And trembling earth recoils along her utmost shores. IL. What form is that, half hid in air, Round whose pale brow the torrents roar? rtis Freedom! mark her deep despair; She points to Afric's bleeding shore. Hark! what a groan with horror wild, I see the mother clasp her child; "( My son, my son !" she madly cries -- Spare, monsters, spare her agonies. Too late, for, rapid, to the vessel's fide She flies, and, plunging, finks beneath the billowy tide.. IV Proceed unmoved, ye men of blood! Your course along the waters urge; No winds shall vex the unruffled flood, Nor toss on high the deafening surge. Now, for your happy homes prepare; But, curb your joy, I meet you there. Then, as your friends, your infant race, Ruth wildly to your fond embrace, Before your eyes a ghastly form shall stand, And over her infant weep, and wave her beckoning hand: V Fierce through' the desert's frightful sand, When Cancer rules the burning day, The Arab leads his daring band, Exulting on their perilous way. " Prepare," he cries, " prepare for war: "Mark yonder sandy cloud afar; "We share the blood, we Thare the toil; "And we (hall share the glorious spoil; "Collet your courage, now the foe is nigh; " Viaorious, we return; subdued, revenge and die." C 5 Vy. But, vengeful, on the rushing wind, I come to toss the sandy waves; To whelm the spoilers of their kind, Inglorious, in untimely graves. Yon livid flame, that flings on high Its terrors through' the reddening tky; Glares on your van, in awful frate, The herald of impending fate. I fpeak the suffocating blast descends In clouds of fluid fire; and nature's conflia ends. VIL Where the wild ocean's heaving waves Boil round Magellan's stormy coast; When long and loud the tempelt raves, I mark the training vessel toft, By night along unfathomed seas, I see the living current freeze; As horror grasps each fainting form, High mid the fury of the storm; Till the tail masts in fcatter'd fragments lie, And, plunged amid the surge, the sufferers fink, and die.. VIII Soft be your bed, and sweet your rest,. Ye luckless tenants of the deep! And, over each cold and firoudlefs brealf,. May spirits of the waters weep! And still, when awful midnight reigns, My harp stall join in solemn strains; My voice fiall echo to the waves, That dafi above your coral graves; Blessed be the gloom, that wraps each sacred head, And blessed th' unbroken sleep, and silence of the dead. IX High on yon cloud's cerulean seat, I ride sublime through' rather blue, To fling, while reigns the power of heat,. On fainting earth the summer dew:. I bid the rose in crimson glow, And spread the lily's robe of snow; c6 I waft from heaven the balmy breeze, That sighs along the sleeping seas; What time the spirit of the rock is nigh, To pour upon the night his heaven taught melody. X But, far beyond the solar blaze, Again I wing my rapid flight Again I cleave the liquid maze, Exulting in immortal might. Over me nor cold, nor heat, prevails, Nor poison from malignant gales; - I glide along the trackless coast, that.binds the magazines of frost; Encompassed by the raging storm, I smile at danger's threatening form; I mock destruction on his towering seat, And leave the roaring winds, contending at my feet.. ODE II THE MERMAID; "When at last they retired lo rest, Ajut went down to the beach, where finding a fifhing boat, she entered it without hesitation - telling those who wondered at her raihnefs, that she was going in search of Anningait, rowed away with great swiftness, and was seen no more. " The fate of these lovers gave occalon to var; ous fictions and conjectures. Some are of opinion that they were changed into [tars; others imagine , Anningait was seized in his paftlge by the Genius of the Rocks, and that Ajut was transformed into a Mermaid, and still continues to seek her lover in the deserts of the sea." RAMBLER. N s7. I.. BLOW on, ye death fraught whirlwinds! blow, Around the rocks, and rifted caves Ye demons of the gulf below! - I hear you, in the troubled waves.. High on this cliff, which darkness shrouds In night's impenetrable clouds, My solitary watch I keep, And listen, while the turbid deep Groans to the raging tempest ,, they roll Their desolating force, to thunder at the pole. II Eternal world of waters, hail! Within thy caves my lover lies; And day and night alike shall fail, Ere slumber lock my fireaming eyes. Along this wild untrodden coast, Heaped by the gelid hand of frofit Through' this unbounded waste of seas, Where never sighed the vernal breeze; Mine was the choice, in this terrific form, To brave the icy surge, to sliver in the storm. ni. Yes! I am chang'd. my heart, my soul,; Retain no more their former glow. Hence, ere the blackening tempefrs roll, I watch the bark, in murmurs low, (While darker lowers the thickening gloom) To lure the sailor to his doom; Soft from fonie pile of frozen snow I pour the fyren fong of woe; Like the mariner's expiring cry, As, faint and worn with toil, he lays him down to die. IV Then, while the dark and angry deep Hangs his huge billows high in air; And the wild wind, with awful sweep, Howls in each fitful fwell beware! High on the rent and crashing mast, I lend new fury to the blast; I mark each hardy cheek grow pale, And the proud sons of courage fail; Till the torn vessel drinks the surging waves, Yawns the disparted main, and opens its shelving graves. V wvhen Vengeance bears along the