rustles, in its airy flight. For oft, in wintery torms, the eddying blast Bears, on its viewless wings, the shadowy dead; When the faint moon conceals her pallid head, Amid the darkness of th' unfathomed vast . 0! hear me, voices of the days of old! I hear not you, departed sons of long! Say, do ye sweep the lyre, the clouds among? Or, in the morning mist aerial rol'd, Glide the green ocean's foamy breast along, When gleam the fun beat waves in liquid gold? SONNETS FROM WERTER. E ", thy does thou awake me, 0 gale -" it seems to say, " I am covered with the drops of heaven. The time of my fading is near, and the blast that mall scatter my leaves. tomorrow shall the traveller come, he that saw me in my beauty fiall come: his eyes will fearelr the field, but they ill not find me." ossias. SONNET I. WHEN the first beams of morn illume the Iky, "today I see her," and I hail the fun; "today I see her," and the moments run, And life, and time, and all unheeded fly. 0 how I grasp delusions! form again The frantic hopes, my firmer mind denies.! I see but her, in earth, in air, and Skies; I feel but her, in all my burning brain. Then, as I think upon the woes to come, Bereaved of comfort, how I hate the day! Tears, from a heart of anguish, force their way, And oft I wish to make the grave my home; To drink the bitter cup, while yet I may, Before my strength is gone, and all my powers decay. E 2 SONNET II Is this heart, so cold and vacant, mine? Ench2.: .ring scenes! I know you now no more! The soft stream winds beneath th' o'erhanging pine; Ye shine in summer pride but mine is over. 0 could I place my woes in lowering skies, In difinal seasons, or capricious care, In the wild whirl ambition's strife supplies, My tightened heart might breathe in freer air. Wretch that I am! this bosom once so blessed, Contains the poison, which consumes its peace; In vain I firetch my arms, and seek for rest; Dark clouds surround, forbidding all release. Yes! I must fill the measure of my woes, And then I find the road, that leads me to repose. SONNET ill. WHERE is that sentiment which warmed my brca, That poured around me torrents of delight, hat brought all pa.adifc bafore my sight, And wrapped my soul in visions of the blessed! How often has the wandering sea bird slight Across the vast immeasurable deep, Born my free spirit, in its rapid sweep, Through' living waters, and immortal light, To taste beatitude, where raptures flow. Oh! how this heart is changed For blissful dreams Of life eternal, dim before me gleams The deep and fathomless abyss of woe, Where, hurried headlong through' the blackening wave, Or dath'd upon the rocks, I soon must find my grave. e3 SONNET IV AH! not on me she turned her wandering eyes! On me who saw but her, but her alone! Yet still I thought! Alas! my soul relies On airy phantoms, when its peace is gone, Yes! I would go! could this devoted breast Give back her image ?butin vain I rave: For ever present, on my brain impressed, Her eye's dark lustre lights me to. the grave! Thus the dread loaditone, on the torrid steep, Rocks the tall vessel on her straining keel, Draws from the oozing seams the central iteel; The masts' torn fragments drifting on the deep: Yes! one must perifi! Charlotte! be it mine To give my life, and purchase peace to thine! SONNET V HOWLS the. wind, amid the torrents drear, That pour impetuous from the mountain's brow, And through' incumbent clouds the moon's wan sphere Illumes, with fcatter'd light, th' abyss below. 0 how the terrors of this fearful night Bear kindred horrors to my fiery.foul! Should aught but desolation meet my sight? No! As I mark the flaming tempests roll, Methinks, to toss the foaming surge on high, And join the tumult of the warring skies, Commingled with the wind, my soul could fly, And soar sublime , beyond her agonies! And cannot I It is not yet my time: All, all my wishes now are in another clime. e4 SONNET VI W HY will she look, as if her soul were mine? Mine? Power Eternal! how my plastic brain Gives form to shadows, while I seek in vain For love, where only tears of pity fline. Alas! she knows not, that her foften'd eyes Shed deadly poison through' my blighted breast. Oft, while I gaze, and think myself at rest, ' As in the morn, that saw my hopes arise; Ah! then conviaion, like the lightning's flash, Gleams on the gulf, where all my hopes shall cease; Dark terror scatters every beam of peace; And then I fly, to hear the thunder's crash On some wild rock : Tis music to my ears, And lends my swelling heart the luxury of tears. SONNET VII PIERCED by the rugged thorn, I burst my way Through' tangled thickets, which oppose in vain; Would that my itreaning blood night now allay My foul's deep agony and fevered brain I Oft, when the shuddering damps my frame benumb, Shifies on my blasted head th' unclouded moon Till, faint with anguifl, and with thirst overcome, Amid the silence of the night's pale noon, I fink exhausted till the dawn of morn! 0 God! the darkest dungeon which entombs The living victim, or the racking iteel By the last tears of groaning nature worn, Were ease to what my ebbing life consumes, Were bliss and luxury to what I feel! SONNET VIII yes! it is well: Avenging Heaven !.'tis well. This night this awful night has itrung my soul. A few flort hours, and I shall reach the goal, And still the storm, I