gay delight, Here, as I sis and weep, unheard, unknown, Save whiie the echoes give me back my moan, Mv weary first seeks another scene, 185 Nor bars, nor chains, can interpose between. Far over the bosom of th' Atlantic waves, Where fierce, through' trackless wilds, the tempest ; raves, unrpo{li'd nature holds her throne sublime , And r ars the children of her favourite clime; 190 Wild as the dcfoiate, uncultured soil, She firings each nerve, to vigour and to toil; Fearless, amid the unfathomed gulfs, they play, Or, tf ro' the iwampy fens, explore their way, Trace the fierce catarat to its foaming source, j95 Nor alk a partner, in their dari'rous course Alone the savage stands: His giant soul, Indignant, mocks the shadow of control; Each softer glow his bosom scorns to own; He rests enjoyment on himself alone. 200 To hearts less callous, souls of softer form, Within the circle of the Arcic storm, I turn, to Iceland's melancholy shore, And sigh, that liberty is mine no more. Pale from his wintery cave,, the native braves 205 The rattling tumult of the crashing waves, Unwearied, till the light's departing ray Flings her long shadows on the watery way; Swift through' the icy heaps, with daring keel, He drives his boat against the diving feal. 210 Or when, outstretched upon the frozen deep, He marks the flaggy bear, in awful sleep, Shuddering, he winds along the ice piled rock, And whelms his cruel foe, with mortal stroke. At night, returning to his flelt'ring cave, 21i Affetion hails him, weary from the wave. Within, contentment cheers the happy scene, Prompts the sweet smile, and smooths the brow serene, Hard and laborious though' his lot may be, Still, fill, his heart can tell him he is free! 220 On Europe's plains, I rest my wearied eyes; Yes! light celestial gilds the favoured skies. Each finer feeling of the ennobled mind, Each thought, by science and by taste refined, Each purer enterprise, to virtue dear, 225 And all the arts of polisi'd life, are here. Here too, religion rears the mimic tomb, And 1irouds the fuffrer in a dungeoi's gloom; Enwrapped in fuperfition's iron chains, How the blood rufles through' my flfivering veins! 23t The sickening spirit wears the powers away, Which genius kindled with his brightest ray. Mistrust and guile, in every frightful cell, Usurp the place, where piety should dwell; The heart, affection footed with many a tear, 23; By harflhnefs broken, ends its sorrows here. 2 Hark! mingling with the shrill wind's rising swell, Slow steal the chimings of the vefper bell; Roused from difturb'd repose, with lingering feet, The pallid Sisters in affliction meet; 240 Trembling they kneel the midnight shrine before, While tears, in torrents, from their eyelids pour. Are these hearts, by hopeless anguish rien, The welcome incense of approving Heaven? 0 Power Eternal. while, thine arm sustains 245 This ample world, and yonder starry plains; Shall man, with impious hand, thy mercy bind, And rule at pleasure over an equal mind; Throughout the bleeding earth extend his fame, And Shield his. rhymes beneath thine awful name? 250 'Twas here, in former times, religion poured The blood of thousands on the insatiate sword: And now, even now, upon a filter shore; How long, humanity! fialt thou deplore That dread tribunal, horror's darkest cave, 255 Where ruthless murder heaps the midnight grave? C But here must nature pause; the arm of time Mlay root there terrors from the groaning clime; May tear from superstition's torturing hand, The bloody ensigns of her black command; 260 Call the pale vicims to the light of day, To peace, to mercy's tolerating sway. Meantime, like some wreck, by tempests blown, Forlorn and desolate, I stand alone. Over the wild deep, the heaving vessel rides, 26g Around, deftrustion heaps the adverse tides; Till the sunk rock receives the fated prey, And ruin fialks upon the watery way. The dream is over within my troubled breast, The grasp of pain unlocks the gates of rest. 270 I feel, while nature stems the burning tide, Through' every vein the deadly poison glide. O Death! what dark and melancholy muse Has hung thine altar with unhallowed yews? Bring every flower, that scents the southern kies, 273 Or glows in beauty of unnumbered dyes, With deathless amaranth the wreath entwine; These grateful hands. shall deck th' unheeded shrine. How oft, when lingering twilight's welcome ray Has closed the circle of a tedious day; 280 tomorrow's fun, my swelling spirit cries, May wing thee, happy, to unclouded Skies, May see thee fhelter'd from the storms of time, And footed to ladsing peace, in bliss sublime . Thus, in those mansions of relentless toils, 285 Whence nature, shuddering at the sight, recoils; The wretched miner hails the swift decay, That, inly working, steals his life away. Hark!! loud voice of tyranny appals, And his saint frame to endless labour calls; 2o As slow he moves, the rifted rocks below, Where peltilential gales for ever blow, Sudden, before his dim and lessening sight, Descend the thickening shades of deepest night; C 2 Over his pale front, the vapour's mortal breath 295 Spreads the last heeic, and the dews of death. He finks the quivering spirit towers away, And meets the splendour of eternal day. ODES. -- ' - c3.,.... ...k- -- -.._.: ODE I. THE SPIRIT OF THE AIR. BE hushed, ye angry winds, that sweep, Resistless, over the polar coast Thou fwell'ft no more, tremendous deep! I lock thee in eternal frost. My will supreme, mine awful sway, The earth, the air, the sea obey; My glance pervades the realms of space; Each hidden spring, this arm can trace; Over all the prostrate world my power extends, Alike on Zembla's ice, on Zaara's burning sands. II Amid the lightning's forky flame, While, driven on high, the billows roll; 'Tis mine to loose the struggling frame, And mine to soothe the parting foul: c4 I come, on viewless winds reclined,