While Rapture hailed the moments, as they flew; go Till mad Ambition bade the battle rage, And Man with Man eternal warfare wage O! for a lodge in some vast wilderness, Some boondlefs contiguity of llade. co*iper's tast . b4 Ah! did our years through' circling ages flow, Or Fate secure the heart from private woe; Did strength for ever in the arm reside, 95 Or the firm frame retain its youthful pride; The eye that saw th' embattled hosts extend, Might also hope to see their discord end; The heart, which Sorrow never taught to feel, Mlight point, with surer aim, th' avenging steel: 0oo Ah! when a few short years have rolld away, The foes shall rest, unjarring, in the clay. The Tartar chief, expiring on the plain, Amid the multitudes his arm has slain, Yields his fierce soul, ere half his years are run, 10o And ends his fiery course, when scarce begun. The polished youth, whom Europe rears to arms, And glory flatters, with deceitful charms, Chills each fine impulse of the glowing soul, And, pressing onward to the laureled goal, io Forgets that feeling ever warmed his breast, Or Pity pleaded for the heart oppressed. All hail, ye joys! to genuine feeling dear, The heart's warm transport, and the gushing tear! Welcome the sigh, from pity's altar stole, i15 Ye calm the tumult of the troubled soul. O! on whatever shore, by fortune cast, My shattered bosom finds a home at last; Whatever ills, in sorrow's ample reign, May wring my heart, with aggravated pain; 120 Still, at those hours, when, husl'd in deep repose, The happy lose their joys, the their woes, May fancy lead me to the desert steep, Stupendous frowning over the sullen deep; To hear the fhip wrecked mariner deplore 125 His doom relentless, on the rocky shore! Even when the winds their awful fury urge, And, heaped like mountains , raves the foaming surge, Less dread the terrors of the turbid main, Than Carnage, stalking over th' enfanguin'd plain! i30 And ye, who, bending over the untimely urn, Will see nor joy, nor happiness return; b5 Through' your changed homes, who wildly fc.k in vain For those who slumber in the stormy main; bmay piercing anguish spare his arrows keen, 135 And pity soothe you, as ye weep unseen! May peace pervade, where faithful sorrow reigns, And charm the grief, that not an eye profanes! Ah! think, though' lingering yeas unblest decay, To troubled night succeeds untroubled day! 140 Time's feeble barrier bounds the painful course, But joy shall reign, eternal as its source. I THE NUN. b6 For the origin of the following poem, see a Drama, entitled ecrite, erui Sazrnfir die Pr mti;, in Madam Genlis's Theatre of Education, Vol. IL To remove the only obstacle to afiiter's marriage, Cecilia gives up her pa. trimony, and retires to take the vows in a convent of Provence; but, previously to her profefion, a fortune is left her by a relation. This reftrres her to the world. Il the following pages, the lory is so far altered, that the heroine completes her sacrifice. It may be objected, that the regret, and almotr intolerable misery, which succeed it, are wholly inconsistent with a mind capable of such exalted generoity. But, let it be remembered, that, in a moment ofcnthusiafm, we may do what we wili repent for ever. THE NUN. YES! it is done; the frightful conflie's over; And peace is fled, to visit me no more. Immured for ever in this living tomb, How my soul sickens at her hated doom! Ye darksome caverns, misery's black abode, 5 Where tears of anguifl praise th' insulted God; Ye waving pines, that brave the midnight air, To you I breathe the accents of despair, On your deaf ear the tale of sorrow pour, Till death hall bring to all my woes a cure. 1o Eternal friendfhlip! dare I turn mine eyes To thy pure ihrine, yet mourn the sacrifice? O! filer of my soul! I seek you here; In vain I seek you, through' the caverns drear; Falsely I triumphed, when I bade adieu rs To social life, to happiness, to you. I Though' on my face delusive pleasure stone, And peace sat, smiling, on a falling throne, While not a pang betrayed internal smart, The scorpion anguith flung me to the heart. 2s Never hall the hour, with keenest horror fraught, By time be banished from my aching thought, When closed the massy gates, with hollow sound, And locked me, hfuddering, in their dreary bound. Transfixed with agony's convulsive dart, 25 No gush of sorrow eased my swelling heart. " These walls," I cried, " I never.pafs again: " And nature shivered through each chilly vein. Grim as the grave, before my troubled eyes I saw the giant form of terror rise; 30 Breathless I listened for some cheering found.; And the wind howled the vaulted caves around. Ye frowning cliffs, whose hoary tops sublime ' For ever mock the ravages of time! When the wild tempest sweeps each awful height, 35 And warring elements convulse the night, In all the tearless horror of despair,, I turn, to witness desolation there: Sullen, I trace the ligfitnings, as they fly, And hail the thunder's stroke, that rends the sky; 40 I hear the Var re bellow to his source, And bless the heaving storm's tyrannic force. The groaning exile, mid Siberian snows, Feels distant freedom cheer surrounding woes; Weary and faint, at eve, his Shivering form 45 Sufains the fury of the polar torm; To guide him on his way, no glimmering light, With ray.benignant, breaks the gloom of night; No faithful partner, breathiefs with her fears, Welcomes the wanderer, with a flood of tears, s0 To lull his sickening spirit to: repose, Around, horrific, howl his ihaggy foes. Still fancy dreams, for hope assists her flight, Of scenes far distant, of renewed delight; Again, with rapture's swelling tide oppressed, 55 He clasps his children