And bind the wounds of sublunary care! Who, calm at eve on silver clouds reclined, Inhale the fragrance of the summer wind, Descend Your angel smiles will chase away i5 The storms that shake the tenements of clay. O!! your aid the finking spirit raise To higher objets,. and sublimer days! In midnight slumbers, to the fancy bring Elysian bowers, and an eternal spring, i60 With love congenial to the mind convey What golden glories wake the heavenly day, a6 What rapturous joys the hallowed soul impress With full enjoyment, and unmingled bliss! Say, though' the boast of human pride is over, 165 And hope extinguished, to revive no more, That life eternal shall repair the woe, And soothe the memory of the scenes below; Say that, invested with a purer frame, The soul unchanged shall ever be the same, 170 Shall turn to every friend, with guardian care, And fcothe, and soften, when their hearts despair; Say that the parted soul shall pierce the gloom, Which lowrs tremendous over the sullen tomb, And come by night, the messenger of peace, 17, To speak of joys, that never fiall decrease. O ye dark Genii! can your magic charms, In Stygian darkness formed, and drear alarms; Can all the pomp of universal sway One throb of rapture to your hearts convey? 180 No! while the powers of desolation wait Upon your footsteps, ministers of fate, Beneath those skies, where Boreal tempests roll Over the long twilight of the desert pole: Unseen and fearless, you delight to go, 185 Over hills of frozen earth, and wreaths of snow; To mark the sheeted ice, by whirlwinds toft, Descend, in fplinter'd heaps, upon the coast; Or, far at sea, when floating masses urge Their gelid mountains over the troubled surge, xo9 You give command: the itormy billows roar, And dash the mighty mounds upon the shore. Swelled by the flakes of ever falling finows, Their icy bulk no dissolution knows; Still their high tops, the same cold terrors wear, 195 And chill, through' many a mile, the ambient air. All hail, terrific kings! whose giant throne, From the bleak pole, extends through' every zone Beneath the burning line, your feet have traced The unknown horrors of the Lybian waste: loo Expanding shores have met your piercing sight, That long have slept, in undiscovered night. Involving woods, impervious to the day, Where the keen tiger lfuns the noon tide.ray, Whence, proudly spurning his paternal den, 2o0 The noble lion seeks the haunts of men, Pursues his way, through' solitary lands, Where Gambia revels on his golden sands, Drinks the sweet freihnefs of the cooling wave, And digs his dwelling in the deepest cave. re Scarce has his dreadful voice, along the coast,. Defied the proudest of th' embattled host,. When a wild troop his lonely den surround, With lining javelins, pointed to the ground. Sullen he comes, and, to their gleaming arms; 215 Shakes his long main, unconscious of alarms With frightful roarings, and indignant ire, While his eyes sparkle, like consuming fire On the proud leader of the band he flies, And, in his mighty grasp, the victim dies I' 226 With frantic fury now he turns'around, His fierce front fevered with the frequent wound; tihe motion given, the intrepid phalanx meet, And lay the kingly tyrant at their feet, His monstrous fangs, unclench'd in death, survey, 225 And boast the terrors of the perilous day; With shouts victorious bear their glory home, And wave th' impurpl'd spear, over conquests yet to come. Ye powerful Genii! while your glance surveys The polar night alike, and tropic blaze, 230 You guide the world of waters, as you will, Expend the billows, or the channels fill; Smooth the dead surface, or the whirlwind urge,. To toss, above the cliff, the mountain surge. Far in the coral caves, where ocean keeps 235 The long unrifled treasures of the deeps, On thrones of burning gems, you.rule below, And hear above th' undreaded tempests blow; The waves submitted to your proud control, In pomp sublime , you rest, while ages roll. 240 But, when dark fury sways, with lightning spell You drag the tempest from its channelled cell, With souls unmoved survey, and gloomy joy, Its fateful progress, rapid to destroy. Thus, where dark Maelstrom's furious torrents boil, 245 Round the rough marge * of Moikoe's fearful isle, When ebbs the flood, the turning current forms Its rapid vortex, and avenging storms. Deep from beneath, you thunder at the source, And lend the whirlpool its deftrucive force; 25 The blackening waves in circling eddies wheel, And the dark caverns to their centre reel. Meantime, uprising from his giant cave, His huge bulk lamhing the resounding wave, The mighty monarch of the northern sea, 255 Caught by the current, struggles to be free; With frightful criest, and frantic with despair, He flings his monstrous water spouts in air In the dread circle of the gulf of death, Yet, yet he rallies his decaying breath; 260 * Round the moist marge of each cold Hebrid isle." COLLINL ' Whales are frequently carried into the vortex of Maelstrom, and the moment they feel the force of the water, they struggle against it with, all their might, howling in a frightful manner. The raging surge his firmest effort mocks, And the wild whirlwind drives him on the rocks; Like the loud cataract, the billows roar; Awhile he itruggles and is seen no more. In that dead sea, which not a breath deforms, 265 No sweeping whirlwinds, or internal torms, You rule, terrific matters of the deep! And the hushed waves in sullen silence keep. What horror thrills the mariner, to feel A deathlike calm arrest his tiffen'd keel; 270 In vain he watches for th' accustomed gale, To move the bark, or fill the flagging sail; In vain he hopes, while gloom obscures the day, The coming blast will drive him on his way; The clouds distend; and, rapid from the skies, 275 Descend