tn is sometimes unlpleafantly engaged by a precipice, precipice, from which the road is not sufficiently secured; so that the effet of the whole upon the imagination is much less than might be expeted from its situation at the foot of Skiddaw, and its shape, which is more extended than that of Derwentwater. BORROWDALE. A SERENE day, with gleams of funlhine, gave magical effet to the scenery of Derwentwater, as we wound along its eastern shore to Borrowdale, under cliffs, parts of which, already fallen near the road, increased the opinion of danger from the rest; sometimes neat the edge of precipices, that bend over the water, and, at others, among pleafure grounds and copses, which admit partial views over the lake. These, with every woody promontory and mountain , were perfecly refleted on its surface. Not a pathway, not a crag, or scar, that sculptured their bold fronts, but was copied and diftintly seen even from the opposite shore in the dark purple mirror below. Now and then, a pleafure boat glided by, leaving long fil. ver lines, drawn to a point on the finooth water, which, as it gave back the painted fides and gleaming sail, displayed a moving pieture. The colouring of the mountains was, this day, surprisingly various and changeful, surpassing everything of the same nature, that we had seen. The effect of the atmosphere on mountainous re. gions is sometimes so sublime , at others so enchantingly chantingly beautiful, that the mention of it ought not to be considered as trivial, when their aspea is to be described. As the sunbeams fell on different kinds of rock, and distance coloured the air, tome parts were touched with lilac, others with light blue, dark purple, or reddish brown, which were often seen, at the same moment, contrasting with the mellow green of the woods and the brightness of funbhilie; then slowly and almost imperceptibly changing into other tints. Skiddaw it fel exhibited much of this variety, during our ride. As we left Keswick, its points were overspread with pale azure; on our return, a tint of dark blue sos tened its features, which were, however, soon after involved in deeper purple. Winding under the woods of Barrowfide, we approached Lowdore, and heard the thunder of his cataract, joined by the sounds of others, descending within the gloom of the nearer rocks and thickets. The retrospective views over the lake from Barrowfide are the fines in the ride; and, when lthe road emerges from the woods, a range of rocks rites over it, where many shrubs, and even oaks, aft, yew, grow in a surprising manner among the broken slates, that cover their fides. Beyond, at some distance from the shore, appear the awful rocks, that rise over the fall of Low door; that on the right shooting up, a vast pyra ri] of naked cliff, above finely wooded steeps; w hile, bn the opposite fide of the chasm, that receives the waters, impends gowdar crag, whose trees and firubs give only hagginefs to its terrible : asse,, fragments of which the meadows t.eio.w cre tirewn. There was no. little water at 1, \wldore; but the breadth of its channel and the! ei r of the perpendicular rock, f!om which it leaps, t'; 1 -- : !: -': cnezdous it could be; yet even they then its sublimity is probably derived chiefly from the cliff and mountain , that tower cl6fely over it. Here Borrowdale begins, its rocks spreading in a vast sweep round the head of the lake, at the. difiance, perhaps, of half a mile from the heore, which bears meadow land to the water's brink. The aspet of these rocks, with the fragments, that have rolled from their summits, and lie on each fide of the road, prepared us for the seen of tremendous ruin we were approaching in the gorge, or pass of Borrowdale, which opens from the centre of the amphitheatre, that binds the head of Derwentwater. Dark rocks yawn at its entrance, terrific as the Wildness of a maniac; and disclose a narrow pass, running up between mountains of granite, that are shook into almost every possible form of horror . All above resembles the accumulations of an earthquake; splintered, shivered, piled, amassed. Huge cliffs have rolled down into the glen below, where, however, is still a miniature of the fwccteft pastoral beauty, on the banks of the river Derwent; but description cannot paint either the wildness of the mountains , or the paltoral and sylvan peace and softness, that wind at their base. Among the mot Itrikiig of the fells are Gla ramara, showing rock on rock; and eagle crag, where, till lately, that bird built its nest; but the depredations, annually committed on itb young, have driven it from the place. Hence we pursued the pass for a mile, over a frightful road, that climbs among the crags of a precipice above the river, having frequently glimpses into glens anti chafins, where all passage seemed to be ob: : by the fallen hbivers of rock, and at length reached reached the gigantic stone of Bowther, that appear; to have been pitched into the ground from t, e fulmmi of a neighbouring fell, and is shaped, like the roof of a house reveried. This is one of the fpeidacles of the country. Its size makes it impof'ble to have been ever moved by human means; and, if it fell from the near es of the rocks, it muil have rolled upon the ground much further than can be readily conceived of the motion of such a mass. The fide towards the road projects about twvelve feet over the bare, and serves to fielter cattle in a penn, of which it is made to forim one boundary. A small oak plant and a floe have found soil enough to fiourifh in at the top; and the base is pitched on a cliff over the river, nwhence a long perlpecive of the gorge is seen, with a