the lake gradually narrowing; to the north, its more impressive scenery; but the finelf features of it were now concealed by a continuation of the rocks we were upon, Windermere is diftinguiffied from all the other lakes of this country by its superior length and breadth, by the gentle hills, cultivated and enclosed nearly to their summits, that generally bind its shores, by the gradual distance and fine disposition of the northern mountains , by the bold sweeps of its numerous bvys, by the villas that speckle and rich plantations that wind them, and by one large island, surrounded by many islets, which adds dignity to its bosom. On the other lakes the islands are prettinesses, that do not accord with the character of the scene; they break also the surface of the water where vail continuity is required; and the mind cannot endure to descend fuddenlv from the gigantic sublimity of nature to her fairy sports. Yet, on the whole, Windermere was to us the least impressive of all the lakes. Except to the north, where the retiring mountains mountains are disposed with uncommon grandeur of outline and magnificence of colouring, its scenery is tame, having little of the wild and nothing of the astonishing energy that appears on the features of the more sequestered diftrifs. The characters of the three great lakes may, perhaps, be thus diftinguiihed: Windermere: Diffusiveness, stately beauty, and, at the upper end, magnificence. ulls water: Severe grandeur and sublimity ; all that may give ideas of vals power and astonishing majesty. The effect of ulls water is, that, awful as its scenery appears, it awakens the mind to expectation still more awful , and, touching all the powers of imagination , inspires that " fine frenzy" descriptive of the poet's eye, which not only bodies forth unreal forms, but imparts to fubitantial objects a character higher than their own. Derwentwater: Fantastic wildness and romantic beauty, but inferior to ulls water in greatness, both of water and rocks; for, though it charms and elevates, it does not display such features and circumrfances of the fubliime, or call up such ex pefation of unimaged and uncertain wonder . A principal defet, if we may venture to call it so, of Derwentwater is, that the water is too finall in proportion for the amphitheatre of the valley in which it lies, and therefore loses much of the dignity, that in other circumtnances it would ex. hibit. The fault of Windermere is, perhaps, ex. a&ly the reverse: where the shores, not generally grand, are rendered taner by the ample expanlc of the lake. The proportions of ulls water are more more just, and, though its winding form gives it in some parts the air of a river, the abrupt and tremendous height of its rocks, the dark and crowding summits of the fells above, the manner in which they enclose it, together with the dignity of its breadth, empower it constantly to affeet the mind with emotions of aftoniiment and lofty expecation, FROMI WINDERMIERE TO HAWKSHEAD, THURSTON LAKE AND ULVERSTON. A FTER ascending the laborious crags and pre. cipices of furnefs lll, enlivened, however, by frequeit views of the southern end of Windermere, the read immediately defceuds the opposite fide of llic mountain , wh.ih .sluts out the beauti ill icencry of the lake; but the profpee soon after opens to other mount ins of Furnels, in the distance, which revive the expectation of such fublimitv as we had lately regretted, aud tc ephv.'ait water in the valley below. This is a narrow, pleasant lake, about half a mile broad ad two mii'es leng, wvith gradual hills, green to their tops, rifinrg round; he margin; with plau ta:; os ard paftires alternately spreading along the easy iore; and white farms scattered spar inl!y upcn the nfcpes above. The water feeims; ' i z : h: rogh the quiet prilacy of pleasure,, : o; so filn ij tlhe Ltuf o; : its l nlks, so cie.; .-.; ccplf;, ^; nd fuch'n an. air o peace and : .i rmrant retirement prevails over it. A neat white village lies at the feet of the hills near the head of the lake; beyond it is the grey town of Hawkfhead, with its church and parsonage on an eminence commanding the whole valley. Steep hills rise over them, and, more distant, the tall heads of the coniiton sells, dark and awful , with a con. fusion of other mountains . Hawkfhead, thus delightfully placed, is an an. tient, but small town, with a few good houses, and a neat townhouse, lately built by subscriptions, of which the chief part was gratefully supplied by London merchants, who had been educated at the free school here; and this school itself is a memorial of gratitude, having been founded by Archbishop Sandys for the advantage of the town, which gave him birth. Near iiawkf head are the remains of the house, where the Abbot of Iurnefs " kept residence by one or more monks, who performed divine service and other parochial duties in the neighbourhood." There is still a courtroom over the gateway, " where the bailiff of Hawkfhead held court, and distributed justice, in the name of the abbot." From the tremendous steeps of the long fell, which towers over Hawklhead, afloniihing views open to the ditlant vales and mountains of Cum. berland; overlooking all the grotefquc summits in the neighbourhood of Graflnere, the fells of Borrowdale in the flrtheft distance, langdale. pikes, and several small lakes, seen gleaminii in the bosom of the mountains . Before us, rose the whole multitude of conifton sells, of iimi; cnfe height and threatening forms, their tops thinly darkened with thunder mists, and, on the left, Furnef. furnefs sells finking towards the bay, which Ul version sands form for the sea. As we advanced, coniflon sells seemed to multiply, and became Rill more impressive, till, having reached at length the summit of the mountain , we looked down upon thurfton lake imnmeiately below, and saw them rising