shades of turf and mnofs, and with heath, of which a dull purple was the prevailing hue. Not a tree, or bush appeared on Skiddaw, nor even a stole wall anywhere broke the finiple greatneis of its lines. Sometimes, we looked into tremendous charms, where the torrent, heard roasing long before it was seen, had worked itself a deep channel, and fell from ledge to ledge, l.aniing and ffinning amidst the dark rock. ilt: lcc Irlcains are fiblime from the length anl, : -: c'pita nc of their course, which, hurrying the LI L ssiti; them into the the abyss, a, as it were, in sympathy upon the nerves, and, to favc ourselves from following, we recoil from the view with involuntary horror . Of such, however, we saw only two, and those by some departure from the usual course up the mountain ; but everywhere met gushing springs, till we wele within two miles of the summit, when our guide added to the rum in his bottle what he said was the last water we should find in our ascent. The air now became very thin, and the steeps still more difficult of ascent; but it was often delightful to look down into the green hollows of the mountain , among pastoral scenes, that wanted only some mixture of wood to render them en. chanting. About a mile from the summit, the way was, indeed, dreadfully sublime , laying, for nearly half a mile, along the ledge of a precipice, that passed, with a swift descent, for probably near a mile, into a glen within the heart of Skiddaw; and not a bush, or a hillock interrupted its vail length, or, by offering a midway check in the descent, diminished the fear it inspired. The ridgy steeps of Saddleback formed the opposite boundary of the glen, and, thoutgh really at a considerable distance, had, from the height of the two mountains , such an appearance of near. iefs, that it alnoft seemed as if we could spring to its lidj. How much too did simplicity increase the sublime of this scenery, in which nothing bit mountain , heath and sky appeared. But our fitnation was too critical, or too un u;, 'u, : - cr;; : ' the jlft inpreffions of such f blimity. sublimity . The hill rose so closely above the precipice as scarcely to allow a ledge wide enough for a single horse. We followed the guide in silence, and, till we regained the more open wild, had no leisure for exclamation. After this, the ascent appeared easy and secure, and we were bold enough to wonder , that the steeps near the beginning of the mountain had excited any anxiety. At length, passing the lkirts of the two points of Skiddaw, which are nearest to Derwentwater, we approached the third and loftier, and then perceived, that their tfeep fides, together with the ridges, which connect them, were entirely covered near the summits with a whitish ihivered slate, which threatens to slide down them with every gull of wind. The broken itate of this slate makes the present summits seem like the ruins of others; a circumstance as extraordinary in appearance as difficult to be accounted for. The ridge, on which we passed from the neighbourhood of the second summit to the third, was narrow, and the eye reached, on each fide, down the whole extent of the mountain , following, on the left, the rocky precipices, that impend over the lake of Baflenthwaite, and looking, on the right, into the glens of Saddleback, far, far below. But the profpecs, that burst upon us from every part of the valt horizon, when we had gained the summit, were such as we had scarcely dared to hope for, and muff now rather venture to enumerate, than to describe. We flood on a pinnacle, commanding the whole dome of the sky. The prospects below, ih h each each of which had been before considered separately as a great scene, were now miniature parts of the immense landscape. To the north, lay, like a map, the vast trac of low country, which extends between Bassenthwaite and the Irish Channel, marked with the silver circles of the river Derwent, in its progress from the lake. Whitehaven and its white coast were ditinaly seen, and Cockermouth seemed almost under the eye. A long blackish line, more to the west, resembling a saintly formed cloud, was said by the guide to be the Isle of Man, who, however, had the honesty to confess, that the mountains of Down in Ireland, which have been sometimes thought visible, had never been seen by him in the clearell weather. Bounding the low country to the north, the wide Solway Firth, with its indented flores, looked like a grey horizon, and the double range of Scottish mountains , seen dimly through mist beyond, like lines of dark clouds above it. The Solway appeared surprisingly near us, though at fifty miles distance, and the guide said, that, on a bright day, its hipping could plainly be discerned. Nearly in the north, the heights seemed to soften into plains, for no objett was there viii ble through the obscurity , that had begun to draw over the furtherl distance; but, towards the east, they appeared to swell again, and what we were told were the Cheviot hills dawned feebly beyond Northumberland. We now spanned the narrowest part of Englarld, looking from the Irish Channel, on one tides to the German Ocean, on the other, which latter was, however, so far off as to be discernible only like a mist. Nearer Nearer than the county of Durham, firetched the ridge of crofs fell, and an indiftinl multitude of the Weltmoreland and Yorkshire highlands, whole lines disappeared behind Saddleback, now evidently preeminent over Skiddaw, so much so as to exclude many a height beybod it, Failing this mountain in our course to the south, we saw, immediately below, the fells round Detweritwa ter, the lake itself remaining iill concealed in their