again awakened. She took the : -..,; o the top cf; e sep, and Stood hesitating whether to go C; bi again the pr fcund stillness and the gloom of the v' c a edi 'er, and, determining. to inquire further, when day iig'" 3-; gt afih the search, Tfh closed the door, and placed gai k,. a ftlagtr guard, She now retired to her bed, leaving the lamp burning on the table; ' but its gloomy light, intead of dispelling her fear, aflit edit; for, by its uncertain rays, she almoit fancied the saw /hapes flit pall her curtains and glide into the remote obscurity of her chamber. The cafile clock struck onp before hie closed her eyes to sleep. C H A P. XX " I think it is the weakness of mine eyes, That hliapes this monftrbus apparition, It comes upon me !" julius CESAR. DA YLIGHT dispelled from Emily's mind the glooms of filuerftition, but not those of apprehension. The Count Morano was the first image, that occurred to her waking thoughts; and then came a train of anticipated evils, which fly could neither conquer, or avoid. She rose, and, to relieve her mind from the busy ideas, that tormented it, compelled herself to notice external objeas. From her casement lhe looked out upon the wild grandeur of the scene, closed nearly on all fides by alpine fieeps whose tops, peeping over each other, faded from the eye in misty hues, while the promontories below, were dark with woods, that swept down to their base, 'and firetched along the narrow valleys. The rich pomp of these woods was particularly delightful to Emily; and he viewed with astonishment the fortifications of the castle spreading along a vast extent of rock, and now partly in decay, the grandeur of the ramparts below, and the towers and battlements and various features of the fabric above. From these her sight wandered over the cliffs and woods into the valley, along which foamed a broad and rapid stream, seen falling among the crags of an opposite mountain , now flashing in the sunbeams, and 'now. shadowed by overarching pines, till it was entirely concealed by 'their thick foliage. Again it burst from beneath this dark nets in one' boad sheet of foam, and fell thundering into the vale. Nearer, towards the west, opened the mountain vista, which Emily had viewed with such sublime emotion, on her approadh to the cafle : a thin dusky vapour, that rose from the valley, overspread its features, with a vweet obscurity . As this ascended and caught he'fulibeatns, it kindled into a crimson tint, and touched with exquisite beauty the woods and cliffs, over which it passed to the summit of the mountains ; then, as the veil drew up, it was delightful, to watch the gleaming objects, that progressively disclosed themselves in the valley thegreen turf dark woods little rocky receffes a few peasants' huts the foaming ftream a herd of cattle, and various images of pastoral beauty. Then, the pine forests brightened, and then the broad breast of the mountains , till, at length, the mist fettled round their summit, touching them with a ruddy glow. The features of the villa now appeared dif tindily, and the broad deep ihadows, that fell from the lower cliffs, gave strong effect to the itreaming splendour above; while the mountains , gradually finking in the perspective, appeared to shelve into the Adriatic sea, for such Emily imagined to be the gleam of blueifn light, that terminated the view. .Thus ife endeavoured to amuse her fancy, and was not unfuc cefful. The breezy freshness of the morning, too, revived her. She raised her thouglts in prayer,, which fly felt always most disposed to do, when viewing the sublimity of nature, and her mind recovered its strength. When (he turned from the casement, her eyes glanced upon the door fie had so carefully guarded, on the preceding night, and (he now determined to examine whither it led; but, .on advancing to remove the chairs, fe perceived, that they were already moved a little way. Her surprise cannot easily be imagined , when, in the next minute, fe pcrceived that the door was faflened. she felt, as if fne had seen an apparition. The door of the corridor was locked as (he had left it, but this door, which could be secured only on the outside, must have been bolted, during the night. She became seriously uneasy at the thought of sleeping again in a chamber, thus liable to intrusion, so remote,. too, as it was from the family, and she determined to mention the circur.fiance to Madame Montoni, and to request a change. After some perplexity she found her way into the great hall, and to the room, which (he had left, on the preceding nigit,. where breaklaif was spread, and her aunt was alone, for Montoni had been walking oyer the environs of the castle, examining the con.ition of its fortifications, and talking for fometine with Carlo. Emily observed, that her aunt had been weeping, and her heart softened towards her, with an affecion, that ineu edit self in her manner, rather than in words, while fie carefully avoided the appearance of havingnoticed, that she was unhappy. She seized the opportunity of Montoni's ahfence to mention the circumfiance of the door, to request that she might be allowed another apartment, and to inquire again, concerning the occasion of their sudden journey. On the firil subject her aunt referred her to Montoni, positively refusing to interfere in the affair; on the lafi, he professed utter ignorance. Emily, then, with a wih of making her aunt more reconciled to her situation, praised the grandeur of tle cartle and the surrounding scenery, and endeavoured to fofien every unpleasing eircumltance attending it. But, though misfortune had somewhat conquered the asperities of Madame Montoni's temper, and, by increasing her cares for herself, had taught her to feel in feme degree for others, the capricious love of rule, which