the eye in diffeient attitudes; while the Ihifting vapours, now partially concealing their minuter beauties, and now illuminating them with splendid tints, assisted the illusions of the sight. Though the deep valleys between there mountains were, for the moult part, clothed with pines, sometimes an abrupt opening presented a perspective of only barren rocks, with a catarait fiafhing from their summit among broken cliffs, till its waters, reaching the bottom, foamed along with unceasing fury; and Sometimes pastoral scenes exhibited their " green delights" in th narrow vales, smiling amid surrounding horror . There herds and flocks of goats and seep, browsing under the shade of hanging woods, and the shepherd's little cabin, reared on the margin of a clear fiream, presented a sweet piaure of repose. Wild and romantic as were these scenes, their character had far less of the sublime , than had those of the Alps, which guard the entrance of Italy. Emily was often elevated, but seldom felt those emotions of indefcrihable awe , which fle had so continually experienced, in her passage over the Alps, Towards the close of day, the road wound into a deep valley. Mountains , whose Ihaggy steeps appeared to be inaccessible, almost surrounded it. To the eart, a vista opened, that exhibited the Apennines in their darkest horrors ; and the long perspective of retiring summits, rising over each other, their ridges clothed with pines, exhibited a stronger image of grandeur, than any that Emily hai yet seen. The fun had just sunk below the top of the mountains she was descending, whose long ihadow firetch ed athwart the valley, but his fioping rays, shooting through an opening of the cliffs, touched with a yellow gleam the summits cf the forest, that hung upon the opposite steeps, and streamed in full splendour upon the towers and battlements of a castle, that spread its exte five ramparts along the brow of a precipice above. The f*len 'our of these illumined objects was heightend by the ccr.traftej hade, which inolvoed the valley below. 'There," said Montoni, foeaking for the first time in several hours, " is Udrnpho." Emily gazed with melancholy awe upon the castle, which she mrjerilood to he Montoni's for, though it was now lighted up tv the fetti g fun, the gothic grea: nef of its features, and its i: cidoerirg asls of dark grey ionie, rendered it a gloomy and tubiime o: jea. As he gazed, the light died away on its walls, lkaving a r.elancholy purple tint, which spread deeper and deeper, as the thin vapour crept up the mountain , while the battle rents above were still tipped with splendour. From those too, the rays soon faded, and the whole edifice wat invested with the solemn duf.inefs of evening. Silent, lonely and sublime , it feermed to stand the sovereign of the scene, and to frown defiance on all, who dared to invade its solitary reign. As the twilight deepened, its features became more awful in obscurity , and Emily continued to gaze, till its cluilering towers were alone seen, sising over the tops of the woods, beneath whose thick nhade the carriages soon after began to ascend. The extent and darkness of these tall woods awakened terrific images in her mind, and she almost expefeed to see banditti start up from unaer : he trees. At length the carriages emerged upon a heathy rock, and, soon after, reached the castle gates, where the deep tone of the portal bell, which was struck upon to give notice of their arrival, ncreafed the fearful emotions, that had as failed Emily. While they waited till the servant within should come to open the gates, !he anxiously surveyed the edifice: but the gloom, that overspread it, allowed her to diftinguifi little mo: e than a part of its outline, with the massy walls of the ramparts, and to know, that it was vast , ancient and dreary. From the parts fie saw, fle judged of the heavy strength and extent of the whole. The gateway before her, leading into the courts, was of gigantic size, and u as defended by two round towers, crowned by overhanging turrets, embattled, w! ere, instead of banners, now waved long grass and wild plants, that hail taken root among the mouldering Itones, and which seen: ed to sigh as the lireeze rolled pafr, over the desolation around them. The towers were united by a curtain, pierced and embattled also, belovw xhicl an pealed the pointed archofahuge portcullis, surmounting the gatec: from these, the walls of the ramparts extended to other towers, overlooking the precipice, whose flnttered outline, appearing on a gleam, that lingered in the west, told of the ravages of war. Beyond these all nas lost in the obscurity of evening. While Emily gazed with ave upon the fcee, footlleps sere heard witlin the gates, and the undraw ing of bolts; after which an ancient servant of the C afle appeared, forcing back the huge folds of the portal, to admit his lord. As the car: i; ge; heels rolled heavily under the portcullis, Emily's heart fuik, and f ie seemed, as if The was going into her prison; the gloomy cou.t, into which she passed, served to c6nfirm the idea, and her imag inatico, ever awake to circumstance, suggested even more terrors . than her reason could justify. Anothergate delivered them into the f.cond court, grafs growrn and more wild than the first, where, as fne surveyed through the twilight its defolation its lofty walls, overtopt VI hl briorn, moss and nightshade, and the embattled towers that rose above, long suffering and murder came to her thoughts. One of those inltantaneous and unaccountable convitions which sometimes conquer even frong minds, impressed her with its horror . The sentiment was not diminished, when she entered an extensive gothic hall, obscured by the gloom of evening, which a ligh, glimmering at a. distance through a long perffcetie of arches, only rendered more firiking. As a servant brought the lamp nearer, partial gleams fell upon