cataracts rolling fi-om the heights into some deep and narrow valley, along which their united waters roared and .foamed, and burst a.'ay to regions in acceffib'e to mortal foot: and now the scene arose less fiercely wild; " The pomp of groves and garniture of fields" were intermingled with the ruder sea tures of nature, and while the snow froze on the summit of the mountain , the vine biufhed at its foot. Engaged in interesting conversation, and by the admiration which the country excited, they travelled on till noon, when they looked round for a pleasant spot where they might rest and take refreshment. At some little distance they perceived the ruins of a fabric which had once bele. a caffle: it flood nearly 0on1 [ Io ] on a point of rock that overhung a deep valley; and its broken turrets rising from among the woods that embofimed it, he; ghtened the picturesque beauty of tile object. The edifice invited curiofi: V and the shades repole la Luc and his parry advanced. - Deep struck with. awe , they marked the dnme "overthrown, " Where once the beauty bloomed, the wairior "shone: They saw the cafile's mouldering towers decayed, The loose tlone tottering over the trembling "shade..'' They seated themfeives on the grass, under the shade of some high trees near the ruins . An opening in the woods, afforded a view of the distant alps the deep silence of solitude reigned. For some time they were, lost in meditation;. Adeline felt a sweet complacency, such as Ihe had long been a stranger to. Looking at La Luc, she perceived a, 3_ 3 tear [ 102 ] tear sealing down his check, while the elevation of his mind was strongly expressed on his countenance. He turned on Clara his eyes, which were now filled with tenderness, and made an effort tc recover him'elf. "The fiilnefs and total seclusion of " this scene," said Adeline," "those stupendous mountains , the gloomy gran" " of there woods, together with " that monument of faded glory on "which the hand of time is so emphatically impressed, diffuse a sacred en" " over the mind, and awaken sensations truly sublime ." La Luc was going to speak; but Peter coming forward, desired to know whether he had not better open the wallet, as he fancied his honour and the young ladies rmuf be main hungry, jogging on so far uphill and down before dinner. They ackanwledged the truth of honest Peter's suspicion, and accepted his hint. Refrefl [ i03 ] Refreihlnents were spread on the grass, and having seated themselves under the. canopy of waving woods, surrounded by the sweets of wild flowers, they inhaled the pure breeze of the Alps, which might be called spirit of air, and.partook of a repast which these circumstances rendered delicious. When they arose to depart, " I am " unwilling," said Clara, " to quit this "charming spot. How delightful would " it be to pass one's life beneath there " shades with the friends who are dear "to one?" la Luc smiled at the romantic simplicity of the idea; but Adeline sighed deeply to the image of felicity, and of Theodore, which it recalled, and turned away to conceal her tears. They now mounted their horses, and soon after arrived at the foot of Montan vert. The emotions of Adeline, as Ihe contemplated in various points of view the aftonilhing objects around her, fur: : all expression; and the feelings F 4 of [ 104 ] of the whole party were too forong to admit of conversation. The profound stillness which reigned in these regions of solitude in; credawe, and heightened the sublimity of the scenery to an ex quiite degree. "It seems," said Adeline, "' as if we " were walking over the ruins of the " world, and were the only persons who " had survived the wreck. I can scarcely persuade myfe'f that we are not " left alone on the globe." "The view of these objects," said La Luc, " lift the soul to their Great (" Author,, and we contemplate with a feeling almost too vast for humanity "the sublimity of his nature in the "grandeur of his works." la Luc raised his eyes, filled with tears, to heaven, and was for some moments lost in silent adoration. They quitted these scenes with extreme reluaance; but the hour of the day, and the appearance of the clouds, which f Io I which seemed gathering for a storm, made them hasten their departure. Adeline almost wished to have witnessed the tremendous effect of a thunderstorm in there regions. They returned to Leloncourt by a different route, and the slade of the overhanging precipices was deepened by the' gloom of the atmosphere.. It was even.. ing when they came within view of the lake, which the travellers rejoiced to see,. for the storm so long threatened was now' fast approaching; the thunder murmured among the Alps; and the dark va -- pours that rolled heavily along their. fides. heightened their dreadful sublimity . La Luc would have quickened. his pace,. but the road winding down the steep, fide of a mountain made caution necessary. The darkening air and the lightnings that now flashed along the horizon; terrified Clara, but She withheld the expression of her fear in consideration off F 5, her[ [ ]' her father. A peal of thunder , which seemed to ihake the earth to its foundations, and was reverberated in tremendous echoes from the cliffs, burst over their heads. Clara's horse took frieght at the sound, and, setting off, hurried her with amazing velocity down the mountain towards the lake, which washed its root. The agony of La Luc, who viewed her progress in the horrible expeea tion of feeing her dashed down the precipice that bordered the road, is not to be described. Clara kept her seat, but terror had almost deprived her of sense. Her efforts to preserve herse'f were mechanical, for