fur" " its objet, and which, in their " own breasts, would quickly have been " left amidt thediffipation of general society. I have cherished in my heart the '" remembrance of a woman whose virtues claimed all my love: I have che" " it as a treasure to which I could withdraw from temporary cares and " vexations, in the certainty of finding " a soothing, though melancholy, com r" for; ." La Luc paused. M. Verneuil expressed the sympathy he felt, but he knew the sacredness of sorrow, and soon relapsed into silence. "One of the brightest " hopes of a future state," resumed La Luc, " is, that we shall meet again those " whom we have loved upon eaath. And "perhaps our happiness may be per" " to consist very much in the so' ' of our friends, purified. from the "frailties [ 127 ] " frailties of mortality, tith the finer " affetions more sweetly attuned, and with the faculties of mind infinitely "more elevated and enlarged. Wc "shall then be enabled to comprehend C fuhjets which are too vast for human " conception; to comprehend, perhaps, "the sublimity of that Deity who first " called us into being. Theft views of futurity, my friend, elevate us above " the evils of this world, and seem to " communicate to us a portion of the " nature we contemplate." "Call them not the illusions of a visi" " brain," proceeded La Luc: I " trust in their reality. Of this I am cer " tain, that whether they are illusions or " not, a faith in them ought to be cherished for the comfort it brings to the "heart, and reverenced for the dignity "it imparts to the mind. Such feelings "make a happy and an important part " of our belief in a future existence: G 4 " they [ 128 ] "they give energy to virtue, and ftabi " lity to principle." "This," said M. Verneuil, " is what " I have often felt, and what every in" " mind must acknowledge." La Luc and M. Verneuil continued in conversation till the fun had left the scene. The mountains , darkened by twilight, assumed a sublimer aspee, while the tops of some of the highest Alps were yet illumined by the fun's rays, and formed a frriking contrast to the ihadowy obscurity of the world below. As they descended through the woods, and traversed the margin of the lake, 'the still refs and solemnity of the hour diffused a peniive sweetness over their minds, and sunk them into silence. They found supper spread as was usual, in the hall, of which the windows opened upon a garden, where the flowers might be said to yield their fragrance in gratitude to the refreshing dews. The windows were embowered with eglantine and [ 29 i and other sweet shrubs, which hung in wild luxuriance around, and formed a beautiful and simple decoration. Clara and Adeline loved to pass the evenings in this hall, where they had acquired the first rudiments of astronomy, and fi-om which they had a wide view of the heavens. La Lic pointed out to them the planets and the fixed stars, explained their laws, and from thence taking occasion to mingle moral with scientific inftlu&ion, would often ascend towards that great sirs cause, whose nature soars beyond the grasp of human comprehension. "No study," he would Sometimes say, " so much enlarges the mind, or "impresses it with so sublime an idea of "the Deity, as that of astronomy. When "the imagination launches into the re" " of space, and contemplates the "innumerable worlds which are scattered " through it, we are lost in astonishment " and awe . This globe appears as ag 5 "mass [ i3o 1 " mass as atoms in the irmmenfity of C the universe, and man. a mere infe&. ' Yet how wonderful ! that man, whose " frame is so diminutive in the fea'e of " being, should have powers which spurn "the narrow boundaries of time and "place,. soar beyond the sphere of his " existence, penetrate the secret laws of " nature, and calculate their progress C live effects." C 0! how expressively does this prove " the spirituality of our Being! Let the " materialist confider it, and blush that " he has ever doubted." In this hall the whole family now met at supper, and during the remainder of the evening the conversation turned upon general fubjets, in which Clarajoined in r.odef and judicious remark. La Luc had taught her to familiarise her mind to reasoning, and had accustomed her to deliver her sentiments freely: Ihe spoke them with a simplicity extremely engaging, and which convinced her hearers that E 13i 1 that the love of knowledge, not the vanity of talking, induced her to converse.. M. Verneuil evidently endeavoured to, draw forth her sentiments, and Clara, interested by the fubjepts he introduced, a stranger to affeaation,, and pleased with the opinions he expressed, answered them with frankness and animation. They retired mutually pleased with. each other. M. Verneuil was about six and. thirty;. his figure manly, his countenance frank. and engaging. A quick penetrating eye,, whose fire was softened by benevolence,. disclosed the chief traits of his.charaeter; he was quick to discern, but generous to! excuse, .the follies of mankind;. and while no. one more sensibly felt an injury, none more readily accepted. the concefiton of an enemy. He was. by birth a Frenchman.. A fortune lately devolved to him, had enabled him to execute the plan, which his active and inquisitive mind had suggested, of' Y'iewing the most remarkable parts of the G 6 con[ [ ] continent of Europe. He was peculiarly susceptible of the 'beautifuliand sublime in nature. To such a taste Switzerland, and the adjacent country, was, of all others, the most interesting; and he found the fcenerv it exhibited infinitely surpassing all that his glowing imagination had