possible it might yet fheter some human being, advanced to the gate and lifted a maflfy knocker. The hollow sounds rung through the emptiness of the place. After waiting a few minutes, he forced back the gate, which was heavy with ironwork, and creaked harshly on its hinges. He [ 40 J He entered what appeared to have been the chapel of the abbey, where the hymn of devotion had once been raised, and the tear of penitence had once been shed; sounds, which could now only be recalled by imagination tears of penitence, which had been long since fixed in fate. La Motte paused a moment, for'he felt a sensation of sublimity rising into terror a suspension of mingled afro nilhment and awe ! He surveyed the vastness of the place, and as he contemplated its ruins , fancy bore him back to past ages. " And these walls," said he, " where once superstition lurked, and · austerity anticipated an earthly purga " tory, now tremble over the mortal re" " of the beings who reared them!" The deepening gloom reminded La Motte that he had no time to lose; but curiosity prompted him to explore falrther, and he obeyed the impulse. As he walked over the broken pavement, the sound of his steps ran in echoes through the [ 41 J the place, and feetnedlike the mysterious accents of the dead, reproving the sacrilegious mortal who thus dared to disturb their precincts. From this chapel he passed into the nave of the great church, of which one window, more perfec than the rest, opened upon a long vicfta of the forest, through which was seen the rich colouring of evening, melting by imperceptible gradations into the solemn grey of upper air. Dark hills, whose outline appeared diftina upon the vivid glow of the ho, - rizon, closed the perspective. Several of the pillars, which had once supported the roof, remained the proud effigies of linking greatness, and seemed to nod at every murmur of the blast over the fragments of those that had fallen a little before them. La Motte sighed. The comparison between himself and the gradation of decay, which there columns exhibited, was but too obvious and as secting. "A few years," said he, "and "t C 42 3 " I shall become like the mortals on: "whose relics I now gaze, and, like C them too, I may be the subje&t of meditation to a succeeding generation, '~ which shall totter but a little while "over the object they contemplate, ever "they also fink into the dust." Retiring from this scene, he walked through the cloisters, till a door, which communicated with a lofty part of the bailding, attraqed his curiosity. He opened this and perceived, across the foot of a .fair cafe, another door; - but now, partly checked by fear, and partly by the recolletion of the surprise his family might feel in his absence, he returned with haftcy steps to his carriage, having wafted some of the precious moments of twilight, and gained no information. Some slight answer to Madame La. Motte's inquiries) and a general direc, tioa to Peter to drive carefully on, and. look for a road, was all that his anxiety would C 43 3' would, permit him to utter. The night (hade fell thick around, which, deepened by the gloom of the forest, soon rendered it dangerous to proceed; Peter fltopped, but La Motte, persisting in his first de. termination, ordered him: to go on. Peter ventured to remrnonftirate, Madame La Motte entreated, but La Motte repro ved commanded, and at length re. pented; for the hind wheel rising upon the .itut.p of a' old tree, which the dark ness had prevented Peter from observing, the carriage as in an instant overturned The party, as. may be fuppofedcl, were. much terrified, but noone was. materially hurt, and having disengaged themselves from their perilous situation, La Motte and Peter endeavoured to raise the carriage. The extent of this misfortune was now discovered, for they perceived that the wheel was. broke. Their distress was reasonably great, for not only was the coach disabled from proceeding,. but it could not even. afford a ihelter from. [ 44 ] from the cold dews of the night, it being impotlible to preserve it in an upright situation. After a few moments silence, La. Motte proposed that they should return to the ruins they had just quitted, which lay at a very short dif tanee, and pass the night in the most habitable part of them; that, when morning dawned, Peter should take one of the coach horses, and endeavour to find a road and a town, from whence assistance could be procured for repairing the carriage. This proposal was opposed by madamela Motte, who shuddered at the idea of pafflling so many hours in darkness ina place so forlorn as the monastery. Terrors , which she neither endeavoured to examine, or combat, overcame her, and she told La Motte file had rather remain expofed.to the unwholesome dews of night, than encounter the desolation of the ruins . La Motte had at first felt an equal reluacance to return to this spot, but havingfubdued his own feelings,, [ 4'5 i: eelings, he resolved not to yield to those of his wife. The horses being now disengaged from the carriage, the party moved towards the edifice. As they proceeded, Peter, who followed them, struck a light, and they entered the ruins by the flame of slicks, which he' had collected. The partial gleams thrown across the fabric seemed to make its desolation more solemn, while the obscurity of the greater part of the'pile heightened its sublimity , and led fancy on to scenes of horror . Adeline, who had hitherto remained silent, now uttered an exclamation of mingled admiration' and fear. A kind ofpleafting dread thrilled her bosom, and filled all her soul. Tears started to her, eyes: -- flhe wished, yet feared, to go on; -- he hung upon