the expecation of such sublimity as we had lately regretted, and to efthwait water in the valley below. This is a narrow, pleasant lake, about half a mile broad and two miles long, with gradual hills, green to their tops, riling round the margin i with plantations and pastures alternately spreading spreading along the easy shores, and white farms scattered sparingly upon the slopes above. The water seems to glide through the quiet privacy of pleafure grounds; so fine is the turf on its banks, so elegant its eopfes, and such an air of peace and retirement prevails over it. A neat white village lies at the feet of the hills near the head of the lake; beyond it is the grey town of Hawkfhead, with its church and parsonage on an eminence commanding the whole valley. Steep hills rise over them, and, more distant, the tall heads of the Coni flon sells, dark and awful , with a confusion of other mountains . Hawkflead, thus delightfully placed, is an ancient, but small town, with a few good houses, and a neat townhouse, lately built by subscriptions, of which the chief part was gratefully supplied by London merchants, who had been educated at the free B b 4 school school here; and this school itself is a memorial of gratitude, having been founded by Archbiflhop Sandys for the advantage of the town, which gave him birth. Near Hawkfhead are the remains of the house, where the Abbot of Furness " kept residence by one or more monks, who performed divine service and other parochial duties in the neighbourhood." There is still a courtroom over the gateway, " where the bailiff of Hawkffiead held court, and distributed justice, in the name of the abbot." From the tremendous steeps of the long fell, which towers over Hawkfhead, astonishing views open to the distant vales and mountains of Cumberland; overlooking all the grotesque summits in the neighbourhood of Grasmere, the fells of Borrowdale in the furthest distance, langdale pikes, and several small lakes, seen gleaming in the bosom bosom of the mountains . Before us, rose the whole multitude of conifton sells, of immense height and threatening forms, their tops thinly darkened with thunder mists, and, on the left, furnefs sells finking towards the bay, which Ulverfton sands form for the sea. As we advanced, conifton sells seemed to multiply, and became frill more impressive, till, having reached at length the summit of the mountain , we looked down upon thurlton lake immediately below, and saw them rising abruptly round its northern end in somewhat of the sublime attitudes and dark majesty of Ullswater. A range of lower rocks, nearer to the eye, exhibited a very peculiar and grotesque appearance, coloured fears and deep channels marking their purple fides, as if they had been rifted by an earthquake. The road descends the flinty steeps towards wards the eastern bank of the lake, that spreads a surface of six miles in length and generally three quarters of a mile in breadth, not winding in its course, yet much indented with bays, and presenting nearly its whole extent at once to the eye. The grander features are the fells, that crown its northern end, not distantly and gradually, like those of Windermere, nor varied like them with magnificent colouring, but rising in haughty abruptness, dark, rugged and ltupendous, within a quarter of a mile of the margin, and hfutting out all prospect of other mountain fummits. At their feet, pastures spread a bright green to the brim of the lake. Nearly in the centre of these fells, which open in a semicircle to receive the lake, a catarat descends, but its shining line is not of a breadth proportioned to the vastness of its perpendicular fall. The village of conirlon is sweetly seated seated under shelter of the rocks; and, at a distance beyond, (; n the edge of the water, the ancient hall, or priory, shows its turret and ivyed ruins among old woods. The whole picture is refleted in the liquid mirror below. The gay, convivial chorus, or solemn vesper, that once swelled along the lake from these consecrated walls, and awakened, perhaps, the enthusiasm of the voyager, while evening Rfole upon the scene, is now contratfed by desolation and profound repose, and, as he glides by, he hears only the dashing of his oars, or the surge beating on the shore. This lake appeared to us one of the most charming we had seen. From the sublime mountains , which bend round its head, the heights, on either fide, decline towards the south into waving hills, that form its shores, and often ifretch in long sweeping points into the water, generally covered with ~8~~~~~ tpfted tufted wood, but sometimes with the tender verdure of pasturage. The tops of these woods were just embrowned with autumn, and contrasted well with other slopes, rough and heathy, that rose above, or fell beside them to the water's brink, and added force to the colouring, which the reddish tints of decaying fern, the purple bloom of heath, and the bright golden gleams of broom, spread over there elegant banks. Their hues, the graceful undulations of the marginal hills and bays, the richness of the woods, the solemnity of the northern fells and the deep repose, that pervades the scene, where only now and then a white cottage or a farm lurks among the trees, are circumstances, which render thurifon lake one of the most interesting and, perhaps, the most beautiful of any irt the country. The road undulates over copfy hills, and dips into ihallow valleys along the whole of the the eastern bank, seldom greatly elevated above the water, or descending to a level with it, but frequently opening to extensive views of its beauties, and again shrouding itself in verdant gloom. The most impressive pictures were formed by the fells, that crowd over the upper end of the lake, and which, viewed from a low fiation, sometimes appeared nearly