and nearly surrounded by a vast amphitheatre of mountains . In front of the inn, at the difance of half a league, extend, along the opposite shore of the Rhine, the Seven Mountains , so long seen and admired, which here assume a new attitude. The three tallest points are now nearest to the eye, and the lower mountains are seen either in the perspective between them, or finking, with less abrupt declivities, into the plains, on the north. The whole mass exhibits a grandeur of outline, such as the pencil only can describe; but fancy may paint the stupendous precipices of rock, that rise over the Rhine, the rich tuftings of wood, that emboss the clifs or lurk lurk within the recesses, the spiry summits and the ruined castles, faintly discerned, that crown them. Yet the appearance of there mountains , though more grand, from Goodefberg, is less sublime than from Bonn; for the nearness, which increases their grandeur, diminishes their sublimity by removing the obscurity that had veiled them. To the south of this plain, the long perfpeeive is crossed by further ranges of mountains , which open to glimpses of others still beyond; an endless succession of summits, that lead on the imagination to unknown valleys and regions of solitary obscurity . Amidst so many attractions of nature, art cannot do much. The little, which it attempts, at Goodefberg, is the disposition of some walks from the houses to a spring, which is said to resemble that at Spa, and through the woods above it. Twice a week there are some musical performances and a ball ball given by the Elecor, who frequently appears, and with the ease and plainness of a private gentleman; At there entertainments the company, visiting the spring, are joined by neighbouring families, so as to be in number sixty, or a hundred. The balls, agreeably to the earliness of German hoursi begin at six; and that, which we meant to see, was nearly concluded before our arrival. The company then retired to a public game, at which large sums of gold were riaked, and a severe anxiety defied the influence of Mozart's music, that continued to be played by an excellent orchestra. The dresses of the company were in the English taste , and, as we were glad to believe, chiefly of Englith manufacture; the wearing of countenances by play appears to be also according to our manners; and the'german ladies, with features scarcely iefs elegant, have complexions, perhaps, finer than are general in England. 2 maedltating Meditating censures against the Eletor's policy, or carelessness, in this respect, we took advantage of the last gleams of evening, to ascend the slender and spiry mountain , which bears the name of the village, and appears ready to precipitate the ruins of its ancient castle upon it.' A sleep road, winding among vineyards and dwarf wood, enters, at the summit of the mountain , the broken walls, which surround the ancient citadel of the castle; an almost solid building, that has existed for more than five centuries. From the area of these ruins we saw the fun set over the whole line of plains, that extend to the westward of Cologne, whose spires were distinctly visible. Bonn, and the hill SANCTA crucis, appeared at a league's distance, and the windings of the Rhine gleamed here and there amidst the rich scene, like distant lakes. It was a still and beautiful evening, in which no ihade remained of the thunder clouds, R that that passed in the day. To the west, under the glow of sunset, the landscape melted into the horizon in tints so soft, so clear, so delicately roseate as Claude only could have painted. Viewed, as we then saw it, beyond a deep and dark arch of the ruin , its effecst was enchanting; it Was to the eye, what the finet firains of Paifiello are to the heart, or the poetry of Collins is to the fancy all tender, sweet, elegant and glowing. From the other fide of the hill the character of the view is entirely different, and, instead of a long prospect over an open and level country, the little plain of Goodes berg appears reposing amidst wild and awful mountains . These were now melancholy and silent; the a!itf rays were fading from their many points, and the obscurity of twilight began to spread over them. We seemed to have found the spot, for which Collins wified: ( Now "'N ow let me rove some wild and heathy scene,. Or find some ruin 'midst its dreary dells, Whose walls more awful nod By thy religious gleams." ODE TO EVENING. And this is a place almost as renowned in the history of the country, as it is worthy to exercise the powers of poetry and painting. The same Ernest, in the cause of whose sovereignty the massacre of Neuss was perpetrated, besieged here the same Gerard de Trufches, the Eletor, who had embraced the Protestant religion, and for whom Neuss held out. The castle of Goodefberg was impregnable, except by famine, but was very liable to that from its insulated situation, and the ease, with which the whole base of the mountain could be surrounded. Gerard's defence was rendered the more obstinate by his belief, that nothing less than his life, and that of a R z beautiful beautiful woman, the marrying of whom had constituted one of the offences against his Chapter, would appease his ferocious enemies. He was personally beloved by his garrison, and they adhered to him with the affecion of friends, as well as with the enthuiafin of soldiers. When, therefore, they perceived, that their surrender could not be much longer protraced, they resolved to employ their remaining time and strength in enabling him to separate his fortunes from theirs. They laboured incessantly in forming a subterraneous passage, which should open beyond the besiegers' lines; and, though their distress became extreme before this was completed, they made no overtures for a surrender, till Gerard and