shades of turf and moss, and with heath, of which a dull purple was the prevailing hue. Not a tree, or bush appeared on Skiddaw, nor even a stone wall anywhere broke the simple greatness of its lines. Sometimes, we looked into tremendous chasms, where the torrent, heard roaring long before it was seen, had worked itself a deep channel, and fell from ledge to ledge, foaming and lining amidst the dark rock. These fireams are sublime from the length and precipitancy of their course, which, hurrying the fight with them into the abyss, ad, as it were, in sympathy upon the nerves, and, to save ourselves from following, we recoil from the view with involuntary horror . Of I Of such, however, we saw only two, and those by some departure from the usual course up the mountain ; but everywhere met gushing springs, till we were within two miles of the summit, when our guide added to the rum in his bottle what he said was the last water we should find in our ascent. The air now became very thin, and the steeps still more difficult of ascent; but it was often delightful to look down into the green hollows of the mountain , among pastoral scenes, that wanted only some mixture of wood to render them enchanting. About a mile from the summit, the way was, indeed, dreadfully sublime , laying, for nearly half a mile, along the ledge of a precipice, that passed, with a swift descent, for probably near a mile, into a glen within the heart of Skiddaw; and not a bush, or a hillock interrupted its vast length, or, by offering offering a midway check in the defdefit, diminished the fear it inspired. The ridgy fieeps of Saddleback formed the opposite boundary of the glen, and, though really at a considerable distance, had, from the height of the two mountains , such an appearance of nearness, that it almost seemed as if we could spring to its fide. How much too did simplicity increase the sublime of this scenery, in which nothing but mountain , heath and sky appeared! But our situation was too critical, or too unusual, to permit the just imprefions of such sublimity . The hill rose so closely above the precipice as scarcely to allow a ledge wide enough for a single horse. We followed the guide in silence, and, till we regained the more open wild, had no leisure for exclamation. After this, the ascent appeared easy and secure, and we were bold enough to wonder , that the steeps near the beginning beginning of the mountain had excited any anxiety. At length, paling the skirts of the two points of Skiddaw, which are nearest to Derwentwater, we approached the third and loftiest, and then perceived, that their steep fides, together with the ridges, which conned them, were entirely covered near the summits with a whitish shivered slate, which threatens to slide down them with every gust of wind. The broken slate of this slate makes the present summits seem like the ruins of others; a circumstance as extraordinary in appearance as difficult to be accounted for. The ridge, on which we passed from the neighbourhood of the second summit to the third, was narrow, and the eye reached, on each fide, down the whole extent of the mountain , following, on the left, the rocky precipices, that impend over the lake of of Bassenthwaite, and looking, on the right. into the glens of Saddleback, far, far below. But the profpeas, that burst upon us from every part of the vati horizon, when we had gained the summit, were such as we had scarcely dared to hope for, and must now rather venture to enumerate, than to describe. We tsood on a pinnacle, commanding the whole dome of the sky. The pro. spes below, each of which had been be, fore considered separately as a great scene, were now miniature parts of the immense landscape. To the north, lay, like a map, the vati trat of low country, which extends between Bassenthwaite and the Irish Channel, marked with the silver circles of the river Derwent, in Its progress from the lake. vwhitehaven and its white coast were diftinf&ly seen, and Cockermouth seemed almost under the eye. A long blackish line, line, more to the west, resembling a saintly formed cloud, was said by the guide to be the Isle of Man, who, however, had the honesty to confess, that the mountains of Down in Ireland, which have been some, times thought visible, had never been seen by him in the clearest weather. Bounding the low country to the north; the wide Solway Firth, with its indented shores, looked like a grey horizon, and the double range of scotti.h mountains , seen dimly through mist beyond, like lines of dark clouds above it. The Solway appeared surprisingly near us, though at fifty miles 'distance, and the guide said, that? on a bright day, its ihipping could plainly be discerned. Nearly in the north, the heights seemed to soften into plains, for no object was there visible through the obscurity , that had begun to draw over the furthest distance; but, towards the east, they appeared VOL. 11. Z to to swell again, and what we were told were the Cheviot hills dawned feebly beyond Northumberland. We now spanned the narrowest part of England, looking from. the Irilt Channel, on one file, to the German Ocean, on the other, which latter was, however, so far off as to be discernible only like a miit. Nearer than the county of Durham, firtched the ridge of crofs fell, and an in diriin& multitude of the \eftmroreland and Yorkfnire hlghlands, where lines disappeared behind Saddleback, now evidently pre emincent over skiddcaw, so much so as to exclude many a height beyond it. Pasing this mountain in our course to the south, we saw, immediately below, the fells round Derwentwater, the lake itself remaining still concealed in their deep rocky bofotn. Southward and westward,