Brougham Castle, once' the terror , and, even in ruins , the pride of the scene, now half ihrouded in its melancholy grove. These objeas were lighted up by partial gleams of sunshine, which, as they fled along the valley, gave magical effet to all they touched. The other vales in the home profpea were those of Bampton and Emont; the first open and gentle, Ihaded by the gradual woods of lowther park; the lars closer and more more romantic, withdrawing in many a lingering bend towards Ullswater, where it is closed by the pyramidal Dunmallard, but not before a gleam of the la' e is suffered to appear beyond the dark base of the hill. At the nearer end of the vale, and immediately tinder the eye, the venerable ruins of Penrith Castle crest a round green hill. These are of pale red htone, and fraud in detached masses; but have little that is piaurefque in their appearance, time having spared neither tower, or gateway, and not a tingle tree giving shade, or force, to the Shattered walls. The ground about the castle is broken into grassy knolls, and only cattle wander over the desolated trac. Time has also obscured the name of the founder; but it is known, that the main building was repaired, and some addition made to it by Richard the Third, when Duke of Glou Pester, who lived here, for five years, in his office office of sheriss of Cumberland, promoting the York interest by artful hofpitalities, and endeavouring to strike terror into the Lan cafirians. Among the ruins is a subterraneous passage, leading to a house in Penrith, above three hundred yards distant, called Dockwray Castle. The town lies between the fortress and the beacon hill, spreading prettily along the skirts of the mountain , .with its. many roofs of blue slate, among which the church rites near a dark grove. Penrith, from the latter end of the last century, till lately, when it was purchased by the Duke of Devonshire, belonged to the family of Portland, to whom it was given by William the Third i probably instead of the manors in Wales, which it was one of William's few faulty designs to have given to his favourite companion, had not Parliament remonstrated, and informed him, st the Crown could not alienate the territories ritories of the Principality. The church, a building of red stone, unusually well disposed in the interior, is a vicarage of small endowment; but the value of money in this part of the kingdom is so high, that the merit of independence, a merit and a happiness which should always belong to clergymen, is attainable by the possessors of very moderate incomes. What is called the Giant's Grave in the church yard is a narrow spot, enclosed, to the length of fourteen or fifteen feet, by rows of low stones, at the fides, and, at the ends, by two pillars, now slender, but apparently worn by the weather from a greater thickness. The height of there is eleven or twelve feet; and all the stones, whether in the borders, at the fides, or in there pillars, bear traces of rude carving, which show, at least, that the monument muff have been thought very important by those. that raised it, since the singularity singularity of its size was not held a sufficient diftinaion. We pored intently over there traces, though certainly without the hope of discovering anything not known to the eminent antiquarians, who have con.. fefed their ignorance concerning the origin of them. FROM PENR'TH TO KES vick. THZ Grayvlcck road, which we took for the first five or six miles, is uninteresting, and offers nothing worthy of attention, before the approach to the castle, the seat of the Duke of Norfolk. The appearance of this from the road is good; a grey building, with gothic towers, seated in a valley among lawns and woods, that stretch, with great pomp of ihade, to gently rifing hills., Behind Behind these, Saddleback, huge, grey and barren, rites with all its ridgy lines; a grand and simple background, giving exquisite effet to the dark woods below. Such is the height of the mountain , that, though eight or ten miles off, it appeared, as we approached the castle, almtoil to impend over it. Southward from Saddleback, a multitude of pointed summits crowd the horizon; and it is most interesting, after leaving Graylfock, to observe their changing attitudes, as you advance, and the gradual dif closure of their larger features. Perhaps, a sudden display of the sublimest scenery, however full, imparts lets emotion, than a gradually increasing view of it; when ex petation takes the highest tone, and imagination finishes the fietch. About two miles beyond Grayftock, the moorlands commence, and, as far as simple greatness constitutes sublimity , this was, indeed, deed, a sublime profpet; less so only thaii that from Shapfell itself, where the mountains are not so varied in their forms and are plainer in their grandeur. We were on a vast plain, if plain that may be called, which swells into long undulations, surrounded by an amphitheatre of heathy mountains , that seem to have been shook by some grand convulsion of the earth, and tumbled around in all ihapes. Not a tree, a hedge, and seldom even a stone wall, broke the grandeur of their lines; what was not heath was only rock and grey crags; and a fiepherd's hut, or his flocks, browsing on the Reep fides of the fells, or in the narrow valleys, that opened diflantly, was all that diverfited the vast scene. Saddleback spread his skirts westward along the plain, and then reared himself in terrible and lonely majesty. In the long perfpeaive beyond, were the crowding points of the sells sells round Keswick, Borrowdale, and the vales of St. John and Leyberthwaite, stretching away to those near Grasmere. The weather was in solemn harmony with the scenery; long ihadows swept over the hills, followed by gleaming lights. Tempestuous gusts