various, sometimes nearly two miles and seldom less than one; but skelling nab, a vant rock in the second reach, projecs so as to reduce it to less than a quarter of a mile. These are chiefly the reputed measurements, but the eye loses its power of judging even of the breadth, confounded by the boldness of the shores shores and the grandeur of the fells, that rise beyond; the proportions however are grand, for the water retains its dignity, notwithstanding the vastness of its accon paniments; a circumstance, which Derwentwater can scarcely boast. The second bend, assuming the form of a river, is very long, but generally broad, and brought strongly to remembrance some of the palses of the Rhine beyond Coblentz: though, here, the rocks, that rise over the water, are little wooded; and, there, their skirts are never margined by pasture, or open to such fairy summer scenes of vivid green mingling with shades of wood and gleams of corn, as sometimes appear within the recesses of these wintery mountains . These cliffs, however, do not show the variety of hue, or marbled veins, that frequently surprise and delight on the Rhine, being generally dark and grey, and the varieties rieties in their complexion, when there are any, purely aerial; but they are vast and broken; rise immediately from the itream, and often ihoot their mafes over it; while the expanse of water below accords with the dignity of that river in many of its reaches. Once too, there were other points of resemblance, in the ruins of monasteries and convents, which, though reason rejoices that they no longer exist, the eye may be allowed to regret. Of there, all which now remains on record is, that a society of Be nedidine monks was founded on the fiun mit of Dunmallet, and a nunnery of the same order on a point behind sowlby fell; traces of these ruins , it is said, may still be seen. Thus grandeur and immensity are the charaderiftics of the left shore of the second reach; the right exhibits romantic .ildnefs in the rough ground of Dacrer common common and the craggy heights above, and, further on, the sweetest forms of reposing beauty, in the grassy hillocks and undulating copses of gowbarrow park, fringing the water, sometimes over little rocky eminences, that projea into the stream, and, at others, in shelving bays, where the lake, transparent as crystal, breaks upon the pebbly bank, and laves the road, that winds there. Above these pastoral and sylvan landscapes, rife broken precipices, less tremendous than those of the opposite shore, with pastures pursuing the crags to a considerable height, speckled with cattle, which are exquisitely picturesque, as they graze upon the knolls and among the old trees, that adorn this finely declining park. Leaving the hamlet of Watermillock at Tome distance on the left, and pairing the seat of Mr. Robinson, sequestered in the gloom of beech and sycamores, : there are fine fine views over the second reach, as the road descends the common towards gowt barrow. Among the boldest sells, that breall the lake on the left shore, are Hol ling fell and swarth fell, now no longer boasting any part of the forest of Martindale, but filewing huge walls of naked rock, and scars, which many torrents have in fii&ed. Oi; e channel only in this dry sea ion retained its flining fiream; the chafin wvas dreadful, partilng the mountain from the finmmit to the base; and its waters in winter, leaping in foam from precipice to precipice, mull be infinitely sublime ; not, however, even then from their mass, but from the length and precipitancy of their dccent. The perfpeaive as the road descends into Gcwbarrov -- paik is perhaps the very finest on the lake. The scenery of the firll react is almost tnae when compared with this, and nnd it is difficult to say where it can be equalled for Alpine sublimity , and for effeaing wonder and awful elevation. The lake, after expanding at a distance to great breadth, once more loses itself beyond the enormous pile of rock called place fell, opposite to which the shore, seeming to close upon all further progress, is bounded by two promontories covered with woods, that shoot their luxuriant foliage to the water's edge. The ihattered mass of grey rock, called yew crag, rites immediately over these, and, beyond, a glen opens to a chaos of mountains more solemn in their aspect, and singular in their flapes, than any which have appeared, point crowding over point in lofty succession. Among these is stone crofs pike and huge Helvellyn, scowling over all; but, though this retains its preeminence, its dignity is lost in the mass of alps around and below it. A fearful gloom gloom involved them; the ihadows of a stormy sky upon mountains of dark rock and heath. All this is seen over the woody foreground of the park, which, soon ihrouding us in its bowery lanes, allowed the eye and the fancy to repose, while venturing towards new forms and assemblages of sublimity . Meantime, the green shade, under which we paued, where the sultry low of cattle, and the sound of streams hurrying from the heights through the copses of Gowbar row to the lake below, were all that broke the stillness; these, with glealings of the water, close on the left, between the foliage, and which was ever changing its hue, sometimes assuming the soft purple of a pigeon's neck, at others the silvery tint of funfiine these circumstances of imagery were in soothing and beautiful variety with the gigantic visions we had lost. The The road still pursuing this border of the Like, the copies opened to partial views of the bold rocks, that form the opposite shore, and many a wild recess and solemn glen appeared and vanished among them, some ihewing only broken sells, the fides of others shaggy with forests, and nearly all lined, at their bases, with