precipice, from which the road is not sufficiently secured; so that the effea of the whole upon the imagination is much less than might be expeced from its situation at the foot of Skiddaw, and its shape, which is more extended than that of Derwentwater. BORROW BORROWDALE. A SERENE day, with gleams of sunshine, gave magical effect to the scenery of Derwentwater, as we wound along its eastern shore to Borrowdale, under cliffs, parts of which, already fallen near the road, increased the opinion of danger from the rest; sometimes near the edge of precipices, that bend over the water, and, at others, among pleafure grounds and copses, which admit partial views over the lake. These, with every woody promontory and mountain , were perfecly reflected on its surface. Nor a pathway, not a crag, or scar, that sculptured their bold fronts, but was copied and distinctly seen even from the opposite &hore in the dark purple mirror below. Now and and then, a pleafure boat glided by, leaving long silver lines, drawn to a point on the smooth water, which, as it gave back the painted fides and gleaming sail, displayed a moving picdure. The colouring of the mountains was, this day, surprisingly various and changeful, surpassing everything of the same nature, that we had seen. The effet of the atmosphere on mountainous regions is sometimes so sublime , at others so enchantingly beautiful, that the mention of it ought not to be considered as trivial, when their aspec is to be described. As the sunbeams fell on different kinds of rock, and diifance coloured the air, some parts were touched with lilac, others with light blue, dark purple, or reddish brown, which were often seen, at the same moment, contraifing with the mellow green of the woods and the brightness of funfline; then slowly and almost imperceptibly imperceptibly changing into other tints. Skiddaw itself exhibited much of this variety, during our ride. As we left Keswick, its points were overspread with pale azure; on our return, a tint of dark blue softened its features, which were, however, soon after involved in deepest purple. Winding under the woods of Barrowfide, we approached Lowdore, and heard the thunder of his cataract, joined by the sounds of others, descending within the gloom of the nearer rocks and thickets. The retro fpedive views over the lake from Barrow fide are the finest in the ride; and, when the road emerges from the woods, a range of rocks rites over it, where many shrubs, and even oaks, ash, yew, grow in a surprising manner among the broken fates, that cover their fides. Beyond, at some distance from the shore, appear the awful rocks, that rise over the fall of Lowdore; that that on the right shooting up, a vast Fyra, mid of naked cliff, above finely wooded steeps; while, on the opposite fide of the chasm, that receives the waters, impends gow dar crag, whose trees and ihrubs give only shagginess to its terrible masses, with fragments of which the meadows below are firew n. There was now little water at Lowdore; but the breadth of its channel and the height of the perpendicular rock, from which it leaps, told how tremendous it could be; yet even then its sublimity is probably derived chiefly from the cliff and mountain , that tower closely over it. Here Borrowdale begins, its rocks spreading in a vast sweep round the head of the lake, at the diitance, perhaps, of half a mile from the cfore, which bears meadow land to the water's brink. The aspec of there rocks, with the fragments, that have rolled fromn their fammits, and lie on each fide of the the road, prepared us for the scene of tremendous ruin we were approaching in the gorge, or pass of Borrowdale, which opens from the centre of the amphitheatre, that binds the head of Derwentwater. Dark rocks yawn at its entrance, terrific as the wildness of a maniac; and disclose a narrow pats, running up between mountains of granite, that are shook into almost every possible form of horror . All above refem bes the accumulations of an earthquake; splintered, slivered, piled, amassed. Huge cliffs have rolled down into the glen below, where, however, is fill a miniature of the sweetest pastoral beauty, on the banks of the river Derwent; but description cannot paint either the wildness of the mountains , or the pastoral and sylvan peace and soft. ness, that wind at their base. Among the most striking of the fells are Glaramara, showing rock on rock; and Eagle eagle crag, where, till lately, that bird built its nest; but the depredations, annually committed on its young, have driven it from the place. Hence we pursued the pass for a mile, over a frightful road, that climbs: among the crags of a precipice above the river, having frequently glimpses into glens and chasms, where all passage seemed to be dibftrtied by the fallen shivers of rock, and at length reached the gigantic stone of Bowther, that appears to have been pitched into the ground from the summit of a neighbouring fell, and is shaped, like the roof of a house reverted. This is one of the fpedacles of the country. Its size makes it impossible to have been ever moved by human means; and, if it fell from the nearest of the rocks, - it muff have rolled upon the ground much further than can be readily conceived of the ifotion of such a mass. The fide towards the the road projecs about twelve feet over the base, and serves to ihelter cattle in a penn, of which it is made to form one boundary. A fiall oak plant and a floe have found soil enough to flourish in at the top; and the base is pitched on a cliff over the river, whence a long perfpetive of the gorge is seen, with a little level of bright verdure, spreading among more distant fells and winding away