by the fells half obscured in clouds. To' the south, the hills of the eastern shore, sloping gradually, run out in elegant and often well wooded points into the water, and are spotted with villas and varied above with enclosures. The opposite shore is for about a mile southward a continuation of the line 4 of of rock before noticed, from which Rawlin fon's nab pushes a bold headland over the lake; the perfieclive then finks away in low hills, and is croated by a remote ridge, that closes the icene. The villages of Rayrig and Bownefs, which are pissed in the way to the Ferry, both stand delightfully; one on an eminence commanding the whole lake, and the other within a recess of the shore, nearly opposite the large island. The winding banks of Windermere continually open new landscapes as you move along them, and the mountains , which crown its head, are as frequently changing their attitudes; but langcale pikes, the boldest features in the scene, are soon lost to the eye behind the nearer fells of the western Shore. The ferry is confiderabiy below Christian's island, and at the narrowest span of the lake, where two points of the shore extend to to meet each other. This island, said to contain thirty acres, intermingled with wood, lawn and shrubberies, embellishes, without decreasing the dignity of the scene; it is surrounded by attendant illets, some rocky, but others, beautifully covered with wood, seem to coronet the flood. In crossing the water the illusions of vision give force to the northern mountains , which viewed from hence appear to ascend from its margin and to spread round it in a magnificent amphitheatre. This was to us the most interesting view on Windermere. On our approaching the western shore, the range of rocks that form it, discovered their cliffs, 'and gradually assumed a consequence, which the breadth of the channel had denied them; and their darkness was well opposed by the bright verdure and variegated autumnal tints of the isles at their VOL. II B b base. base. On the bank, under shelter of there rocks, a white house was seen beyond the tall boles of a most luxuriant grove of plane trees, which threw their shadows over it, and on the margin of the silver lake spreading in front. From hence the road ascends the sleep and craggy fide of furnefs fell, on the brow of which we had a last view of Windermere, in its vwhle course; to the south, its tame but elegant landscapes gliding away into low and long perfpetive, and the lake gradually narrowing; to the north, its more impressive scenery; but the fines features of it were now concealed by a continuation of the rocks we were upon. V indeirm1ere is distinguished from all the other lakes of this country by its superior length and breadth, by the gentle hills, cultivated and enclosed nearly to their summits, that generally bind its shores, by the gradual diitance and fine disposition of the northera northern mountains , by the bold sweeps of its numerous bays, by the villas that speckle and rich plantations that wind them, and by one large island, surrounded by many islets, which adds dignity to its bosom. On the other lakes the islands are prettinesses, that do not accord with the charaaer of the scene; they break also the surface of the Water where vast continuity is required; and the mind cannot endure to descend suddenly from the gigantic sublimity of nature to her fairy sports. Yet, on the whole, Windermere was to us the least impressive of all the lakes. Except to the north, where the retiring mountains are disposed with uncommon grandeur of outline and magnificence of colouring, its scenery is tame, having little of the wild and nothing of the astonishing energy that appears on the sea tures of the more sequestered dilrits. The characters of the three great lakes may, perhaps, be thus difinguifhed: B b a Win Windermere: Diffusiveness, stately beauty, and, at the upper end, magnificence. Ullfwateri Severe grandeur and fubti mity; all that may give ideas ofvaft power and astonishing majesty. The effect of Ullf water is, that, awful as its scenery appears, it awakens the mind to expectation still more awful , and, touching all the powers of imagination , inspires that " fine frenzy" descriptive of the poet's eye, which not only bodies forth unreal forms, but imparts to substantial objets a charaler higher than their own. Derwentwater: Fantastic wildness and romantic beauty, but inferior to Ullswater in greatness, both of water and rocks; for, though it charms and elevates, it does not display such features and circumstances of the sublime , or call up such expectation of unimaged and uncertain wonder . A principal defect, if we may venture to call it so, of Derwentwater is, that the water is too small finall in proportion for the amphitheatre of the valley in which it lies, and therefore loses much of the dignity, that in other circumstances it would exhibit. The fault of Windermere is, perhaps, exactly the reverse; where the shores, not generally grand, are rendered tamer by the ample expanse of the lake. The proportions of Ullswater are more just, and, though its winding form gives it in some parts the air of a river, the abrupt and tremendous height of its rocks, the dark and crowding summits of the fells above, the manner in which they enclose it, together with the dignity of its breadth, empower it constantly to assed the mind with emotions of astonishment and lofty expeaa tion. B b FROM FROMI "WINDERMERE TO HAWKSHEAD, TIURSTON l.ae AND ULVERSTON. AFTER ascending tile laborious crags and precipices of furnefs fell, enlivened, however, by frequent views of the southern end of "Tindermere, the road immediately descends the opposite fide of the mountain , which shuts out the beautiful scenery of the lake; but the profpeat oon after opens to other mountains of Furness, in the distance, which revive