rock. As a single object, it is wonderfully grand; and, Connected with the scene, its effect is subs 3 lime, lime. The lower rocks are called Silver rays, and not inaptly; for, when the fun shines upon them, their variegated fides somewhat resemble in brightness the rays _ireaming beneath a cloud. The last reach of Ullswater, which is on the right of this point, expands into an oval, and its majestic surface is spotted with little rocky islets, that would adorn a less sacred scene; here they are prettinesses, that can fcarceiy be tolerated by the grandeur of its characer. The tremendous mountains , which scowl over the gorge of Patterdale;. the cliffs, massy, broken and overlooked by a multitude of dark summits, with the grey walls of Swarth and Martindale sells, that upheave themselves on the eastern shore, form altogether one of the most grand and awful pictures on the lake; yet, admirable and impressive as it is, as to solemnity and astonishment , its effet with us was not equal equal to that of the more alpine iketch, caught in ditfant perspective from the de fient into gowbarrow park. In these views of Ullswater, sublimity and greatness are the predominating cha raters, though beauty often glows upon the western bank. The mountains are all bold, gloomy and severe. When we saw them, the iky accorded well with the scene, being frequently darkened by autumnal clouds; and the cquinocial gale swept the surface of the lake, marking its blackness with long white lines, and beating its waves over the rocks to the foliage of the thickets above. The trees, that ihade these eminences, give greater force to the scenes, which they either partially exclude, or wholly admit, and become themselves fine objects, enriched as they are with the darkest imofs. From hence the ride to the village of $ 4 Patterdale, Patterdale, at the lake's head, is, for the firr part, over precipices covered with wood, whence you look down, on the left, upon the water, or upon pastures firetching to it; on the right, the rocks rise abruptly, and often impend their masses over the road; or open to narrow dells, green, rocky and overlooked by endless mountains . About halfway to the village of Patter dale, a peninsula spreads from this shore into the lake, where a white house, peeping from a grove and surrounded with green enclosures, is beautifully placed. This is an inn, and, perhaps, the principal one, as to accommodation; but, though its situation, on a spot which on each fide commands the lake, is very fine, it is not comparable, in point of wildness and sublimity , to that of the cottage, called the King's Arms, at Patterdale. In the way thither, are enchanting catches of the lake, between the the trees on the left, and peeps into the glens, that wind among the alps towards. Helvellyn, on the right. These multiply near the head of Ullswater, where they start off as from one point, like radii, and conclude in tracklef3 solitudes. It is difficult to spread varied pictures of such scenes before the imagination . A repetition of the same images of rock, wood. and water, and the same epithets of grand, vast and sublime , which necessarily occur,. muff appear tautologous, on paper, though their archetypes in nature, ever varying in outline, or arrangement, exhibit new visions to the eye, and produce new fiades of effee on the mind. It is difficult also, where there delightful differences have been experienced, to forbear dwelling on the remembrance, and attempting to iketch the peculiarities, which occasioned them. The scenery at the head of Ullswater is especially productive of such difficulties, where a wilh to to present the picture, and a consciousness of the impossibility of doing so, except by the pencil, meet and oppose each other. patterda!e itself is a name somewhat familiar to recollection, from the circumstance of the chief efate in it having given to its possessors, for several centuries, the title of Kings of Patterdale. The last person so dif tinguilhed was richer than his anceitors, having increased his income, by the mois ludicrous parsimony, to a thousand pounds a year. His son and successor is an industrious country gentleman, who hasim proved the sort of farming mansion, annexed to the estate, and, not asseting to depart much from the simple manners of the other inhabitants, is respectable enough to be generally called by his own name of Mounfey, instead of the title, which was probably seldom given to his ancestors, but in some sort of mockery. The village is very humble, as to the. conditions conditions and views of the inhabitants; and very respectable, as to their integrity and simplicity, and to the contentment, which is proved by the infrequency of emigrations to other diftrias. It straggles at the feet of fells, somewhat removed from the lake and near the entrance of the wild vale of Glenridding. Its white church is seen nearly from the commencement of the last reach, rising among trees, and in the churchyard are the ruins of an ancient yew, of remarkable size and venerable beauty; ' its trunk, hollowed and silvered by age, resembles twisted roots; yet the branches, that remain above, are not of melancholy black, but flourish in rich verdure and flaky foliage. The inn is beyond the village, securely sheltered under high crags, while enormous sells, close on the right, open to the gorge of Patterdale; and coldrill beck, issuing from from it, descends among the corn and meadows, to join the lake at a little distance. We had a happy evening at this cleanly cottage, where there was no want, without its recompense, from the civil offices of the people. Among the rocks, that rose over it, is a station, which has been more frequently selected than any other on the lake by the painter and the lover of the beau ldee, as the French and Sir JOSHUA REYNOLDS expressively term what Mr. BURKE explains in