Of VOL. II R theft, these, crofs fell, said to be the highefr mountain in Cumberland, gives its name to the whole northern ridge, which in its full extent, from the neighbourhood of gi}ls land to that of Kirkby steven, is near fifty miles. This perfpeaive of the extensive vale of Eden has grandeur and magnificence in as high a degree as that of Bampton has pastoral beauty, closing in the gloomy soli mdes of Hawfwater. The vale is finely wooded, and variegated with mansions, parks; meadow land, corn, towns, villages, arnd all that make a distant landscape rich, Among the peculiarities of it, are little mountains of alpine shape, that start up like pyramids in the middle of the vale, some covered with wood, others barren and rocky. The scene perhaps only wants a river like the Rhine, or the Thames, to make it the very finest in England for union of grandeur, beauty and extent. Opposite Opposite lowther hall, we gave a farewell look to the pleasant vale of Bampton and its southern fells, as the road, winding more to the west, led us over the highlands, that separate it from the vale of Emont. Then, ascending through shady lanes and among fields where the oat harvest was gathering, we had enchanting retrofpets of the vale of Eden, spreading to the east, with all its chain of mountains chequered by the autumnal shadows. Soon after, the road brought us to the brows of Emont, a narrow well wooded vale, the river, from which it takes its name, meandering through it from Ullf water among pastures and pleafure grounds, to meet the Lowther near Brougham Castle. Penrith and its castle and beacon look up the vale from the north, and the astonishing fells of Ullswater close upon it in the south; while Delemain, the house and beautiful R 2 grounds grounds of Mr. Haffel, Hutton St. Johl, a venerable old mansion, and the single tower called dacre caftle adorn the valley. But who can pause to admire the elegancies of art, when surrounded by the wonders of nature? The approach to this sublime lake along the heights of Emont is exquisitely interesting; for the road, being shrouded by woods, allows the eye only partial glimpses of the gigantic shapes, that are assembled in the distance, and, awakening high expectation, leaves the imagination , thus elevated, to paint the " forms of things un fen." Thus it was, when we caught a iirll view of the dark broken tops of the fells, that rise round Ullswater, of size and shape most huge, bold, and awful ; overspread with a blue myfierious tint, that seemed almost supernatural, though according in gloom and sublimity with the severe features it involved. Further Further on, the mountains began to unfold themselves; their outlines, broken, abrupt and interfering each other in innu mnerable diretions, seemed, now and then, to fall back like a multitude at some supreme command, and permitted an oblique glimpse into the deep vales. A close lane then descended towards pooly bridge, where, at length, the lake itself appeared beyond the spreading branches, and, soon after, the first reach expanded before us, with all its mountains tumbled round it; rocky, ruinous and vast , impending, yet rising in wild confufiron and multiplied points behind each other. This view of the first reach from the foot of Dunmallet, a pointed woody hill, near pooly bridge, is one of the finest on the lake, which here spreads in a noble sheet, near three miles long, and almost two mniles broad, to the base of thwaithill nab, R 3 winding winding round which it disappears, and the whole is then believed to be seen. The characer of this view is nearly that of simple grandeur; the mountains , that impend over the shore in front, are peculiarly awful in their forms and attitudes; on the left, the fells soften; woodlands, and their pastures, colour their lower declivities, and the water is margined with the tenderet verdure, opposed to the dark woods and crags above. On the right, a green conical hill lopes to the shore, where cattle were reposing on the grass, or sipping the clear wave; further, rise the bolder rocks of thwaithill nab, where the lake disappears and, beyond, the dark precipices and summits of fells, that crown the second reach. Winding the foot of Dunmallet, the almost pyramidal hill, that shuts up this end of Ullswater, and separates it from the vale of Emont, we crossed Barton bridge, where this this little river, clear as crystal, issues from the lake, and through a close pass hurries over a rocky channel to the vale. Its woody steeps, the tufted island, that interrupts its stream, and the valley beyond, form altogether a piature in fine contrast with the majesty of Ullswater, expanding on the other fide of the bridge. We followed the ikirts of a smooth green hill, the 'lake, on the other hand, flowing softly against the road and ihewing every pebble on the beach beneath, and proceeded towards the second bend; but soon mounted from the thore among the broken knolls of dacre common, whence we had various views of the first reach, its scenery appearing in darkened majesty as the autumnal liadows swept over it. Sometimes, however, the rays, falling in gleams upon the water, gave it the finest silvery tone imaginable , sober thpugh splendid. Dunmallet R 4 at at the foot of the lake was a formal unpleasing object, not large enough to be grand, or wild enough to be romantic. The ground of the common is finely broken, and' is scattered sparingly with white cottages, each pidurefquely shadowed by its dark grove; above, rise plantations and grey crags which lead the eye forward to the alpine forms, that crown the second reach, changing their attitudes every instant as they are approached. Ullswater in all its windings, which give it the ferm of the letter S, is nearly nine miles long; the width is