apprehension. The Count Morano was the first image that occurred to her waking thoughts, and then came a train of anticipated evils which he could neither conquer or avoid.. She rose,, and to relieve her mind from the bury ideas that tormented it, compelled herself to notice external objects. From her casement sly looked out upon the wild grandeur of the scene, closed nearly on all fides by Alpine Reeps, whose tops, peeping over each other, faded from the eye in misty hues, while the promontories below were dark with woods that swept down to their base, and stretched along the narrow valies. The rich pomp of these woods was particularly delightful to Emily; and (he viewed with astonishment the fortifications of the castle spreading along a vast extent of rock, and now partly in decay, the grandeur of the ramparts below, and the towers and battlements and various. features of the fabric above. From these her sight wandered over the cliffs and woods into the valley, along which foamed a broad and rapid fream seen falling among the crags of an opposite ( 35) opposite mountain , now flathing in the sunbeams, and now (hadowed.by over arching pines, till it was entirely concealed by their thick so liage. Again it burst from beneath this dark. ness in one broad sheet of foam, and fell thundering into the vale. Nearer, towards the west, opened the mountain vilta which Emily had viewed with such sublime emotion on her approach to the castle: a thin dusky vapour that rose from the valley, overspread its features with a sweet obscurity . As this ascended and. caught the sunbeams, it kindled into a crimson tint, and touched with exquisite beauty the woods and cliffs, over which it passed to the sum - of the mountains ; then as the veil drew up, it was delightful to'watch the gleaming ob - that progressively disclosed themselves in the valley the green turf dark woods little rocky receffes a few peasants' huts the foaming ltream a herd of cattle, and various: images of pastoral beauty. Then. the pine forelts brightened, and then the broad breast of the mountains , till at length the mirf fettled round their summit, touching them with a ruddy glow. The features of the vitta now appeared diltind ly, and the broad deep shadows that fell from the lower cliffs gave strong effea to the ilream ing splendour above, while the mountains , gradually finking in the perfpeli.ve,. appeared to flelve into the Adriatic sea, for such Emily imagined to be the. gleam.of blueifi.light, that ter minatedthe view. Thus he endeavouted to amuse her fancy, and was not unsuccessful. The breezy fresh ness of the morning, too, revived her. She raised her thoughts in prayer, which she felt always moult disposed to do, when viewing, the sublimity ( 36) sublimity of nature, and her mind recovered its firength. When the turned from the casement, her eyes glanced upon the door the had to carefully guarded on the preceding night, and ihe now determined to examine whither it led: but on advancing to iemove the chairs, The perceived that they were already moved a little way.. Her surprise cannot easily be imagined , whea in the next minute The perceived that the door was faftened. she felt as if she had seen am apparition. The door of the corridor was left as die had locked it, but this door, which could be secured only on the outside, 'mult have been, bolted during the night. She became seriously uneasy at the thought of sleeping again in a chamber thus liable to intrusion, so remote, too,. as it was from the family, and fle determined to mention the circumstance to Madame Mon toni, and to requef a change. After some perplexity she found her way into, the great hall, and to the room which she had left on the preceding night, where breakfast was spread, and her aunt was alone, for Mon toni had teen walking over the environs of the castle, examining the condition of its fortifications, and talking for some time with Carlo. Emily observed that her aunt had been weeping, and her heart softened towards her with an affetfion that showed itfdef in her manner, rather than in words,, while she carefully avoided the appearance of having noticed that the was unhappy. She seit2d the opportunity of Montoni's absence to ment'rn the circumitance about the door, to requet that life might be allowed another apart meat, and to inquire again, concerning the oc taion of their fudde journey, Op the first subjet ( 37) ftuje& her aunt referred her to Montoni, positively refuting to interfere in. th affair; on the lat, the professed utter ignorance. Emily, then, with a with of making her aunt more reconciled to her situation, praised the grandeur of 'the castle and the surrounding scenery, and endeavoured to; soften every unpleasing circumstance attending it. But though misfortune had something conquered the asperities of Madame Montoni's temper, and by in. creasing her cares for herself, had taught her to, feel in some degree for others the capricious love of rule, which nature had implanted and, habit had nourified in her heart, was not subdued. She could not now deny herself the gratification of tyrannising over the innocent and helpless Emnily, by attempting to ridicule the taste ihe could not feel. Her satirical: discourse was, however,, interrupted by the entrance of Montoni, and her countenance immediately assumed a mingled expression of fear and resentment, while he feared himself at the breakfaft table, as if unconscious of there being any person but himself in the room.. Emily, as the observed him in silence, saw:, that his countenance was darker and sterner than usual. ' 0 could I know, ' said she to her seif, ' what pases inthat mind; could I know the thoughts that are known there, I should no longer be condemned to this torturing suspense !' Their breakfalf passed in silence,, Emily ventured to request