wobds, and the shepherd's little cabin, reared on the margin of a clear faream, presented a sweet picture ofrepofe. Wild and romantic as were there scenes, their character had far less of the sublime than had those of the Alps, which guard the entrance of Italy. Emily was often elevated, but seldom felt those emotions of indescribable awe which The had so continually experienced in her passage - over the Alps. Towards the close of day the road wound into a deep valley. Mountains , whose flaggy steeps appeared to be inaccessible, almost surrounded it. To the east, a vista bpened, that exhibited the Apennines in their darkest horrors ; and the long perfpetive of retiring summits rifirig over each other, their ridges clothed with pines, exhibited a fironger image of grandeur than any that Emily had yet seen. The fun had just sunk below the top of the mountains (he was descending, whose long shadow stretched athwart the valley, but his loping rays, shooting through an opening of the cliffs, touched with a yellow gleam the summits of the .forcft that hung upon the opposite steeps, and fireamed in full splendour upon the towers and battlements of a castle that spread its extensive ramparts along the brow of a precipice above. The splendour of these illumined objecs was heightened by the contrasted shade which in itlved the valley below. - There, ' ( II) C There, ' said Montoni, speaking for the first time in several hours, ' is Udolpho.' Emily gazed with melancholy awe upon the castle, which fly understood to be Montoni's; for, though it was now lighted up by the setting fun, the gothic greatness of its features, and its mouldering walls of dark grey stone, rendered it a gloomy and sublime object. As she gazed,. the light died away on its walls, leaving a melancholy purple tint, which spread deeper and deeper, as the thin vapour crept up the mountain , while the battlements above were still tipped with splendour. From those too, the rays soon faded, and the whole edifice was invested with the foletnn duskiness of evening., Silent,. lonely, and sublime , it seemed to stand the sovereign of the scene, and to frown defiance on all who dared to invade its solitary reign. As the twilight deepened; its features became more awful in obscurity , and Emily continued to gaze till its cluttering towers were alone seen, rising over the tops of the woods, beneath whose thick shade the carriages soon after began to ascend. The extent and darkness of these tall woods awakened terrific images in her mind, and The almost expeced to see a banditti start up from under the trees. At length, the carriages emerged upon a heathy rock, and soon after reached the cattle gates, where the deep tone of the portal bell, which was tlruck upon to give notice of their arrival, increased the fearful emotions that had assailed Emily. While they waited till the servant within should come to open the gates, she anxioufiy surveyed the edifice : but the gloom that overspread it allowed her to diftinguifi little more than a part of its outline, ( 12) outline, with the massy walls of the ramparts, and to know that it was vafr, ancient, and.dreary. From the parts she saw ihe judged of the heavy strength and extent of the whole. The gateway before her, leading into the courts, was of gigantic size, and was defended by two round towers, crowned by overhanging turrets, embattled, where, instead of banners, now waved long grass and wild plants, that had taken root among the mouldering stones, and which seemed to fgh as the breeze rolled past over the desolation around them. The towers were united by a curtain, pierced and embattled also, below which appeared the pointed arch of an huge portcullis, surmounting the gates: from there the walls of the ramparts extended to other towers, overlooking the precipice, whose (battered out line, appearing on a gleam that lingered in the west, told of the ravages of war. beyond these, all was loti in the obscurity of evening. While Emily gazed with awe upon the scene, footfieps were heard within the gates, and the undrawing of bolts; after which: an ancient feirant of the catle appeared, forcing back the huge folds of the portal to admit his lord. As the carriage wheels rolled heavily under the portcullis, Emily's heart sunk, and fle seemed as. if she was going into her prison; the gloomy court, into which he palled, served to confirm the idea, and her imagination , ever awake to circumstance, suggested even more terrors than her reason could justify. Another gate delivered them into the second court, grass grown, and more wild than the first, where, as he surveyed through the twilight its defolation its lofty walls, overtopt with briony, moss, and night shade, and the embattled towers that ( 13) that rose above long fuffering and murder came to her thoughts. One of those instantaneous and unaccountable convictions which sometimes conquer even strong minds, impressed her with its horror . The sentiment was not diminished, when (he entered an extensive gothic hall, obscured by the gloom of evening, which a light, glimmering at a distance through a long perspective of arches, only rendered more striking. As a servant brought the. lamp near, partial gleams fell upon the pillars and the pointed arches, forming a firong contrait with their shadows, that stretched along the pavement and the walls. The sudden journey of Montoni had prevent edhis people from making any other preparations for his reception, than could be had in the short interval since the arrival of the servant, who had been sent forward from Venice; and this, in tome measure, may account for the air of extreme desolation that everywhere appeared. The servant, who came to light Montoni, bowed in silence, and the muscles of his countenance relaxed with no symptom of joy. -- Mon toni noticed the salutation by a slight motion