attributes, which vulgar opinion, or the nurse's legend, have taught us to ascribe to him, will augment our pleasure; whether we give the reins to our imagination , and, as Spectators, willingly yield ourselves up to pleating delusion, or, as Critics, examine the merit of the composition. I hope it is not difficult to llewv, that in all there capital points our author has excelled. At the solemn midnight hour, Horatio and Marcellus, the ichlolfellows of) oung Hamlet, come to the L 3 sentinels sentinels upon guard, excited by a report that a Ghost of their late Monarch had, some preceding nights, appeared to them. Horatio, not being one of the believing vulgar, gives little credit to the story, but bids Bernardo proceed in his relation. BERNARDO. Last night of all, When yon same flar, that's westward from the pole, Had made his course t'illume that part of heaven, Where now it burns, Marcellus and myself, The bell then beating one Here enters the Ghost, after you are thus prepared. There is fometling solemn and liblime in thus regulating the walking of the Spirit, by the course of the Star: It intimates a connexion and correspondence between things beyond our ken, and abs: ', 'le v'fible dilurnal fpl're. Horatio is affctaed with that kind of fear, which such an appearance would naturally excite. He trembles, and turns pale. When the violence of the emotion fubiides, he reflects, that probably this supernatural event portends some 7 danger danger lurking in the slate. This suggestion gives importance to the phenomenon, and engages our attention. Horatio's relation of the king's combat with the Norwegian, and of the forces the young Fortinbras is allembling, in order to attack Denmark, seems to point out, from what quarter the apprehended peril is to arise. Such appearances, says he, preceded the fall of mighty Julius, and the ruin of the great commonwealth; and lie adds, such have often been the omens of disasters in our own state. There is great art in this conduct. The true cause of the royal Dane's discontent could not be guessed at: it was a secret whicl could be only revealed by himself. In the mean time, it was necessary to captivate our attention, by demonstrating, that the poet was not going to exhibit such idle and fii volous gambols, as Ghosts are by the vulgar ofien represented to perform. The historical tcfilmony, that, antecedent t9 the death of Csihlr, The graves isood tcnantlcfs, and the fnected dead Did fqucak and gibber in the Roman fircets L 4 gives gives credibility and importance to this phlnomenon. Horatio's address to the Ghost is brief and pertinent, and the whole purport of it agreeable to the vulgar con.. ceptions of there matters. HORATIO. Stay, illusion! If thou hast any sound, or use of voice, Speak to me. If there be any good thing to be done, That may to thee do cafe, and grace to me, Speak to me. If thou art privy to thy country's fate, Which happily foreknowing may avoid, Oh speak! Or, if thou hast uphoarded in thy life Extorted treasure in the womb of earth, For which, they say, you spirits oft walk in death, Speak of it. Its vanishing at the crowing of the Cock, is : nother circumstance of the eftabliihed superstition. Young Hamlet's indignation at his mother's there's hasty and incestuous marriage, his sorrow for his father's death, the character lie gives of that prince, prepare the fpeta tor to sympathise with his wrongs and sus ferings. The Son, as is natural, with much more vehement emotion than Horatio did, addresses his Father's shade. Hamlet's terror , his astonishment , his vehement desire to know the cause of this visitation, are ir rcfiftibly communicated to the fpeetator by the following speech. HAMLET. Angels and ministers of grace defend us! Iie thou a spirit of health, or goblin damned, Bring with thee airs from heaven, or blasts from hell, B.c. thy intents wicked or charitable, Thou comet in such a questionable shape, That I will speak to thee. ll call thee Hamlet, King, father, royal Dane: oh! answer me; Let me no: burst in ignorance; but tell, Why thy canonised bones, hearsed in death, Have burit their cearments? Why the sepulchre, Wherein we saw thee quietly inured, Hath oped his ponderous and marble jaws, SI) caf. thee up again? What may this mean, That That thou, dead corpse, again, in complete ftel, Revisit's thus the glimpses of the moon, Making night hideous? Never did the Grecian Muse of Tragedy relate a tale so full of pity and terror , as is imparted by the Ghost. Every circumitance melts us with compafnion; and with what horror do we hear him say! GHOST. But that I am forbid To tell the secrets of my prifon houfe, I could a tale unfold, whose lightest word Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood, Make thy two eyes, like stars, start from their fphercs, Thy knotted and combined locks to part, And each particular hair to sand on end Like quills upon the fretful porcupine: But this eternal blazon must not be To ears of flesh and blood. All that follows is solemn,, and deeply affeeting. Whatever in Hamlet belongs to the preternatural, ternatural, is perfetly fine; the rest of the play does not come within the subject of this chapter. The ingenious criticism on the play of the Tempest , published in the Adventurer, has made it unnecessary to enlarge on that admirable piece, which alone would prove our Author to have had a fertile, a sublime , and original genius . T E THE T' R A G E D Y O F AT A C B E T H. [ 175 3 THE T R A G E D Y TRAGEDY o MA C B E T H. HI S piece is perhaps one of the greatest exertions of the tragic and poetic powers, that any age, or any country has produced. Here are opened