tears. They now mounted.their horses, and. soon after arrived at the foot of Montan vert. The emotions of Adeline, as she contemplated in various points of view. the astonishing objeds.around her, fur passed all. exprefion; and the. feelings. of, [ 64] of the whole party were too firong to admit of conversation. The profound ftillncfs which reigned in these regions of solitude, inspired awe , and heightened the sublimity of the scenery to an exquisite degree. "It seems," said Adcline, " assis we " were walking over the ruins of the "world, and were the only persons who " had survived the wreck. I can scarcely persuade myself that we are not left "alone on the globe." "The view of these objets," said La Luc, " lifts the soul to their Great "Author, and we contemplate with a "feeling almost too vast for humanity -- - "the sublimity of his nature in the "grandeur of his works." -- La Luc raised his eyes, filled with tears, to heaven, and was for some moments lost in silent adoration. They quitted there scenes with extreme reluctance; but the hour of the day, and the appearance of the clouds, which [ 65 ] which seemed gathering for a storm, made them hasten their departure. Adeline almost wished to have witnefied the tremendous effet of a thunder itorm in these regions. They returned to Leloncourt by a different route, and the slade of the. overhanging precipices was deepened by the gloom of the atmosphere. It was evening when they came within view of the lake, which the travellers rejoiced to see, for the storm so long threatened was now fast approaching; the thunder murmured among the Alps, and the dark vapours that rolled heavily along their fides heightened their dreadful sublimity . La Luc would have quickened his pace, but the road winding down the steep fide of a mountain , made caution necessary. The darkening air and the lightnings that now Ilafhed along the horizon terrified Clara, but the withheld the expression of her fear in consideration of her [ 66 ] her father. A peal of thunder , which seemed to shake the earth to its foundations, and was reverberated in tremendous echoes from the cliffs, burst over their heads. Clara'shorfetook fright at the sound, and setting off, hurried her with amazing velocity down the mountain towards the lake, which washed its foot. The agony of La Luc, who viewed her progiefs in the horrible expectation of feeing her dashed down the precipice that bordered the road, is not to be described. Clara kept her seat, but terror had almost deprived her of sense. Her efforts to preserve herself were mechanical, for file scarcely knew what the did.. The horse, however, carriedher safely almost to the foot of the mountain ; but was making towards. the lake, when a gentleman who travelled along the road caught the bridal as the animal endeavoured to pass. The sudden slopping. of the horse, threw Clara. to the ground,. and,, E 67 ] and, impatient of restraint, the animal burst from the hand of the stranger, and plunged into the lake. The violence of the fall deprived her of recollection; but while the stranger endeavoured to support her, his servant ran to fetch water. She soon recovered, and unclofingher eyes, found herfelfin the arms of a chevalier, who appeared to support her with difficulty. The compaffionexprefied in his countenance, while he inquired how ihe did, revived her spirits, and file was endeavouring to thank him for his kindness when La Luc and Adeline came up. The terror impressed on her father's sea tures was perceived by Clara; languid as ihe was, file tried to raise herself, and said, with a faint fmilej which betrayed, instead of disguising her sufferings, " Dear Sir, I am not hurt." Her pale countenance, and the blood that trickled, down her cheek, contradiclcd her words. But La Luc, to whom terror had fug ge.ted [ 68 J gefed the utmost polsible evil, now re joiccd to hear her fpcak; he recalled bome presence of mind, and while Adeline applied her salts, he chased her temples. When the revived, she told him how much flhe was obliged to the stranger. La luc endeavoured to exprefshisgrati tude,; but the former interrupting him, begged he might be spared the pain of receiving thanks for having follow edonly an impulse of common humanity. They were now not far from i.elon court; but the evening was almost hutin, and the thunder murmured deeply among the hills. La Luc was distressed how to convey Clara home. In endeavouring to raise her from the ground, the firanger betrayed such 'symptoms of pain, that La Luc inquired concerning it. The sudden jerk which the horse had given the arm; of the chevalier, in escaping from his hold, had violently sprained his fihoulder, aud [ 69 j and rendered his arm almost useless. The pain was exquisite, and La Luc, whose fears for his daughter were now subsiding, was flocked at the circumstance, and pressed the stranger to accompany him to tle village, where relief might be obtained. He accepted the invitation, and Clara, being at length placed on a horse led by her fdther, was conducted to the cliatcau. wxiien m.dame, who had been looking ot for L a Luc f.ime time, perceived the c.valcade .Ipproaciiiig, she wa alar. ntd, and hei apprehensions were confirmed. when file law the filuation of her niece. Clara was carriej into the houe, and la Luc w\olld have sent for a surgeon, but there was none within several leagues of the vil!age, neither Aere there any of the phytical profession within the same distance. Clara was affilted to her chamber by Adeline, and Madame La Luc undertook 'to examine the xhounds. The result restored peace to the family; for [ 7° ] for though the was much bruised, isle had escaped material injury; a slight contusion on the forehead had occasioned the bloodshed which at first alarmed La