TH Romance of the Forest INTERSPERSED WITH SOME PIECES OF POETRY. "Ere the bat hath flown C His cloifter'd flight; ere to black Hecate's summons, C The lhard horn beetle, with his drowsy hutrs, C Hatht rng night's yawning peal, there shall be done C A deed of dreadful note: ' MACBETH. IN THREE VOLUMES. vo. 111. :, _ THE FIFTH EDITION, BY ANN R4DCLIFFE, AUTHQR OF O"A SICILIAN ROMANCE," c. LONDON: printid Fjolt HOOKHAI AND CARPENTER, HO. 14 OLD BOND strlet. ..DCC.XCVIX, THE ROMANCE OF THE F OREST. CHAPTER XV |" Hail, awful scenes, that calm the troubled breast" " woo the weary to profound repose !" E ]n ootbeattie. iadeline, meanwhile, and Peter, proceeded on their voyage, without any accident, and landed in Savoy, where Peter placed her upon the horse, and himself walked beside her. When he came within sight of his native mountains , his extravagant joy burit forth into frequent exclamations, and he would often afl Adeline if she had ever seen such hills in France. " No, no," said he, " the VOL. III B " hills 2 ] " hills there are very well for French " hills, but they are not to be named on "the same day with ours." Adeline, lost in admiration of the astonishing and tremendous scenery around her, assented very warmly to the truth of Peter's as fertion, which encouraged him to expatiate more largely upon the advantages of his country; its'difadvaitages he totally forgot; and though he gave away his last fous to the children of thepeafantry that run barefooted by the fide of the horse, he spoke of nothing but the happiness and content of the inhabitants. His native village, indeed, was an exception to the general character of the country, and to the usual effeets of an arbitrary government; it was flourishing, healthy, and happy; and these advantages it chiefly owed to the activity and attention of the benevolent clergyman, whose cure it was. Adeline, who now began to feel the effects of long anxiety and fatigue, much wished rsii^, [ 3 withed to arrive at the end of her journey, and inquired impatiently of Peter concerning it. Her spirits, thus weakened, the gloomy grandeur of the scenes which had so lately awakened emotions of delightful sublimity , now awed her into terror ; ihe trembled at the sound of the torrents rolling among the clifs, and thundering in the vale below, and shrunk from the view of the precipices, which sometimes overhung the road, and at others appeared beneath it. Fatigued as she was, she frequently dismounted to climb on foot the steep flinty road, which she feared to travel onhorfe back. The day was closing when they drew near a small village at the foot of the Savoy Alps, and the fun, in all his evening splendour, now finking behind their summits, threw a farewell gleam athwart the landscape, so soft and glowing, as drew from Adeline, languid as fie was, an exclamation of rapture. B 2 The 4 ] The romantic situation of the village next attracted her notice. It stood at the foot of several stupendous mountains , which formed a chain round a lake at some little distance, and the woods that swept from their summits almofi embosomed the village. The lake, unruffled by the lightest air, refleced the vermil tints of the horizon with the sublime scenery on its borders, darkening every instant with the falling twilight. When Peter perceived the village, he burst into a shout of joy: < Thank God!" said hc, " we are near home; there is " my dear native place. It looks just "as it did twenty years ago; and there ' are the same old trees growing round " our cottage yonder, and the huge rock" " rises above it. My poor father " died there, Ma'alnfelle. Pray heaven ' my filler be alive; it is a long while " since I saw her." Adeline listened with a melancholy pleasure to these artless expressions of Peter, who, in retracing the [ ] the scenes of his former days, seemed to live them over again. As they approached the village, he continued to point out various objects of his remembrance. " And there, too, is the good " pastor's chateau; look, Ma'amfellc, "that white house, with the fioke curling, that itands on the edge of the lake "yonder. I wonder whether he is alive yet. He was not old when I left the place, and as much beloved as ever man " was; but death spares nobody !" They had by this time reached the village, which was extremely neat, though it did notpromife much accommodation. Peter had hardly advanced ten ireps before he was accolted by tome of his old acquaintance, who Ihook hands, and seemed not to know how to part with him. He inquired for his fiflter, and was told file was alive and well. As they passed on, so many of his old friends flocked round him, that Adeline became quite weary of the delay. Many whom he had [6 had left in the vigour of life, were now tottering under the infirmities of age, while their sons and daughters, whom he had known only in the playfulness of infancy, weregrown from his remembrance, and in the pride of youth. At length they approached the cottage, and were met by his filler, who, having heard of his arrival, came and welcomed him with unfeigned joy. On feeing Adeline, she seemed surprised, but assisted her to alight, and conducting her into a small but neat cottage, received her with a warmth of ready kindness which would have graced a better situation. Adeline requefied to speak with her alone, for the room was now crowded with Peter's friends, and then acquainting her with such particulars of her circumstances as it was necessary to communicate, desired to know if ihe could be accommodated with lodging in isle cottage. " Yes, Ma'amfelle," said the good woman, "