dreadful, parting the, mountain from the summit to the base; and its waters in winter,, leaping in foam from precipice to precipice, mulf be infinitely sublime ; not, however, even then from their mass, but from the length and precipitancy of their descent. The perfpeaive as the road descends into gowbarrow park is perhaps the very finest on the lake. The scenery of the sirss reach is almost tame when compared with this, and it is difficult to say where it can be equalled for Alpine sublimity , and for effeting. wonder and awful elevation. The lake, after expanding at a distance to great breadth, once more loses itself beyond the enormous, pile of rock called place fell, opposite to which the fiore, seeming to, 4 close close upon all further progress, is bounded by two promontories covered with woods, that ihoot their luxuriant foliage to the water's edge. The shattered mass of grey rock, called yew crag, rifes immediately over these, and, beyond, a glen opens to a chaos of mountains more solemn in their aspea, and singular in their shapes, than any which have appeared, point crowding over point in. lofty succession.. Among these is stone crofs pike and huge Helvellyn, scowling over all; but, though this retains its pre eminence, its dignity is lost in the mass of alps around and below it. A fearful gloom involved them; the fhar dows of a stormy sky upon mountains of dark rock and heath. All this is seen over the woody foreground of the park, which, soon Ihrouding us in its bowery lanes, allowed the eye and the fancy to repose, while venturing towards new forms and aftemblages of sublimity . Meantime, the green shade, under which we passed, where the sultry low of cattle, and the sound of fireams hurrying from the heights through the copses of Gowbarrow to the lake below,. were all that broke the stillness; these, with gleannings of the water, close on the left, between the foliage, and whiclh.was ever changing its hue, sometimes assuming the soft purple of a pigeon's neck, at others the iilvery tint of sunshine- -- circumfiances of imagery were in. soothing and beautiful variety with the gigantic visions we. hal. lost. The road still pursuing this border of the lake,, the copses openedl to partial views of the bold rocks, that form the opposite shore, and; many.; .; wild recess and rolemn glen appeared and vanished among them, some showing only broken sells, the fides of others shaggy with forests, and nearly all lined, at their bases, with narrow pastures of the most exquisite verdure. Thus descending upon a succession of sweeping bays, where the shades parted, and admitted the lake, that flowed even with us, and again retreating from it over gentle eminences, where it glittered only between the leaves; crossing the rude bridges of several becks, rapid, clear and foaming among dark stones, and receiving a green tint from the closely shadowing trees, but neither precipitous enough in their descent, nor ample enough in their course, to increase the dignity of the scene, we came, after passing nearly three miles through the park, to Lyulph's Tower. This mansion, a square, grey edifice, with turreted corners, battlements and windows in the Gothic style, has been built by the present Duke of Norfolk in one of the finest situations of a park, abounding with views of the grand and the sublime . It stands on a green eminence, a little removed from the water, backed with wood and with pastures rising abruptly beyond, to the cliffs and crags that crown them. In front, the ground fails finely to the lake's edge, broken, yet gentle, and 'cattered over with old trees, and darkened with copses, which mingle in fine variety of tints with the light verdure of the turf beneath. Herds of deer, wandering over the knolls, and cattle, reposing in the fihade, completed this sweet landfcapc. The lake is hence seen to make one of its boldest expanses, as it f.vceps round. place fell, and flows into the third and last bend of this wonderful wonderful vale. Lyulph's Tower looks up this reach to the south, anhd to the east traces all the fells and curving banks of Gowbarrow, that bind the second; while, to the west, - a dark glen opens to a glimpse of the solemn alps round Helvellyn; and all these objects are seen over the mild beauty of the park. Patling fine sweeps of the shore and over bold headlands, we came opposite to the vast promontory, called ilace fell, that pushes its craggy foot into the lake, like a lion's claw, round which the waters make a sudden turn, and enter Patterdale, their third and final expanse. In this reach, they lose the form of a river, and. resume that of a lake, being closed, at three miles distance, by the ruinous rocks, that guard the gorge of Patterdale, backed by a multitude Of fells. The water, in this scope, is of oval form, bounded on one fide by the precipices of place fell, martindale fell, and several others equally rude and awful that rise from its edge, and show no lines of verdure, or mafes of wood, but retire in rocky bays, or projea in vast promontories athwart it. The opposite shore is less severe and more romantic; the rocks are lower and richly wooded, and, often receding from the water, leave room for a tract of pasture, meadow land and corn, to margin their ruggedness. At the upper end, the village of Patterdale, and one or two white farms, peep out from among trees beneath the scowling mountains , that close the fccne; pitched in a rocky nook, with corn and meadow land, foping gently in front to the lake, and, here and there, a, 'cattered grove. But this scene is viewed to more advantage from one of the two woody eminences, nences, that overhang the lake, just at the point where it forms its last angle,