the beacon above is infinitely finer, commanding an horizon of at least an hundred miles diameter,. filled with an endless variety of beauty, greatness and sublimity . The view extends over Cumberland, parts of wefimoreland, Lancashire, Yorkshire, and a corner of Northumberland and Durham. On a 3 clear clear day, the Scottish highlands, beyond Solway Firth, may be diftinguifled, like faint clouds, on the horizon, and the flecples of Carlisle are plainly visible. All the intcrvening country, fpcckled with towns and villages, is spread beneath the eye, and, nearly eighty miles to the eastward, part of the cheviot lills arc traced, a dark line, binding the distance and marking the separation between earth and sky. On the plains towards Carlisle, the nearer ridges of crofs fell are seen to commence, and thence stretch their barren sleeps thirty miles towards the east, where they disappear among the Stainmore hills and the huge moorlands of Yorkshire, that close up the long landscape of the vale of Eden. Among there, the broken lines of Ingleborough start above all the broader ones of the moors, .and that mountain still proclaims itself sovereign of the Yorkshire heights. Southward, rise the wonders of Westmoreland, Shapfells, ridge over ridge, the nearer pikes of Hawfwater, and then the mountains of Ullswater, Helvellyn preeminent amongil them, diffinguifhed by the grandeur and boldnets of their outline, as well as the variety of their shapes; some hugely swelling, some aspiring in clutters of alpine points, and some broken into s haggy ridges. The firy, westward from hence and far to the north, displays a vision of Alps, Saddleback spreading towards Keswick its long flattered ridge, and one top of Skiddaw peering beyond it; but the others of this difridc are inferior in grandeur to the fells of Ullswater, more broken into points, and with Icfs of contrast in their forms. Behind Saddleback, the skirts of Skiddaw spread themselves, and thence low hills fhelvc 3 K 2 into into the plains of Cumberland, that extend to Whitehaven; the only level line in the scope of this vast horizon. The scenery nearer to the eye exhibited cultivation in its richest state, varied with pastoral and sylvan beauty; landscapes ernbellifled by the elegancies of art, and rendered venerable by the ruins of time. In the vale of Eden, carleton hall, flourishing under the hand of careful attention, and Bird's Nest, luxuriant in its spiry woods, opposed their cheerful beauties to the negleaed walls of Brougham Castle, once the terror , and, even in ruins , the pride of the scene, now half fhrouded in its melancholy grove. These objects were lighted up by partial gleams offunfhine, which, as they fled along the valley, gave magical effect to all they touched. The other vales in the home prospect werd those of Bampton and Emont; the first open and gentle, shaded by the gradual woods of lowther park; the last closer and more romantic, withdrawing in many a lingering bend towards Ullswater, where it is closed by the pyramidal Dunmallard, but not before a gleam of the lake is suffered to appear beyond the dark base of the hill. At the nearer end of the vale, and immediately under the eye, the venerable ruins of Penrith Castle crest a round green hill. These are of pale red stone, and stand in detached masses; but have little that is picturesque in their appearance, time having spared neither tower, or gateway, and not a single tree giving shade, or force, to the flattered walls. The ground about the castle is broken into grassy knolls, and only cattle wander over the desolated trad. Time has also obscured the name of the founder;, founder; but it is known, that the main building was repaired, and some addition made to it by Richard the Third, when Duke, of Gloucester, who lived here, for five years, in his office of fheriffof Cumberland, promoting the York interest by artful liofpitalities, and endeavouring to strike terror into, the Lancafirians. Among the ruins is a. subterraneous passage, leading to a house in. Penrith, above three hundred yards distant, called Dockwray Castle. The town lies between the fortress and the beacon hill, spreading prettily along the Ikirts of the mountain , with its many roofs of blue slate, among which the church rites near a dark grove. Penrith, from the latter end of the last century, till lately, when it was purchased by the Duke of Devonshire, belonged to the family of Portland, to whom it was given by William. the Third;. probably instead of the manors in Wales, which it was one of William's few faulty designs to have given to his favourite companion, had not Parliament remonstrated, and informed him, that the Crown could not alienate the territories of the Principality. The church, a building of red stone, unusually well disposed in the interior; is a vicarage of small endowment; but the value of money in this part of, the kingdom is so high, that the merit of independence, a merit and a happiness which should always belong to clergymen, is attainable by the possessors of very moderate incomes. What is called the Giant's Grave in the church yard is a narrow spot, enclosed, to the length of fourteen or fifteen feet, by rows of low stones, at the fides, and, at the ends, by two pillars, now slender, but apparently worn by the weather weather from a greater thickness. The height of there Is eleven o0 twelve feet; and all the stones, whether in the borders, at the fides, or in these pillars, bear traces of rude carving, which show, at least, that the monument muff have been thought very important by those that raised it, since the singularity of its size was not held a sufficient distinction. We pored intently over these traces, though certainly without the hope of discovering anything not known to the eminent antiquarians, who have confeffed their ignorance concerning the origin of them. FROM PENRITH TO KESWICK. TI e Grayftock road, which