opposite bank. Beyond the land, that separates the two lakes, the road runs high along the fides of hills and sometimes at the feet of tremendous sells,. one of which rises almost spirally over it, showing a surface of slates, shivered from top to bottom. Further on, the heights gradually soften from horror ,, mild and graceful,, beauty, opening diftant!y, to the cheerful country, country, that spreads towards Whitehaven; but the road sioon'im merges among woods, whichallow only.partial views of the oppofife shore, inimitably beautiful 'with copses, green: lawns'and pastures, with gently sweeping promontories and bays, that receive 'the lake to their full brims... From the house at Ouse Bridge the prolpet' is exquisite up the lake, which now losing the air of a.wide.river, re aflumes'its true character, and even appears to flow into the chasm of rocks, that really enclose Derwentwater. Skiddaw, with all the mountains round Borrowdale, form a magnificent amphitheatrical perfpeaive for this noble iheet of water; the valleys of the two lakes extending to one view, which is, therefore, superior to any exhibited from Derwentwater alone. The profpet terminates in the dark fells of Borrowdale, which by their sublimity enhance the beauty and elegance, united to a surprising degree in the nearer landscape. Beyond Ouse Bridge, but still at the bottom of the lake, the road passes before armithwaite houfe, : whose copfy lawns slope to the margin of the water from a mansion more finely situated than any we had seen. It then recedes somewhat from the bank, and ascends the skirt of Skiddaw, which it scarcely leaves on this fide of Keswick. On the opposite flore, the most elegant features are the swelling hills, called wythop brows, flourishing with wood from the water's edge; and, below the meadows of the eastern bank, by which "we were returning, two peninfulxa, the one pastoral, yet well wooded and embellifled by a white hamlet, the other narrow and bearing only oly a line of trees, issuing far into the lake. But the icbres. of Blaf ienthwaite, tlough elegant and often beautiful, are too little varied to be long dwelled upon; and attentio. is. sometimes- -- engaged by a precipice; from which the road is not sufficiently secured; so that the, effet of the whole upon the imagination is muclb less than might be expeted from its situation at the foot of Skiddaw;, and its fiape, which is more extended than that of Derwentwater. BORROWDALE. A SERENE day, with gleams of sunshine, gave magica} effect to the scenery of Derwentwater, as we wound along its eastern: shore to Borrowdale, under cliffs, parts of which, already fallen near. the road, increased the opinion of danger from the rest; sometimes near the edge of precipices, that bend over the water; and, at others;, among pleafure grounds and copses, which admit partial views. over; the lake. These, with every woody promontory and mountain , were perfealy reflected. on its surface. Not a pathway, not a crag,; or fear, that sculptured their bold fronts, but was copied and dirfinct ly seen even from the opposite shore in the dark purple mirror below.. Now. and then, a pleafure .boat glided by, .leaviug long silver lines,. drawn to a point on the fmiooth water,, which, as it gave back the Iiited fides and gleaming sail, displaycd a moving. picture. '- - The. The colouring of the mountainswas, this day, furprfingly various and changeful, surpassing everything of the same nature, that we had seen. The effec of the atmosphere on mountainous regions is sometimes so sublime , at others so enchantingly beautifuli that the .mention of it ought not to be considered as trivial, when their aspen is to be described. As the sunbeams fell on different kinds of rock, and. diftance coloured the air, some parts were touched with lilac, others with light blue, dark purple, or reddish brown, which were often seen, at the same moment, contrasting with the mellow green .of the woods and the brightness of sunshine; then slowly and almost imperceptibly changing into other tints. Skiddaw itself exhibited, much of this variety, during our ride. As we left Keswick, its points were overspread with pale azure; on our return, a tint of dark; blue softened its features, which were, however, soon after involved in deepest purple. Winding under the woods of Barrowfide, we approached Low door' ' heard the thunder of his cataract, joined by the sounds of others, descending within the gloom of the nearer rocks and thickets. The retrofpecive views over the lake from Barrowfide are the fineit in the ride; and, when the road emerges from the woods, a range of rocks rites over it, where many shrubs, and even oaks, ash, yew, grow in a surprising manner among the broken slates, that cover their fides. Beyond, at some distance from the shore, appear the awful rocks, that rise over the fall of Lowdore; that on the right shooting up, a vast pyramid of naked cliff, above finely wooded steeps; steeps; while, on the opposite fide of the chafin, that : receives the waters, impends gowdar crag, whose trees and shrubs give only shagginess to its terrible masses, with fragments of which the meadows below are firewn. There was now little water at Lowdore; but the breadth of its channel and the height of the perpendicular rock, from which it leaps, told how tremendous it could be; yet even then its sublimity is probably derived chiefly from the cliff and mountain , that tower closely over it. Here Borrowdale begins, its rocks spreading in a vast sweep round the head of the lake, at the distance, perhaps, of half a mile from the ifore, which bears meadow land to the water's brink. The afpedi of there rocks, with the fragments, that have rolled from their summits, and lie on each fide of the road, prepared us for the scene of tremendous ruin we were approaching in the gorge, or pass of Bor rowdale, which opens from the centre of the amphitheatre,