vale was fought the last battle, or skirmish, with the Scots in Westmoreland; and it is within the telling of the sons of great grandfathers, that the contest continued, till the Scots were discovered to fire only pebbles; the villagers had then the folly to close with them and the success to drive them away; but such was the finplicity of the times, that it was called a victory to have made one prisoner. Stories of this sort are nor yet entirely forgotten in the deeply enclosed vales of Westmoreland and Cumberland, where the greater part of the present inhabitants can refer to an ancefiry of several centuries, on the same spot. We thought Bampton, though a very ill built village, an enviable spot; having a clergyman, as we heard, of exemplary manners, and, as one of us witnessed, of a most faithful earnestness in addressing his congregation in the church; being but slightly removed from one of the lakes, that accumulates in a finall ipace many of the varieties and attractions of the others; and having the adjoining lands distributed, for the mofi part, into finall farms, so that, as it is not thought low to be without wealth, the poor do not acquire the offensive and difi eputable habits, by which they arc too often tempted to, revenge, or resist the oficntation of the rich. ULLS ULLS water. THE ride from Bampton to Ullswater is very various and delightful. It winds for about three miles along the western heights of this green and open vale, among embowered lanes, that alternately admit and exclude the pastoral scenes below, and the fine landscapes on the opposite hills, formed by the plantations and ancient woods of lowther park. These spread over a long tract, and mingle in sweet variety with the lively verdure of lawns and meadows, that slope into the valley, and sometimes appear in gleams among the dark thickets. The house, of white stone with red win dow cafes, embosomed among the woods, has nothing in its appearance answerable to the surrounding grounds. Its situation and that of the park are exquisitely happy, just where the vale of Bampton opens to that of Eden, and the long mountainous ridge and peak of crofs fell, aspiring above them all, stretch before the eye; with the town of Penrith fhclving along the fide of a distant mountain , and its beacon on the summit; the ruins of its cattle appearing diftinaly at the same time, crowning a low round hill. The horizon to the north and the cast is bounded by lines of mountains , range above range, not romantic and rurprifing, lbut multitudinous and vast . Of thcfc, crofs fcll, said to be the highlct mountain in Cumberland, gives its name to the whole northern ridge, which in its full extent, from from the neighbourhood of Gillfland to that of Kirkby steven, is near fifty miles. This perfpeetive of the extensive vale of Eden has grandeur and magnificence in as high a degree as 'that of Bampton has pastoral beauty, closing in the gloomy solitudes of Hawfwater. The vale is finely wooded, and variegated with mansions, parks, meadow land, corn, towns, villages, and all that make a distant land icape rich. Among the peculiarities of it, are little mountains of alpine shape, that start up like pyramids in the middle of the vale, fomc covered with wood, others barren and rocky. The scene perhaps only wants a river like the Rhine, or the Thames, to make it the very finest in England for union of grandeur, beauty and extent. Opposite lowthcr hall, we gave a farewell look to the pleasant vale of Bampton and its southern fells, as the road, winding more to the west, led us over the highlands, that separate it from the vale of Emnont. Then, ascending through shady lanes and among fields where the oat harvest was gathering, we had enchanting retrofpets of the vale of Eden, spreading to the east, with all its chain of mountains chequered by the autumnal shadows. Soon after, the road brought us to the brows of Emont, a narrow well wooded vale, the river, fi-om which it takes its name, meandering through it from Ullswater among pastures and pleafure grounds, to meet the Lowther near Brougham Castle. Pcnritl and its cafile and beacon look up the vale fi-om the north, and the astonishing fells of Ullfwatcr close upon it in the south; while Dclemain, the house and beautiful grounds of Mr. Haffel, Hutton St, John, a vene 5 rablle Table old mansion, and the single tower called dacre caffle adorn the valley. But who can pause to admire the elegancies of art, when surrounded by the wonders of nature? The approach to this sublime lake along the heights of Emont is exquisitely interesting; for the road, being shrouded by woods, allows the eye only partial glimpses of the gigantic shapes, that are assembled in the distance, and, awakening high expectation, leaves the imagination , thus elevated, to paint the " forms of things unseen." Thus it was, when we caught a first view of the dark broken tops of the fells, that rise round Ullswater, of size and ihape most huge, bold, and awful ; overspread with a blue mysterious tint, that seemed almost siper natural, though according in gloom and sublimity with the severe features it involved. Further on, the mountains began to unfold themselves; their outlines, broken, abrupt and intersecting each other in innumerable directions, seemed, now and then, to fall back like a multitude at some supreme command, and permitted an oblique glimpse into the deep vales. A close lane then descended towards pooly bridge, where, at length, the lake itself appeared beyond the spreading branches, and, soon after, the first reach expanded before us, with all its mountains tumbled round it; rocky, ruinous and vafl, impending, yet rising in wild confusion and multiplied points behind each other. This view of the first reach from the foot of Dunmallet, a pointed woody