emboss the cliffs or lurk within the recesses, the spiry summits and the ruined castles, faintly discerned, that crown them. Yet the appearance of there mountains , though more grand, from Goodefberg, is lefa sublime than from Bonn; for the nearness, which increases their grandeur, diminishes their sublimity by removing the obscurity that had veiled them. To the south of this plain, the long perfpetive is crossed by further ranges of mountains , which open to glimpses of others fill beyond; an endless succession of summits, that lead on the imagination to unknown valleys and regions of solitary obscurity . Amid t so many attractions of nature, art cannot do much. Tle little, which it attempts, at Goodefberg, is the disposition of some walks from the houses to a spring, which is said to resemble that at Spa, and through the woods above it. Twice a week there are some musical performances and a ball given by the Eletor, who frequently appears, and with the ease and plainness of a private gentleman. At these entertainments the company, visiting the spring, are joined by neighbouring families, so as to be in number sixty, or a hundred. The balls, agreeably to the earliness of German hours, begin at six; and that, which we meant to see, was nearly concluded before our arrival. The company then retired to a public T game, game, at which large sums of gold were risked, and a severe anxiety defied the influence of Mozart's music, that continued to be played. by an excellent orchefira. The dresses of the company were in the English taste , and, as we were glad to believe, chiefly of Ehgliflh manufacture; the wearing of countenances by play appears to be also according to our manners, and the German ladies, with features scarcely less elegant, have complexions, perhaps, finer than are general in England. 'Meditating censures against the Elecor's policy, or carelessness, in this respect, we took advantage of the last gleams of evening, to ascend' the lender and spiry mountain , which bears the name of the village, and: appears ready to precipitate the ruins of its ancient castle upon it. A sleep road, winding among vineyards and dwarf wood, enters, at the summit of the mountain , the broken walls, which surround the ancient citadel of the caffle; an almost solid building,. that has existed for more than five centuries. From the area of these ruins we saw the fun set over the whole line of plains, that extend: to the westward of Cologne, whose spires were distinctly visible. Bonn, and the hill SANCTMJ CRUCIS, appeared at a league's. distance, and the windings of the Rhine gleamed here and there amidst the rich scene, like distant lakes. It was a fill and beautiful evening, in which no ihade remained of the thunder clouds, that pased in the day. To the west, under the glow of sunset, the landscape melted into the horizon in tints so soft, so clear, so delicately roseate as Claude only could have painted. Viewed, as we then: saw saw it, beyond a deep and dark arch of the ruin , its effea was enchanting; it was to the eye, what the finest strains of Paifiello are to the heart, or the poetry of Collins is to the fancy all tender, sweet, elegant and glowing. From the other fide of the hill the character of the view is entirely different, and, instead of a long profpea over an open and level country, the little plain of Goodefberg appears reposing amidst wild and awful mountains . These were now melancholy and silent; the last rays were fading from their many points, and the obscurity of twilight began to spread over them. We seemed to have found the spot, for which Collins wished: "Now let me rove some wild and hcathy scene, Or find some ruin 'midst its dreary dells, Whose walls more awful nod By thy religious gleams." ODE TO EVENING. And this is a place almost as renowned in the history of the country, as it is worthy to exercise the powers of poetry and painting. The same Ernest, in the cause of whose sovereignty the mafia cre of Neuss was perpetrated, besieged here the same Gerard de Trufches, the Elector, who had embraced the Protestant religion, and for whom Neuss held out. The castle of Goodefberg was impregnable, except by famine, but was very liable to that from its insulated situation, and the ease, with which the whole base of the T 2 mountain mountain could be surrounded. Gerard's defence was rendered the more obstinate by his belief, that nothing less than his life, and that of a beautiful woman, the marrying of whom had constituted one of the offences against his Chapter, would appease his ferocious enemies. He was personally beloved by his garrison, and they adhered to him with the affection of friends, as well as with the enthufiafin of soldiers. When, therefore, they perceived, that their surrender could not be much longer protracted, they resolved to employ their remaining time and strength in enabling him to separate his fortunes from theirs. They laboured incessantly in forming a subterraneous passage, which should open beyond the besiegers' lines; and, though their distress became extreme before this was completed, they made no overtures for a surrender, till Gerard and his wife had escaped by it. The fugitives arrived safely in Holland, and the vengeance of their adversaries was never gratified further than by hearing, many years after, that they died poor. The fortress, rendered interesting by these traits of fidelity and misfortune, is not so far.decayed, but that its renains exhibit much of its original form. It covered the whole summit of the hill, and was valuable as A residence, as well as a fortification. What seem to have been the walls of the great hall, in which probably the horn of two quarts was often emptied to welcome the guest, or reward the soldier, are still perfect enough to preserve the arches of its