force divine sire each seraphic song. Her simple frame no ornaments adorned, No earthly radiance blushed, But every look her mental force informed; The infant soul with beams immortal dawned, And breaking forth her eyes and bosom flulh'd. Her temperament was so replete with fires She scarcely seemed to feel the earthly part; Her Her genius with eccentric force aspires, Its boundless flights with strong conceptions dart: But dazzled by its light, and led astray, Her inexperienced reason fell a prey; Th' entrancing Muse seduce her early youth, More fraught with energy than fed with truth. Her soul, enrich'd'by Nature's noblest stores, Gave to wild fancy mad and sovereign sway; Imagination , drew her finer powers, Until the balance of her soul gave way; And, its pure tenor thus deftroy'd and broke, The dormant pafiions of her nature woke: For minds with innate force and quickness sire, To their own operations left in youth, Too oft, by fofer'd prejudice inspired, Are warped from the more simple paths of truth. Strong inclination points the unknown way, And licensed passions blindly lead astray. Her fter strengthening Muse ftll more enchanting glows; Deluded the frail mortal itrains her powers, While giant weeds in her rich soil arose, Vainly the felf fuppofed saint adores. Till lost in feverish dreams, 'Mid fancy's fires the heavenly visions saw, As rapt the sang her wild melodious themes, Nature file thought relaxed its rigid law; Angels the saw descending from on high, Unfolding all the wonders of the fly, And caught a glimpse of the DIVINITY. One noon amid the sea girt rocks he ftray'd, Th' expansive ocean and the heavens furvey'd; Her soul was awed , while lost in zeal ihe flood, And the majestic wilds of nature viewed. The air condensed, to sullen mists transforms, The sky frowned awful , big with threatening storms, 3 AMA And gathering clouds unite; The blackening ocean foams upon the shore, While difiant thunders 'mid the mountains roars And pelting drops fast over the rocks alightf The angry clouds in troops cohvolving part The dun horizon gleams with horrid dye; From fulph'rous vapours bursting lightenings dart, And louder thunders echo through the sky. Shelter amid the rocky caves (he sought, From the large ihower and vivid flash retires, While solemn peals wdke every awful thought, And the fierce lightenings filled the cave with fires, Still rolling on terrific over her head, The rain in hasty torrents burst the clouds, Which spent like smoke cross the blue aether fled, Whose brightness following vapours dimly shroud; Trembling her face amid the rocks the hides, Till the fierce horror of the storm subsides, Flushed Plulh'd by her fears, with awe he reared her head, By all the grandeur of the scene inspired; As diftandy the solemn clouds retired, She quits the cave, and hailed them as they fled, With wild imagination strongly sire: While lambent still the lightnings flafh"d around, And the hoarse thunders rolled a sullen sound; Her lifted eyes the clouded heavens transpierce, Divinest strains Ihe sang of heavenly verse. Thus, with enthusiastic raptures blinds A heavenly vision sire her feverish mind; god's voice she thought amid the tempest rolled, And fancied streams of glory filled the fides 1 The fires of heaven the awful clouds unfolbd Ethereal essence flushed her mortal eyes! More wild ihe dreams a cherub downward flew, And dimmed the fun a' towards the earth he drew. M Her Her spirit saw him cut the ambient skies, While ocean burns with radiance as he flies; Such hues empyreal his bright frame adorn, He seems a ray of the eternal morn! So fraught with living fires, his ardent eyes Shot forth long beams, which sparkled through' the Skies; From, him bright emanations darted round, And his waved pinions gave celestial sound! Entranced, nor doubting what her fancy saw, Her youthful bosom heaved with sacred awe ; She viewed him on the strong rock's pointed height, Thence breathing strains enchanting mortal ears, Such as he tuned amid th' eternal spheres, Genius immortal winged its ardent flight I The sea responsive mighty surges rolled, Bearing each other on, a voice they found, Heaving, inspired, they laboured with the sound, And awfully their wondrous. nature told. The The winds which roll the clouds along the fly In every blast sang forth the Maker's praise; The spirit seemed descended from on high To catch the song, and to th' Almighty raise. Then, like a meteor, fierce he Shot along; (Refulgence brake, for mortal eyes too strong) Amidst the clouds emerged his radiant head, Wafting the tributes which all nature pays; Day seemed as twilight while the spirit fled, The amber clouds received his parting rays. Then round the shore th' Enthusiast throws her eyes; (Still foamed the main, and troubled were the skies) Dazzled, through' clouds the watery sunbeams views, While parting vapours wild and various stray; Faintly her lucid bow fair IRIS shows; ARLA conceived it a remaining ray, And wildly stretched her arms t' implore its stay. M 2 Not Not unobserved her ecftacies had flown, Nor the vibrations of her heavenly tongue; For EDRAN 'mid the rocks furvey'd her charms, And the seraphic frenzy of her eyes, Her hair long treaming over her trembling arms, As from her lips the note of rapture flies. He saw her with fanatic ardour blind, And fmil'd, while parfion in his bosom wrought, And mischief mingling in the villain's thought With triumphs over religion pusfd his mind. He in the world's bate school had studied long, Vain of his parts, devotion to decry, And learned bewitching eloquence of tongue To palliate vice with ihifting sophistry: His ample front deep penetration ihows, Beneath his powerful brows Strong flafh'd his eyes, And with invention itrength of ation vies. Potent Potent in ill; he bent his subtle powers To draw young ARLA in his wily snare, Jpin'd in her raptures, while sublime fie pours Entrancing trains of music on his ear. Her pious fancies he enriched with thought, She listened