from noisy pleasures flew, And to the calms of solitude withdrew; Nature exploring, and with music sire, Lost in research he wandered as inspired. l4 PART PART THE SECOND. R O C V D from man, and summer's tuneful groves, Alone harmonious THELMON strays to muse; Over rugged hills, through long rough paths he roves, To where, impelled by winds, the ocean roars, Heaves its vast surges on the echoing Thores, Foams 'mid the rocks, and dashes the thick ooze. Now on the sounding beech, sublime in thought, He viewed the wonders of the horrid deep, Which from the heavens the ponderous torrents caught, While briny mountains brave the darkened sky, Where lowering clouds replete with waters fly, And stormy winds the heavens and ocean sweep. Nor jarring elements untuned his soul, Each natural cause Still tracing to its source, While While driven on winds the waves tremendous roll; Curious to meditate on Nature's law, The valt Creator in his works he saw, And contemplation guides his wandering course. Humbled by youthful crimes and curbed desires, Abftrafed through life's mazy paths he trod, The love of science damped his former fires; And' with a heart formed to converse with man, A genius raised on Nature's noblest plan, He inward drew his powers, and sought his GOD. Pondering on man's vain passions as he flood, He heard the transports of the empty wind, The vain contentions of the mighty flood, Till the tired form scowled cross the heaving main, The spray no more flies over the distant plain, And the saint fun through filmy vapours fllin'd. Calm Calm 'midst advancing shades dissolve the day, The silence winds scarce Ihook the showery leaves, And through the heavens the watery vapours stray; Thien over the sea (tumultuois now no more) Which beat the rocks, and gently dasl'd the shore, A solemn melody his spirit breathes. THELMON, whom passions now no more control, To science and to music gave his soul; Fair CARMEL's charms alone his love had sire, 1 Unmarked the mind which every grace inspired, With violence it flamed, but soon expired. J His heedless wanderings fate or chance decide, But now again near CARMEL's dwelling guide; Of which unmindful, fcill he roved the plains, And to the setting fun poured forth sublime his strains. P A T PART THE THIRD. THE grove is huih'd, tie faffron tinged clouds Shoot down their softening colours to the wetl; Advancing night the fable mountains fnrouds, And with her dewy feet are meads and flowrets pressed. Slowly the solemn moon its full orb rears, And through the skies its lucid influence throws, Each glittering fiar 'mid fleecy clouds appears, And through th' immeasurable path of heaven The high galaxy glows. The moonbeams glide serene across the lake, Whose glassy bosom. gloomy branches shade; The dying gale the murmuring fldges slake, While While sounds melodious, pouring through the grove, The solemn stillness of the night invade. 'Cool as the eve, mild as the lucid spheres, Fair CARMEL wanders'mid the nightly dew But wondering flood, as through her well tuned ears She listening soft harmonious numbers drew, On the chaste moon the sixed her crystal eyes, Her ear attentive caught the trembling sounds; Responsive her lone bosom uttered sighs, While the musician pours his lofty strains, They fill the woods, they echo over the plains, The distant air with heavenly notes resounds. SONG OF THELMON. " In the cool bosom of the solemn night "With songs sublime I hail the Power Divine, " As from yon orb the quivering beams of light "Surround "Surround the shades, and through the aether bright "Soften the scene, and over the trembling waters "hine. C 'Mid splendent day oft jarring passions war, "But calm at eve I tread the silent grove, C And feel delight from every brook and star: "Each solemn scene I view with sacred awe , " While from a mental glance cf Nature's law "I learn the wonders of almighty love. " Rude were the storms which deep through my "breast " Have ftriv'n the germs of virtue to expel; " Rebellious passions robbed my soul of reft: " But in despondency's mois baleful hour " I felt within a renovating Power "Strengthen my soul, and all at last is well. "My CC My mind, no more in boilterous transports drowned, "Refletive feels a bosom formed for love, " Senses which touch the strings of thought profound, " And taste each bliss in Nature's calm retreats; " While over this wilderness of thorny sweets 'Wandering, with harmony of soul I move." He ceased, and'midft the thickets ftray'd along. The lifening virgin's bosom fwell'd with woe, 'Mid silent tears she heard the solemn bng -- Well did her soul his heavenly accents know. re kindled palions warm her heaving breast, While memory teems with proofs of f2rmer love; Deep in her heart each accent is impressed, Scarce can the quit the lake, or shadowy waving grove. Her Her fancy hears amidst the murmuring gale Still the faint echoes of his music roll, Homeward the bends at last, fatigued and pale, And vainly strives to calm her trembling soul, PART THE FOURTH. THE moon is sunk, and heaven's resplendent stars Glimmer 'mid nightly Ihades and morning grey,. Over the low plains a whitish mist appears; While silvering every eastern cloud, the dawn, Infusing flow the promise of the morn, saint tinged the couch where carmr L thoughtful lay. Front From her clear eyes large pearly drops descend, Unusual sires thrill through her trembling veins: As when the potent solar rays extend Over tracts where long congealing ice and snows Like mountains rise, near polar circles froze, And melting by its heat wild deluge the vast plains. Remembrance poured its influence through her soul; Her aching bosom heaved with bitter sighs, Her agitated thoughts diftraaed roll; And to her fev'rilh fancy THELMO4 rose Now lofty verse in strains harmonious flows, Now passion speaks in his all potent eyes. Like an imperfec