ROBERT shouted as the flames arose. Wild Wild raged the fires, the crackling pile gives way, ' Th' involving smoke obscures the face of day, And flames upon the crumbling ruins prey. J The priests triumphant hail the Heavenly King, And even 'midst murder, songs of worship sing. RAPHAEL, whom virtue snatched from rash despair, Now seemed the test of what the heart can bear: As he beheld the barbarous flames ascend, And over the pile the circling smoke extend, Awhile, by each sublimer thought forfooki All that was human in his bosom shook; A frantic wish of death alone inspires 'To. mingle souls, and rush amid the fires; Desperate he flew towards where the fagots blazed, But, ere he plunged, from pious habit raised His heart to GOD; that sacred name impressed The sense of duty on his rebel breast; He felt a power divine his rage control, An inward voice reftiain his daring soul; Awful Av, .ul against felf murder conscience rose; Trembling he ftopp'dj his heart with horror froze: " Can the rash suicide ever hope to join " IANTHE's spirit in the realms divine ?" His heart he prostrates, though convulsed with woe, And as a Christian bore the deadly blow, Mingles amid a dreary world again, Suffering a life of labour and of pain; From sorrow more sublime , more firm from thought, - Those truths he studied which the Saviour taught; And from refletion and the Gospel drew Strength, which on faith and hope's firm bais grew,. And virtues pure, unmixed with bigotry, Which breathed forbearance, jurice, charity! Illumed within, even in that bloody hour When priestcraft reigned with arbitrary power, He saw their sway dissolve all human ties, And darkness veil the laws, and Truth's fair eyes, Yc? Yet could impart no ray of sacred light: So thick the mists which clouded human sight. Thus dark, in error wrapped, long groaned mankind, Pleased with vain thews, and to oppression blind; Till Freedom, dawning over the injured earth, Cleared some rankweeds, and gave true knowledge birth. ! may we ever fainify her fane! And never her hallowed paths with.flaughter ltain; Love of mankind, not novelty, be ours; For general good may man exert his powersi Repeat, Repeat, O, Muse! the virtuous song Of him, whose bosom knew no art; Whose native measures, wild and frong, Poured the free dictates of his heart. 8 0 N G. : ' TOSSED 'midr life's terrific storms, "My soul on Nature's centre clings, "f Striving to tale each fcatter'd bliss, "' And loudly grateful anthems sings. " When flying over the billowy deep, "Upborne the sounding waves among, " While winds the boiling ocean sweep, "And lightenings dart their fires along; " Abforb'd, unmoved, resolve of mind, "I dare the elements afsauk, I " 'Midst "'Midst roaring oceans ploughed by wind, "While thunders burst through' heaven's high vault. " On Virtue's base,. and buoyed by Hope, "I see peace beam through every cloud; " Benumbed upon the shattered rope "Still grateful is my song, and loud. " Grateful, for being raised from nought "( To scenes where Nature's blessings (hine, " Endued with fancy, love, and thought, "And dawnings of a soul divine !", al fr a QA fragmenti THE BLIND MAN. SAY, reverend man, why 'midrf this stormy night Wander'ft thou darkling, and expbs'd, alone? Alas L I would assist thee though unknown. "Rash youth! that GOD which robbed my eyes of , sight " Darts through my mind a ray of sacred light: " The winds I heed not, nor the lallhing fho*wr, " My sinewy frame is firm, my soaring mind has power. " This oaken ftaff feels out the dangerous way: 1 " 'Twas Heaven's fierce fire which swept my eyes C away, " And left an orblefs trunk, that knows nor night "nor day. J I i "Yet, "et firong ideas rooted in my brain " Form, there an universe, which doth contain ( Those images which Nature's hand displays, "The heavenly arch, the morning's glowing rays; " Mountains and plains, the sea by tempests hurled, " And all the grandeur of this glorious world !" But, ah! how wild drives on the rapid form, Dafling the rain against thy reverend form! Yon swelling river, foaming towards the main, Smokes 'ridft th' advancing waves and falling rain: 0, father! my young soul is ihook within; 0! let me lead you from this horrid scene. C I yield; but let hot fear thy mind deform, " Hark! 'tis god's voice which urges on the form; H' e to this world of elements gave torrm "From "From them he moulded all, yet gave not peace, C But broke the harmony, and bade them rage; ( He meant not happiness Should join with ease, " But varied joys and pains should all the world "engage." 1 3 THELMON THELMQN AN C CARMEL; AN IRREGULAR POEM. PART THE FIRST. IN thelmon's breast contending passions rise, While, with resentment stung, he proudly flies; The harmonist divine, to madness sire, Rashly to CARMEL's youthful charms aspire But fle, with Virtue's awful power possessed, Taught him to blush, and drove him from her breast, First anger in his heated bosom rose, With pride he burns, for speedy vengeance glows: His instrument, of heaven infpired found, Touched by dire discord wounds the air around; Then vengeance dies, and fierce disdain succeeds; He flies, while CARMEL's heart with sorrow bleeds; His agonies are changed to bitter scorn, Nor can the lofty spirit stoop to mourn; Disowning Disowning every tie that linked the heart, He lost in vice the racking sense of smart; He gave a scope to all his mad desires. (Perverted genius deepest crimes inspires) The wanton chords he struck with loose delight, And wit's strong flaihes shed luxuriant light; Till, satiate with the empty joys of sense, And oft disgusted with their impotence, Wearied of follies reaped without control, With felf reproach he smarted to the soul; With shame and scorn