furrounded.by the sweets of wild flowers, they inhaled the pure breeze of the Alps, which might be called spirit of air, and partook of a repast which these circumstances rendered delicious. When they arose to depart, " I am unwilling," said Clara, " to quit this charming " spot. How delightful would it be to pass " one's life beneath these shades with the friends " who are dear to one La Luc smiled at the romantic simplicity of the idea; but Adeline sighed deeply to the image of felicity, and of Theodore, which it recalled, and turned away to conceal her tears. They now mounted their horses, and soon after arrived at the foot of Montanvert. The emotions .of Adeline; as she contemplated in various points of view the aftonifliing objects around around her, surpassed all expression; and the feelings of the whole party were too firong to admit of conversation. The profound stillness which reigned in these regions of solitude in frired awe , and heightened the sublimity of the feenery to an exquisite degree. "It seems," said Adeline, " as if we were walking over the ruins of the world, and were " the onlyperfons who had survived the wreck. 1s I can scarcely persuade myself that we are s not left alone on the globe." "( The view of these objets," said La Luc, " lifts the soul to their Great Author, and we ', contemplate with a feeling almost too val; for humanity the sublimity of his nature s in the grandeur of his works." la Luc raised his eyes, filled with tears, to heaven, and was for some moments lost in silent adoration. They quitted these scenes with extreme re lufiance;. but the hour of the day, and the appearance of the clouds, which seemed gathering for a dorm, made them hasten their departure. Could she have been sheltered from its fury, Adeiine almost wished to have witnessed the tremendous effect of a thunderstorm in these regions. They returned to Leloncourt by a different route, and the shade of the overhanging precipices was deepened by the gloom of the atmot phere. It was evening when they came within view of the lake, which the travellers rejoiced to see, for the torm so long threatened was now fast approaching; the thunder murmuredi among the Alps; and the dark vapours that roled heavily along their fides heightened their dreadful sublimity . La Luc would rhave .quickened his pace, pace, but the road winding down the steep fide of a mountain made caution neceffrry. The darkening air and the lightenings that now flashed along the horizon terrified Clara, but (he withheld the expression of her fear in consideration of her father. A peal of thunder which seemed to shake the earth to its foundations, and was reverberated in tremendous echoes from the cliffs, burst over their heads. Clara's horse took fright at the sound, and, setting off, hurried her with amazing velocity down the mountain towards the lake, which waffed its foot. The agony of La Luc, who viewed her progress in the horrible expectation of feeing her daflied down the precipice that bordered the road, is not to be described. Clara kept her seat, but terror had almost deprived her of sense. Her efforts to preserve herself were mechanical, for file scarcely knew what the did. The horse, however, carried her safely almost to the foot of the mountain , but was making towards the lake, when a gentleman who travelled along the road caught the bridle as the animal endeavoured tu pass. The fuddetz slopping of the horse threw Clara to the ground, and, impatient of restraint, the animal burst from the hand of the ltranger and plunged into the lake. The, violence of the fall deprived her of recolletion; but while the stranger endeavoured to support her, his servant ran to fetch water. She soon recovered, and unclofing her eyes, found herself in the arm of a chevalier, who appeared to support her with difficulty. 'The compassion expressed in his countenance, while ie inquired how fce did, revived her spirits, and (he she was endeavouring to thank him for his kind. ness when La Luc and Adeline came up. The terror impressed on her father's features was per. ceived by Clara; languid as ihe was, she tried to raise herself, and said, with a faint smile, which betrayed, instead of disguising her furier. ings, " Dear Sir, I am not hurt." Her pale countenance and the blood that trickled down her cheek contradicted her words. But La Luc, to whom terror had fuggelled the utmost polfl. ble evil, no rejoiced to hear her speak; he recalled fomr presence of mind, and while Adeline applied her salts, he chased her temples. When the revived the told him how much see was obliged to the firanger, La, Luc endeavoured to express his gratitude;. but the former interrupting him, begged he might be spared the pain of receiving thanks for having followed an 'apuife of common humanity. They were now not far from Leloncourt; but the evening was almost shut in, and the thunder murmured deeply Rmong the hills. La Luc was distressed how to convey Clara home. In endeavouring to raise her from the ground, the stranger betrayed such evident symptoms of pain, that La Luc inquired concerning it. The sudden jerk which the horse had given the arm of the chevalier, in escaping from his hold, had violenrli sprained his shoulder, and rendered his arm almofi useless. The pain was e: qui site, and La Luc, whose feais for his daughter were now fubfding, was hnocked at the circum itance, and pressed the stranger to accompany him to the village, where relief might be obtained. He accepted the invitation, and Clara, boing ing at length placed on a horse led by her father, was condueted to the chateau. When Mladame, who had been looking out for La Luc some time, perceived the cavalcade approaching, she was alarmed, and