this is not because men are cruel, but because they are compassionate: they want to be moved, and to escape from idleness, they seek for violent agitations. This is the rea son people frequent public executions, and go to see Tragedies: were we insensible, we should not go to either. Man is born with defects and vices, but he is born with sensibility; and if Nature fel. dom forms a tender or compassionate heart, at least, it does not produce one which is absolutely without pity. There is no example of a child having a new nurse, who does not sensibly regret and and weep for the first: therefore if the seeds of sensibility are to be found in mankind, and they become afterwards obdurate and cruel, without any particular vice either of head or heart, it is evident that this unfortunate person has been corrupted by education. In fine, it is a comfortable refletion for all Tutors, that all the bad qualities children show in their infancy, may be of no bad consequence in future, because a good education may mend them. Whilst on the contrary, for the same reason, we may place firm dependance on the virtues they promise. LETTER XX From the Baron d'almane to the Viscount Limours. Y OU ak me, my dear Viscount, how I hall proceed in order to give my Tonne that true courage, which is so essential a quality in men, and above all in a soldier? Custom familiarises one to the moult frightful and dangerous things. If the use of fire was unknown to us the first time we saw it, to what a degree should we be alarmed by its de flruaive qualities, when we found a single spark sufficient to deitroy a whole town! What precautions should we make use of to preserve ourselves in our houses, and what terror would a firebrand falling on the floor, or a lighted candle on a table covered with papers, cause in us! We feel nothing of this, however, because custom has inured us to it; though we arc not so indifferent about things D 6 of of infinitely less consequence. For example, the generality of women have an invincible aversion to spiders, toads, snakes, c. whilst the sight of there creatures make no kind of impression on the mind of the most timid peasant, because they meet with such things continually. The country, where people are least afraid of thunder , is precisely that, where it does moult mischief. I re. member, in going from Rome to Naples, I slept in a Convent, on which the thunder falls regularly two or three times a year. That very night there was a dreadful storm, and I observed the Monks paid no more attention to it than if they had not heard it. I saw all the environs of Mount Vesuvius firipped of their verdure, and covered with lava; frightful and memorable remains of this most dreadful of plagues! Yet on this very lava, I saw a number of hoifes built, even at the foot of the mountain , and touching that formidable place, which carries death in its bosom. The owners of these lands trample under their feet the ashes of the unfortunate inhabitants ofpompcia. They have before their eyes the ruins of this buried city, and yet they are themselves much nearer to Vesuvius. After all these reflecions, I have endeavour. ed, as much as possible, to familiarise my children to those things which. create terror and difguf. In their infancy we accustomed them to look at, and even to touch spiders, frogs, and mice. It was only necefflry to set them the example; they soon wished to have them, and to bring them up; and 1 have seen ddelizide weep at the death of ha favourite frog, with as much grief as if ihe hai lost the most delightful canary bird. When i has thundered , everybody near them has cri out, , u:, what a beautiful sight! looking at the clouds, and the lightning. And the children used to go, and sit at the windows, to contemplate this " beautiful and sublime sight; and '* were much pleased with it." Since I came hither, I have placed in a gallery, through which Aelaide and Theodore pass, a glafs cafe, in which is placed a skeleton, and some other anatomical preparations. But I did not let them see this without preparing them for it. I thought it necefliry to prevent their being terrified, as a bad inmpref. lion is very difficult to deitroy: this was the method I made use of; one day at dinner, I said aloud, that I had been putting in order the different pieces of anatomy, which had been sent to me from Paris. Monsieur d'.imeri (who had received his instructions) immediately began telling us, that the study of anatomy was very interesting and curious; and added, that he had such a pa.i: on for this science, that he had had for two years his " bedchamber entirely filled with " skeletons." The children inquired what they were, and after we had explained this to them, Ad; lidde said, a skeleton must be a very frightful thing: " not more so than a thousand other things," replied Madame d'almane: For instance, the " china baboon you have in your closet; " we then dropped the subject. After dinner I was asked to hew my glafs cafe; we went into the gallery, and the children came of their own accord, and neither Showed surprise nor disgust at feeing the skeleton: and from this time they have continually passed through the gallery, without even imagining it possible to be afraid of a Ikeleton. I frequently tell them stories of travei lers, lers, for which children have a particular liking; and I give them the most superb description of tempests , in order to excite their curiosity, more than their fears. I add, that even Shipwrecks are not truly dangerous to those who