bower. AH! ROSE, forgive the hand severe, That snatched thee from thy scented bed; Where, bowed with many a pearly tear, Thy widowed partner droops its head; And thou, sweet VIOLET, modest flower, 0! take my sad, relenting sigh; Nor stain the breast whose glowing power, With too much fondness bade thee die. SWEET LILY had I never gazed With rapture on your gentle form; You might have died, unknown, upraised, The vitim of some ruthless storm; Where fickle LOVE his altar rears, Your little bells had learned to wave; Or sadly hemmed r ith kindred tears, Had decked some hapless .MAIDEN's grave. Inconstant WOODBINE, wherefore rove With gadding stem about my bower? Why, with my darling MYRTLE wove, In bold defiance mock my power? Why quit thy native, lonely vale, To flaunt thy buds, thy odours fling; And idly greet the passing gale, On every wanton zephyr's wing? Yet, yet, repine not, though' stern FATE Hath nipped thy leaves of varying hue; Since all that's lovely, soon or late, Shall sickening, fade, and die like you. The fire of youth tlhe frost of agr, Nor WISDOM's voice nor beauty's bloom, Th' insatiate tyrant can assuage, Or stop the hand that sealed YOUR doom. N' LINES INSCRIBED TO P. DE LOUTHERBOURG, esq. R. A. On seeins hi, view in switzerl Idt, cc. WH E R E on the bosom of the foamy RH I NORTHEAST, In curling waves the rapid waters shine; Where towering cliffs in awful grandeur rise, And midst the blue expanse embrace the skies; The wondering eye beholds yon craggy height, Tinged with the glow of Evening's fading light: Where the fierce cataraa swelling over its bound, Bursts from its source, and dares the depth profound, On every side the headlong currents flow, Scattering their foam like silvery sands below: From hill to hill responsive echoes sound, Loud torrents roar, and dashing waves rebound: Th' opposing rock, the azure stream divides The white froth tumbling down its sparry sides; From fall to fall the glittering channels flow, 'Till lost, they mingle in the Lake below. Tremendous spot! amid thy views sublime , The mental sight ethereal realms may climb, With wonder rapt the mighty work explore, Confess TH' ETERNAL's power! and pensively adore! ALL VARYING NATURE! oft the outstretched eye Marks over the WELKIN's brow the meteor fly: Marks, where the COMET with impetuous force, Over Heaven's wide concave, skims its fiery course: While on the ALPINE steep thin vapours rise, Float on the blast or freeze amidst the skies: Or half congealed in flaky fragments glide Along the gelid mountain's breezy side; Or mingling with the waste of yielding snow, From the vast height in various currents flow. Now pale eyed MORNING, at thy soft command, Over the rich landscape spreads her dewy hand: Swift over the plain the lucid rivers fly, Imperfec mirrors of the dappled sky: On the fringed margin of the dimpling tide, Each odorous bud, by FLORA's pencil died, Expands its velvet leaves of lustrous hue, Bathed in the essence of celestial dew: While from the METEOR to the simplest flow'r, Prolific Nature! we behold thy power! Yet has mysterious Heaven with care consigned Thy noblest triumphs to the human mind; MAN feels the proud preeminence impart Intrepid firmness to his swelling heart; Creation's lord! wherever He bends his way, The torch of reason spreads its godlike ray. As over SICILIAN sands the Traveller roves, Feeds on its fruits, and shelters in its groves, Sudden amidst the calm retreat he hears The pealing thunders in the distant spheres He sees the curling funres from ETNA rise, Shade the green vale, and blacken all the skies. Around his head the forked lightnings glare, The vivid streams illume the stagnapt air: The nodding hills hang lowering over the deep, The howling winds the clustering vineyards sweep; The caverned rocks terrific tremours rend; Low to the earth the tawny forests bend: While He an ATOM in the direful scene, Views the wild CHAOS, wondering , and serene; Though' at his feet sulphureous rivers roll, No touch of terror shakes his conscious soul: His Mi D! enlightened by PROM ETH EAN rays Expanding, glows with intellecual blaze! Such scenes, long since, th' immortal POET charmed, His muse enraptured, and his FANCY warmed: From them he learned with magic eye t' explore, The dire AR CANUM of the STYCIAN shore Where the departed spirit trembling, hurled ," With restless violence round the pendent world On the swift wings of whistling whirlwinds flung, Plunged in the wave, or on the mountain hung. While over yon cliff the lingering fires of day, In ruby shadows faintly glide away; The glassy source that feeds the CATARACT's stream, Bears the last image of the solar beam: Wide over the Landscape Nature's tints disclose, The softest pisture of sublime repose; * shdupafs' Muure. ro Meuur. The sober beauties of eve's hour serene, The scattered village, now but dimly seen, The neighbouring rock, whose flinty brow inclined, Shields the clay cottage from the northern wind: The variegated woodlands scarce we view, The distant mountains tinged with purple hue: Pale twilight flings her mantle over the skies, From the still lake, the misty vapours rise; Cold showers descending on the western breeze, Sprinkle with lucid drops the bending trees, Whose spreading branches over the glade reclined, Wave their dank leaves, and murmur to the wind. Such scenes, 0 LOUTHER OUR! thy pencil sire, Warmed thy great mind, and every touch inspired: Beneath thy hand the varying colours glow, Vast mountains rise, and crystal rivers flow: Thy wondrous Genius owns no pedant rule, Nature's thy guide, and Nature's works thy school: Pursue her steps, each rival's art defy, For while she charms, THY NAME shall never die. LINES ON HEARING IT DECLARED TAHT NO WOMEN WERE SO HANDSOME AS THE ENGLISH. BEAUTY, the attribute of Heaven! In various forms to mortals given, With magic skill enslaves mankind, As sportive fancy sways the mind. Search the wide world,