in the horrors of eternal night bewail the infinite loss. The remembrance of that lbft': L ppil ness would render celestial day insufferable. The light of paradise could not. cheer me without thy favour: the songs of angels would but heighten my an guifhi, and torment me with a scene of bless which I must never taste . The fighi' of thy favourites, and the glories of thy e3 cour.r, court, would but excite my envy, and fill me with madness, while I. considered muyfelf the objec of thine eternal indignation: nor could all the harmony of heaven allay the horror of that refleaion. The groans of the damned, and the darkness of the infernal caverns, would better suit my grief. There to the cries of tormented ghosts, and to the sound of eternal tempests , I. might join my wild. complaints, and lament the loss of infinite bliss, and curse my own folly: but all the plagues below, if I might speak. my pre`ent thoughts, should. not extort a blasphemous reflection on the divine attributes; for I know I deserve eternal' misery, and even in helli, think I should: confess thy justice. Thy long experien ced clemency, I am sure, ought to silence. my reproaches for ever, and to all eter -- nity leave thee unblemif'dwith, the im -- putation of crlelty... But oh! what agonies would the remembrance of thy former favour excite? What exquisite remorse would it give me to recall those happy moments when thou didst bless my retired devotions with thy pretence? After I have relifh'd those divine entertainments, how .&itter would would the dregs of thy wrath be? Whether would thy frowns fink me, after I have enjoyed the light of thy countenance? If I must lose thy.favoztr, oh! let me forget what that word imports, and blot for ever from my remembrance the joys that a sense of thy love has excited: let no traces of those sacred transports be left on my soul. But mutll I depart from thee into everlasting fire? Double and dreadful curse! and: yet unquenchable flames, and infernal chains (if I canjudge in this life of such awful futurities) would be less terrible than the sense of those lost. joys. That loss would endure no reflection; the review would be for ever insufferable; the ages of eternity could not diminish the exquisite regret; fill it would excite new and unutterable an guifi, and rack Ie with infinite despair. Blessed. God, pity the soul whose extremest horror is the doom of an eternal departure from thee. Draw my spirit into the holiest and the nearest union with thyself that is possible, while it dwells in this flesh, and let me here commence that delightful residence, and converse verse with God, which nor death, nor' judgement shall everdeftroy, nor.fhall at long eternity ever put a period to it. XV The glory of god' in his works of, creation, providence, and redemption. M YY being immediately, flows from: thee, and ihould i not praise my: omnipotent Maker? I received. the last breath I drew: from thee, thou doff sustain my life.this very.moment, and the' next depends entirely on thy pleasure.' 'Tis the dignity of my nature to know, and my happiness to praife.and adore my great original.: But 'oh! thou supreme of all things, how art thou to be extolled. by, mortal. man:? Ifay to corruption, Thou art my father, and to the worms, ye are my brethren; my days are. as a hand's breadth, and my life is nothing bejore thee; but thou art the .Jme, aid thyyears never fail: from everlasting to everlasting thou art God, the incomprehensible, the immutable divinity. The language of paradise, and the strains of celestial eloquence, fall short of.thy perfections 5 the firstborn sons of light lose themselves in blissful astonishment in search of. thy excellencies excellencies; even they, with silent exfta fy, adore thee, while thou art veiled with ineffable iplendor. The bright, the blessed divinity is known And comprehended by himself alone. Who can conceive the extent of that Power, which, out of nothing, brought materials for a rising world, and from a gloomy chaos bid' the harmonious universe appear? Confusion heard the voice, and wild uproar Stood ruled; flood vast infinity confined. At thy word; the pillars of the sky were fram'di and its beauteous arches raised: thy breath kindled the stars, a dorn'd the moon with silver rays, and gave the fun its flaming splendour. Thou didst prepare for the waters their capacious bed, and, by thy power, set bounds to the raging billows: by thee the valleys were clothed in their flowery pride, and the mountains crowned with groves. In all the wonderful effecds of nature, we adore and confess thy power; thou utterest thy voice in. thunlder, and dost scatter thy lightnings abroad; thou ri deft on the wings of the wind, the mountains mountains smoke, and the forests tremble at thy approach; the summer and winter, the shady night, and the bright revolutions of the day, are thine; Thecf are thy glorious works, Parent of good, Almighty; thine this universal frame: Thus wondrous they; thyself how wondrous then? But O! what must thy essential majesty and beauty be, if thou art thus illustrious in thy works? If the discoveries of thy power and wisdom are thus delightful, how transporting are the.ma nifeftations of thy goodness? From thee everything that lives receives its breath; and by thee are all upheld in life. Thy providence reacheft the least insect, for thou art good, and thy care extends to all thy works. Thou feedeft the ravens,. and dost provide the young lions their prey: thou fcattereft thy blessings with a' liberal hand on the whole creation; man, ungrateful man, largely partakes thy bounty.' Thou caufeft thy rain to descend, and makeft thy fun to thine on' the evil and unthankful; for thou art' good, and thy mercy endureth for ever. As the Creator and Preserver of men, tkou art gloriously manifest;. uit