the frantic passions swell, Thy soul fubduing airs can soon assuage; Lulled by the magic of thy breathing shell, Where late wild turbulence difturb'd the breast, Philanthropy and dove eyed peace erect their downy nest. Chief [ 39 1 Chief guardian of the muse's train, 'Tis thine even trivial themes to save From finking in oblivion's grave, And deck the glories of her reign. Her boldest flights thou can'st pursue, For when the cursed MACBETH we view, Descending impiously brave, The waiweard filters dreary cave! When solemn horror breathes the song, And shoots the trembling chords along! Involuntary wonder's praise, With Shakespeare's wreath of fame, entwines thy Purcel's bays. Nay even to the sacred page, Thy Handel's harmonising art, More glowing language can impart; Or bid the boiwt'rous tempest rage!: For 4 [ 40 For when his captivating strain, Embellishes messiah's reign; Or crashing instruments prevail, With mingled sounds of fire and hail! Quick thrilling through' the human frame, Emotions visible proclaim The power of genius to control, And move each secret spring that agitates the soul. III 3. But beyond the reach of rhyme Far extends thy power sublime , Through' th' wide empyrean plains, Echoed in immortal itrains, Surviving death and time! When the final hour arriving, Mortals from the tomb reviving, See [ 4 ] See the radiant rainbow bending Circle round JEHOVAH's throne! Hallelujahs loud ascending, Quell expiring nature's groan! Then through' eternity's unbounded maze, Our voices th' angelic choir among, Shall swell th' ecstatic tide of ceaseless praise, And blessed, through' endless ages, still prolong In choral symphonies with one accord, The mystic song of " holy, holy, holy Lord !" MAT 3d, 1790. [ 42 3 4 .] O D E TO FOR I T UDE. ¢ THE CROWN OF MANHOOD IS A WINTER JOY, A' AN SVERGREEN THAT STANDS THE NORTHERN BLAST, r' AND BLOSSOMS IN THE RIGOUR OF OUR FATE. YOUNG. CELESTIAL guardian of the soul, Whose force repels affliction's dart! And can alone the storms control, That rend the woe devoted heart. To thee the sprightly and the gay, No anxious vows of homage pay; The pert, the thoughtless, and the vain, Are never found amongst thy train; But round thy awful throne are seen to wait Pale, trembling suppliants, vitims of relentless fate. To 4 [ 43 ] To there thy strengthening aid impart, O haste to succour the distressed! And with undaunted mien afiert, Thy empire in the human breast. Banish the base, usurping train, Impatience that increases pain, Pale ditcontent, corroding care, And poison breathing, fell despair! And teach the enlightened, reasoning mind to see Mankind can never be wretched, if possessed of thee. Though' oft 'tis true when woes assail, And fortune wears an afpe& drear, Impetuous' passions will prevail, And nature Shrink appalled with fear! Yet in that dark, malignant hour, Revived by thy enlivening power, The soul exerts her conscious worth, Calls all the latent virtues forth. Majestic suffers, scorning to complain,, And drowns in future glory, feni. of prefint pain; 'Tis 44 'Tis not the hard, obdurate heart, Which tenderness could never melt; 'Tis not the breast that scorns the smart, Which yet perhaps it has not felt: 'Tis not the languid, tearless eye Of cold insensibility, Whose frozen soul no passion moves, Because it neither hates nor loves; Nor yet the mind with brutal courage rude, can.boaft the power divine of heaven born fortitudt. No, - 'tis the heart whore every vein With complicated woe has bled; That feels, yet triumphs over pain, When human help and comfort's fled: The heart which oft has trembling sound Contempt's excruciating wound The pangs adversity bestows, Or dire misfortune's fatal blows! Or keener still, the sharp, envenofi'd stings, Which black ingratitude, or harsh unkindness brings. 'Tis 45 ] 'Tis then the glorious talk is thine, To bid the mental tempest cease, Disperse the gloom with rays benign, And soothe the throbbing breast to peace. The heathen stoics vainly strove Their fancied Fortitude to prove, When from those woes they taught to fly, And deemed it great, to dare to die; But thou the nobler privilege canst give, Serene amidst surrounding ills, to dare to live. Though' frail humanity, over born Would fink beneath the cumbrous load. Thy power repels the rending groan, And points to future bliss the road. ." Behold (methinks I hear thee cry) " Behold the sure reward on high! " Esteem terrestrial toys no more, " Immortal souls were made to soar, " And heaven in mercy breaks the. tender ties, " That chain them to the dust, and hold them from the skies." AUGUST 29th, i790. t 46 1 R ES OR M A T IO N, AN OD E. SEE! civil discord's bursting storm, With ruin Gallia's plains o'erfpread t Sweet nature's smiling face deform, And universal. horror shed No more domestic blfi is seen Attend the peasant on the green; The citizen obliged to roam, No more can boast a sacred home, But falls a victim to the fatal stroke, Which every bliss has crushed, each tender tie has broke, How [ 47 How devastation hurls her terrors round! What scenes of slaughter meet the sickening view, Where streams of blood have ftain'd th' enfanguin'd ground, And every objet wears the murderous hue! The blazing dome! th' clamhing din of arms! Th' mingled shouts of liberty and death, Alternate fill the soul with dire alarms! And frantic fear absorbs the panting breath. Even Royal Wretches with their infant train For safety fly, but fly perhaps, alas! in vain; Turn from the dread infpiring sight, To Britain's happy peaceful plains; Where law protes each native right, And sacred FREEDOM mildly reigns. Freedom, the Britain's ancient boast, Not the black fiend who wrecks yon coast, With savage fury madly drove, But fie, who with benignant love Has marked this land peculiarly her own, And whilst she steadfast guards, yet holds in awe the throne. Here [ 48 ] Here bounteous plenty crowns