five doors my stores command. This door unfolded, charms the sight. From this the powers of sound delight. Here Flora has her perfumes dressed. And here Pomona meets the taste . But ah! the fifth essay with care, Angels, or fiends inhabit there. From this my works their worth receive: Here it expires, or here shall live. Here lives offence! here high reward! Carmenta's phial is )our guard! The next an endless scroll had brought. The next a vase with wonder wrought, Formed to receive and to produce, Amazing stores to instant use. These gifts insured the royal pair. A joy disdaining fear to share; They scarcely called in Hope to see, The honours of their progeny. Even now around his infant frame, The beams of future glory flame; Yet of the fates they wished to know, The happy future sanctioned now. 12§ Sanguine, they strike their magic rod, To draw them from their dark abode; Where far removed from mortal ken, Decrees of gods they write for men: Their brazen pens, their juices lave, From Cocytus's inky wave; And straight th' irrevocable word, On adamantine leaves record. With wondrous skill the distaff's wound, And soon the wheel of life goes round; The sheers suspend, the thread is spun, Tis cut and mortal life is done. The royal pair these prayers repeat, To draw them from their awful seat; Dread sisters of the rosy hours, Daughters of Jove! relentless powers! Who write with an eternal pen, The firm decree of gods on men, Sisters three, enrobed in white, Appear, and sanction our delight. Ascend, and from your dark abodes, Show us the bright decrees of Gods: And lo! dark clouds obscure the night, With semblance premature of night. Tempest succeeds the Zephyr's breeze, And troubled waves to glassy seas: Confusion thunders through' the skies, And stern the destinies arise. 329 Earth cleaves, iand, t theii nerr aapproach, Fair Order shudders fromi their touch. Tell us, they cry, why we muss rise, To trouble earth and vex the skies; While we by partial all are staid, The work of worlds remains delayed; Summoned by you we yet are come, Then hear our words, for they are doom The Prince, from many potent powers, Has brilliant gifts to gild his hours; But all is vain they might display, If shortened life forbid their stay; And ah! his wheel of life appears Inclined to stop at eighteen years; But ere our work decisive prove, Still we must join in hate and love; If firm the thread of life shall keep, The wheel may stop, death is but sleep, And even from that sleep to free, Admits of possibility; But circumstance will so obtain, That scarce a ray from hope we gain, One hint observe and well receive, (All alas that we can give;) Virtuous pursuits wait glorious ends, And much depends on choice of friends. K 130 Hastening th' attendant shades away. This said, they quit the glare of day Ghastly they smiled, their torch they fired, And with the jar of elements .retired. For shades, shines Phoebus' radiant beamn And what the niggard fates scarce deem, As possible to human skill, Hope enters ready to fulfil. A thousand.schemes their minds prepare, Sanguine in each to shun the snare. Their orders issue through' the land, And all the wise before them stand The mystic presents to explain, That nought might be bestowed in vain; These give Carmenta's gift it's force, And show religion virtue's source All other means prove insecure, To leave it safe and draw it pure. The Cabinet they next explore, Of various charms, a wondrous store; From the first door to vision rise, What natures curious hand supplies Expanding all the wondering sense, To beauty and benevolence And here the masters skilled to teach, Explain what human powers can reach, - i31 The fine gradations far they see, Till lost in vast infinity. Immense, till distance shades their light, Minute, they lessen from the sight; The second door unfolds to cheer With pleasing sounds th' enraptured ear; Here intercourse, its bliss receives, And heavenly conversation lives; Nor here the master's skill is less, The force of language to impress; Than wake the sounds that touch the heart, And all their power to charm impart. The two succeeding doors display, What liberal nature can convey. Our pleasures with our wants can sort, And lure us to our own support, And ever faithful to her rights, From harm repels, to good incites. The masters show the prudent care, That ought these bounteous gifts to share And punishment she will exert, Over those who waste or who pervert. The skilful masters next unroll The windings of the awful scroll, And teach, though' earth her dust will ckim, Deeds shall retain their place in fame, r35 And actions, vicious or sublime , Shall live accursed, or blessed, through' time. Next, the internal world they view, And there their pupils' wonder drew, And more minutely to explore, Open the last, th' important door; It they approach with sacred awe , And first Carmenta's phial draw, Whose sacred essence can refine, All mortal gift by aid divine; Then, straight they touch those springs to wake, From which all deeds their merit take, Above cold maxims, there they show, The generous act exalted glow; Here precept takes its force to warm, And virtues wear a living charm; For saint assent, here faith has given, To ardent hope her absent heaven; For forms here warm devotions rise, To wrest the blessing from the skies; * Devotion, that can bind th' Almighty's arm, And of it thunder his right hand disarm, She passes quick Heavens lofty crystal walls, And the high gates fly open when she call; Her voice did once the sun's swift chariot stay, And on the verge of Heav'c Ihel back the day. BLACKM.1C. '33 Here justice melts at mercy's charms, And guilt by penitence disarms; For tardy aims cold duties guide, Here nameless charities reside; Here tenderest sympathies