penetrate, and diftinguilfhed no human being; but in the pauses of the wind he still thought he heard a sound of distant voices. As he listened in anxious si Icnce, his eye caught the appearance of a shadow, which moved upon the ground near where he flood. He started back within the cave, but in a few minutes again ventured forth. The fhadcwg - e mained stationary; but having watched it for some time, Ferdinand saw it glide along till it disappeared behind a point of rock. He had now no doubt that the cave was watched, and that it was one of his late pursuers whose shade he had seen. He returned, therefore, to Julia, and remained near an hour hid in the deepest recess of the rock; when, no sound having interrupted the prod F 4 found( () found silence of the place, he at length once more ventured to the mouth of the cave. Again he threw a fearful look around, but discerned no human form. The soft moonbeam slept upon the dewy landscape, and the solemn stillness of midnight wrapped the world. Fear heightened to the fugitives the sublimity of the hour. Ferdinand now led Julia forth, and they passed silently along the shelving foot of the rocks. They continued their way without farther interruption; and among the cliffs at some distance from the cave, discovered to their inexpressible joy, their horses, who having broken their fastenings, had firayed thither, and had now laid themselves down to rest. Ser dinand and Julia immediately mounted; and descending to the plains, took the road that led to a small seaport at some leagues distance, whence they could embark for Italy. They travelled for tome hours through gloomy C o05) gloomy forefis of beech and chestnut; and their way was only faintly illuminated by the moon, which ihed a trenmb. ling lustre through the dark foliage, and which was seen but at intervals, as the passing clouds yielded to the power of her. rays. They reached at length the skirts of the forest. The grey dawn now appeared, and the chill morning air bit shrewdly.. It was with inexpressible joy that Julia observed the kindling atmosphere; and soon after the rays of the rising. fun touching the tops of the mountains , whose fides were yet involved in dark vapours. Her fears dissipated with the dark nefs. the fun now appeared amid clouds of inconceivable splendour; and unveiled a scene which in other circumstances Julia would have contemplated with rapture. From the fide of the hill; down which they were winding, a vale appeared, from whence arose wild ancd lofty mountains , whose fides were cloth F 5 ed ( Io) ed with hanging woods, except where here and there a precipice projeted its bold and rugged front. Here a few half withered trees hung from the crevices of the rock, and gave a picturesque wildness to the objec; there cluffters of half seen cottages, rising from among tufted groves, embellished the green margin of a stream which meandered in the bottom, and bore its waves to the blue and distant main. The freflnefs of morning breathed over the scene, and vivified each colour of the landscape. The bright dewdrops hung trembling from the branches of the trees, which at intervals overlha dowed the road; and the sprightly music of the birds saluted the rising day. Notwithstanding her anxiety, the fcene'dif fused a soft complacency over the mind of Julia. About noon they reached the port, where Ferdinand was fortunate enough to obtain a fniall vessel; but the wind was ( i07) was unfavourable, and it was past midnight before it was possible for them to embark. When the dawn appeared, Julia returned to the deck; and viewed with a sigh of unaccountable regret, the receding coast of Sicily. But she observed with high admiration, the light gradually spreading through the atmo -- sphere, darting a feeble ay over the surface of the'waters, which rolled in solemn soundings upon the diitant shores. Fiery beams now marked the clouds, and the east glowed with increasing radiance, till the fun rose at once above the waves, and illuminating them with a flood of splendour, diffused gaiety and gladness around. The bold concave of the'heavens, uniting with the vast expanse of the oceans formed a coup d'ceil, firiking and sublime . The magnificence of the fcencry inspired Julia with delight; and her heart dilating with high enthusiasm, she forgot the sorrows which had oppressed her. F 6 The ( 108) The breeze wafted the lhip gently along for some hours, when it gradually sunk into a calm. The glassy surface of the waters was not curled by the lightest air, and the vessel floated heavily on the bosom of the deep. Sicily was yet in view, and the present delay agitated Julia with wild apprehension. Towards the close of day a light breeze sprang up, but it blew from Italy, and a train of dark vapours emerged from the verge of the horizon, which gradually accumulating, the heavens became entirely overcast. The evening shut in suddenly: the rifi .g wind, the heavy clouds that loaded the atmosphere, and the thunder which murmured afaroff, terrified Julia, and threatened a violent storm. The tempest came on, and the cap. tain vainly founded for anchorage: it was deep sea, and the vessel drove furiously before the wind. The darkness was interrupted only at intervals, by the broad expanse of vivid lightnings, which ( 109) which quivered upon the waters; and disclosing the horrible gaspings of the waves, served to render the succeeding darkness more awful . The thunder which burst in tremendous crashes above, the loud roar of the waves below, the noiie of the sailors, and the sudden cracks and groanings of the vessel, conspired to heighten the tremendous sublimity of the scene. Far on the rocky ihores the Burges found, The lathing whirlwinds cleave the vast pro, , While high in air, amid the rising storm, Driving