throulghout the len, which is bounded by mountains of every form and hue; and in the distant front is Loch Awe , thirty miles long, with Cruchan Ben, rising above the clouds in terrific majesty of towering crags, vul canic concaves and points also other motuntains, with verdant tops and woody sides, but not equal either in height or sublimity to Cruchan Ben, whose northern aspect is as terrific, as are its east and southern, sublime and beautiful. As I advanced to Dalmally, every step delighted me: but, alas! the clouds gathered thick, and a deluge of rain succeeded, which continued with unceasing violence the whole night and the next day. Had I then been acquainted with the beauties I igtht have seen in my wav to Bun Awe and Oban, I certainly should have gone thither from Dalmally. I would advise whatever traveller may reach the lengt of Dl niallv, by no means to miss the drive to Oban, about twenty-four miles. The road to Bul Awe , thirteen miles, crosses the beautifli river Orchy, by a bridge opposite to Dalnially inn, and soon climbs the side of Cru chan Ben, encountering innulmeralble torrents issuing sum that igantic mouintain; whicll on that and the south side is chiefly covered with wood, at least round its base, and high up its sides. After two miles die road crosses two powerful torrents, high above the Orchy river, and then descends by a precipice to the edge of Loch Awe on the left, having Cruchan still towering to the sky on the right, with numberless torrents rolling down its sides dashing to the lake. From the eastern side, from where I saw it, the surface of the water near the river Awe appeared to me perfectly smooth; but it falls over a broad bed of rocks with peculiar force and astonishing rapidity, and then roars through a channel of rocks and loose stones until it is lost in Loch Edive. A few short periods of fair weather be. tween the violent storms of rain, gave me an opportunity of seeing perfectly that part of Loch Aa Awe , where the river Awe runs out of it. Front that station the channel of the river seemed narrow; but of such a variety, grandeur, and beauty in the winding scenery about it, that nothing but the eye can take in. The huge masses of mountain of Cruchan Ben and Cruchan Barn, (that is fair) bound the lake and the river to the northwest, and extend from Dalmally to Bun Awe . Nothing can exceed the terrific appearance of that huge craggy mountain facing the north; but on the side of the lake, and the beautiful river, the face of it is indeed fair, being covered with wood and verdure. I never shall forget the effect this scene had on me, when I looked at it during some very short cessations of rain. The lake, the islands in it (and there are several, all, except one, covered with wood, through which the rocks peep like ruined castles; and that one is of grass, and a perfect flat of bright verdure, rising just above the level of the water, forming a great contrast to the other islands), the smooth water gliding to the channel of tile river; the beautiful and grand banks of mountains , rocks, and wood, and the projecting promontories of crags, retiring in perspective order, round which the broad river rolls till lost to sight, all was to we so enchant ing, that it is far beyond mly power to describe it. The road to Bun Awe sweeps round the huge base of Cruchan for thirteen miles, sometimes tlose to the water's edge, at others on a shelf hanging over it, through a continued grove of wood, and adorned by innumerable dashing torrents. Bun Awe is situated near the mouth of the river Awe , where it empties itself into Loch Etive. At some miles to the south of Bun Awe is the ferry, commonly called the Connel Ferry, which, all who go to Fort William by the Appin road, must cross, and it is a carriage road; I am told a tolerable gocd one. I say told, for alas! I missed it from ignorance of what is there to be seen; and I am in this description come to the Connel Ferry, in order to mention a cascade, as wonderful , if not more so, than any other in the world. Connhuil, signifies the raging flood. This cascade is periodical; for when Loch Etive (which is a saltwater lake) is swollen by the spring tides, it discharges itself in a mighty cataract through a strait, formed by rocks stretching out from either shore. The lake thus increased falls over the precipitate face of the rocks towards the west, from a height of about fifteen feet, with a Aa noise that astonishes all whohear it; and in some directions it is heard for many miles; while the fishing boats, at the extremities of the eddies, float in perfect smooth water. On the west side of Loch Etive, near the road to Appin, are the ruins of the city and castle of Beregonium, formerly the chief city of Scotland. I now return to my own route towards Inve raray from Dalmally; and as I left the view of Loch Awe , and proceeded on my journey, I drove through a woody district; and the road, from the hard rain, was continually crossed by roaring torrents, and burns swelled to rapid rivers. When I came to the bridge of Cladich, the stream there was so tremendous, that I was apprehensive it would wash away everything before it. From that bridge the road takes a short turn towards te east, and immediately winds up, and amongst mountains , to a very wild and dreary alpine country. The stream the road lies near, perhaps in dry weather, is little more than a burn; but when I was near it, and in a violent rain, it was