battlements above were Still tipped with splendour, From those too, the rays soon faded, and the whole edifice was invested with the solemn dufli ness of evening. Silent, lonely and sublime , it seemed to stand the sovereign of the scene, and to frown defiance on all, who dared ( 17r) dared to invade its solitary reign. As the twilight deepened, its features became more awful in obscurity , and Emily continued to gaze, till its clustering towers were alone seen, ricing.over the tops of the woods, beneath whose thick ihade the carriages soon after began td ascend. The extent and darkness of there tall woods awakened terrific images in her mind, and (he almost expected to see bari ditti start up from under the trees. At length, the carriages emerged upon a heathy rock, and, soon after, reached the cabtle gates, where the deep tone of the portal bell, which was struck upon to give notice of their arrival, increased the fearful emotions, that had assailed Emily. While they waited till the servant within fhouid come to open the gates, she anxiously surveyed the edifice: but the gloom, that overspread it, allowed her to distinguish little more than a part of its outline, with the massy walls of the. ramparts, and to know, that it was vast , ancient and dreary. From the JI Z parts ( 172) parts the saw, she judged of the heavy strength and extent of the whole. The gateway before her, leading into the courts, was of gigantic size, and was defended by two round towers, crowned by overhanging turrets, embattled, where, instead of banners, now waved long grass and wild plants, that had taken root among the mouldering stones, and which feeined to sigh, as the breeze rolled past, over the desolation around them. The towers were united by a curtain, pierced and embattled also, below which appeared the pointed arch of an huge portcullis, surmounting the gates: from there, the walls of the ramparts extended to other towers, overlooking the precipice, whose shattered outline, appearing on a gleam, that lingered in the west, told of the ravages of war. Beyond these all was lost in the obfcuriry of evening. While Emily gazed with awe upon the Scene, footsteps were heard within the gates, and the undrawing of belts; after which an ( i73 an ancient servant of the castle appeared, forcing back the huge folds of the portal, to admit his lord. As the carriage wheels rolled heavily under the portcullis, Emily's heart sunk, and she seemed, as if she was going into her prison; the gloomy court, into which fie pased; served to confirm the idea, and her imagination , ever awake to' circumstance, suggested even more terrors , than her reason could justify. Another gate delivered them into the second court, grafs grown, and more wild than the first, where, as she surveyed through the twilight its defolation its lofty walls, overtopt with briony, moss and nightshade, and the embattled towers that rose above, long suffering and murder came to her thoughts. One of those instantaneous and unaccountable convict; ins, which. sometimes conquer even strong minds, impressed her with its horror . The sentiment was not diminished, when he entered an extensive gothic hall, obscured by the gloom '3 of ( '74) of evening, which a light glimmering at a distance through a long perspective of arches, only rendered more striking. As a servant brought the lamp nearer, partial gleams fell upon the pillars and the pointed arches, forming a strong contrast with their shadows, that stretched along the pavement and the walls. The ludden journey of Montoni had prevented his people from making any other preparations for his reception, than could be had in the short interval, since the arrival of the servant, who had been sent forward from Venice; and this, in some measure, may account for the air offxtretme desolation, that everywhere appeared. The servant, who came to light Montoni, bowed in silence, and the muscles of his countenance relaxed with no symptom of joy. Montoni noticed the salutation by a slight motion of his hand, and passed on, while. his lady, following, and looking round with a degree of surprise and discontent, which she ( 75) ihe seemed fearful ofexpreffing, and Emiy, surveying the extent and grandeur of the hall in timid wonder , approached a marble staircase. The arches here opened to a lofty vault, fi-om the centre of which hung a tripod lamp, which a servant was hatily lighting; and the rich fretwork of the roof, a corridor, leading into several upper apartments, and a painted window, itretch ing nearly from the pavement to the ceiling of the hall, became gradually visible. Having crossed the foot of the fcair cafe, and passed through an anti room, they en. tered a spacious apartment, whose walls,, wainscoted with black larch wood, the growth of the neighbouring mountains , were scarcely distinguishable from darkness itself. 's Bring more light, ' said Montoni, as he entered. The servant, setting down his lamp, was withdrawing to obey him, when Madame Montoni observing, that the evening air of this mountainous re. gion was cold, and that she should like a. I 4 fire,, i176) fire, Montoni ordered that wood might be brought. While he paced the room with thoughtful steps, and Madame Montoni sat silently on a couch, at the upper end of it, waiting till the servant returned, Emily was observing the singular solemnity and desolation of the apartment, viewed, as it now was, by the glimmer of the single lamp, placed near a large Venetian mirror, that duskily refleted the scene, with the tall figure of Montoni paffing'lowly along, his arms folded, and his countenance shaded by the plume, that waved in his hat. From the contemplation of this scene, Emily's mind proceeded to the apprehension of what she might susser in it, till the remembrance of Valancourt, far, far distant! came to her heart, and softened it into sorrow. A heavy sigh escaped her: but,