gaily in the sunbeam, was hushed, the sound of many streams, not heard till now, murmured at a distance. The bats alone, of all the animals inhabiting this region, seemed awake; and, while they flitted across the silent path, which Blanche was pursuing, she remembered the following lines, which Emily had given her; TO THE BAT; From haunt of man, from day's obtrusive glare, Thou fhroud'fi thee in the ruin's ivied tower, Or in some shadowy glen's romantic bower, Where wizard forms their mystic charms prepare, Where Horror lurks, and ever boding Care! But, at the sweet and silent evening hour, When closed in sleep is every languid flower, Thou lovest to sport upon the twilight air, Mocking the eye, that would thy course pursue, In many a wanton round, elastic, gay, Thou flitt'ft athwart the pensive wanderer's way, As his lone footsteps print the mountain dew. From Indian ifles.thou com'rt, with Summer's car, Twilight thy love thy guide her beaming liar! To : 230) To a warm imagination , the dubious forms, that float, half veiled in darkness, as ford a higher delight, than the most dif tinct scenery, that the fun can show. While the fancy thus wanders over landscapes partly of its own creation, a sweet complacency steals upon the mind, and Refines it all to subtles feeling, Bids the tear of rapture roll. The difftant note of a torrent, the weak trembling of the breeze among the woods, or the sar oss sound of a human voice, now lost and heard again, are circumstances which wonderfully heighten the enthusiastic tone of the mind. The young Southeast. Foix, who saw the presentations of a fervid fancy, and felt whatever enthusiasm could suggest, sometimes interrupted the silence, which the rest of the party seemed by mutual content to preserve, remarking and pointing out to Blanche the most striking effect of the hour upon the scenery; while Blanche, whose apprehensions were beguiled by ( 3'31) by the conversation of her lover,. yielded' to the taste so congenial to his, and they conversed in a low restrained voice, the es sect of the pensive tranquillity, which twilight and the scene inspired, rather than of any fear, that they should be heard. But, while the heart was thus soothed to tenderness, St. Foix gradually mingled, with, his admiration of the country, a mention of his affection; and he continued to speak,. and Blanche to listen, till the mountains , e the woods, and the magical illusions of twilight were remembered no more. The shadows of evening soon shifted to the gloom of night, which was somewhat anticipated by the vapours, that, gathering fast round the mountains , rolled in dark wreaths along their fides; and the guides. proposed to rest, till the moon should rise, adding, that they thought a storm was coming on. As they looked round for a spot, that might afford some kind of shelter, - an object was perceived obscurely through the dusk, on a point of rock, a little way down ( 232) - down the mountain , which they imagined to be a hunter's or a shepherd's cabin, and the party, with cautious Rteps, proceeded towards it. Their labour, however, was not rewarded, or their apprehensions soothed; for, on reaching the object of tleir search, they discovered a monumental cross, which marked the spot to have been polluted by murder. The darkness would not permit them to read the inscription; but the guides knew this to be a cross, raised to the memory of a Count de Beliard, who had been murdered here by a horde of banditti, that had infested this part of the Pyrenees, a few years before; and the uncommon size of the monument seemed to justify the supposition, that it was erected for a person of some diftinaciop. Blanche shuddered, as she listened to some horrid particulars of the Count's fate, which one of the guides related in a low, restrained tone, as if the sound of his own voice frightened him; but, while they lingered at the cross, attending ( 233) tending to his narrative, a flash of lightning glanced upon the rocks, thunder muttered at a distance, and the travellers, now alarmed; quitted this scene of solitary horror , in search of ihelter. Having regained their former track, the guides, as they passed on, endeavoured to interest the Count by various stories of robbery, and even of murder, which had been perpetrated in the very places they must unavoidably pass, with accounts of their own dauntless courage and wonderful escapes. The chief guide, or rather he, who was the most completely armed, drawing forth one of the four pistols, that were tucked into his belt, swore, that it had shot three robbers within the year. He then brandished a clafp knife of enormous length, and was going to recount the wonderful execution it had done, when St. Foix, perceiving, that Blanche was terri sied, interrupted him. The Count, meanwhile, secretly laughing at the terrible histories and extravagant boastings of the man, resolved - ( 24) resolved to humour him, and, telling Blanche in a whisper, his design, began to recount some exploits of his own, which infinitely exceeded any related by the guide. To there. furprfing circumstances he so artfully gave the colouring of truth, that the courage of the guides was visibly asset ed by them, who continued silent, long aster the Count had ceased to speak. The loquacity of the chief hero thus laid asleep, the vigilance of his eyes and ears. seemed. more thoroughly awakened, for he listened, with much appearance of anxiety, to the deep thunder , which murmured at .intervals, and often paused, as the breeze, that was now rising,, rushed among the pines. But, when he made a sudden halt before a tuft of cork trees, that projected over the road, and drew forth a. pistol, before he would venture to brave the banditti which might lurk behind it, the Count could no longer refrain from laughter. Having now,