went with the lamp in her hand, thinking of nothing at all There, again!" cried Annette, suddenly" I heard it again !- it was not fancy, ma'amfelle !" H" ufh !" said Emily, trembling. They listened, and, continuing to sit quite still, Emily heard a low knocking against the wall. It came repeatedly. Annette then screamed loudly, and the chamber door slowly opened. it was Caterina, come to tell ( 206) tell Annette, that her lady wanted her. Emily, though file now perceived who it was, could not immediately overcome her terror ; while Annette, half laughing, half crying, scolded Caterina heartily for thus alarming them; and was also terrified lest what she had told had been overheard. Emily, whose mind was deeply impressed by the chief circumstance of Annette's relation, was unwilling to be left alone, in the present state of her spirits; but, to avoid offending Madame Montoni, and betraying her own weakness, she struggled to overcome the illusions of fear, and dif misled Annette for the night. When she was alone, her thoughts recurred to the strange history of Signora Lau rentini, and then to her own firange situation, in the wild and solitary mountains of a foreign country, in the caitle, and the power of a man, to whom, only a few preceding months, she was an entire stranger; who had already exercised an usurped authority ( 207) thority over her, and whose character fie now regarded, with a degree of terror , apparently justified by the fears of others. She knew, that he had invention equal to the conception and talents to the execution of any projet., aid (he greatly feared he had a heart too void of feeling to oppose the perpetration of whatever his interest might suggest. She had long observed the unhappiness of Madame Mantoni, and had often been witness to the tern and contemptuous behaviour she received from her husband. To there circumstances, which conlpired to give her just cause for alarm, were now added those thousand nameless terrors , which exist only in active imaginations , and which set reason and examination equally at defiance. Emily remembered all that Valancourt had told her, on the eve of her departure from Languedoc, refpeeting Montoni, and all that he had said to dissuade her from venturing on the journey. His fears had often since appeared to her prophetic now 208) now they seemed confirmed. Her heart, as it gave her back the image of Valancourt, mourned in vain regret, but reason soon came with a consolation, which, though feeble at first, acquired vigour from reflection. She considered, that, whatever might be herfufferings, Ihe had withheld from involving him in misfortune, and that, whatever her future sorrows could be, she was, at least, free from felf reproach. Her melancholy was assisted by the hollow sighings of the wind along the corridor and round the castle. The cheerful blaze of the wood had long been extinguished, and she sat with her eyes fixed on the dying embers, till a loud gust, that swept through the corridor, and flook the doors and casements, alarmed her, for its violence had moved the chair she had placed as a fastening, and the door, leading to the private flair cafe stood half open. Her curiosity and her fears were again awakened. She took the lamp to the top of the steps, and stood hesitating whether to go down; but again ( 209) again the profound stillness and the glpom of the place awed her, and, determining to inquire further, when daylight might assist the search, fie closed the door, and placed against it a stronger guard. She now retired to her bed, leaving the lamp burning on the table; but its gloomy light, instead of dispelling her fear, assisted it; for, by its uncertain rays, she almost fancied ihe saw shapes flit pall her curtains and glide into the remote obscurity of her chamber. The castle clock struck one before she closed her eyes to sleep. CHAP. '*' ( zo10) CHAP. VI I' I think it is the weakness of mine eyes, That shapes this monstrous apparition. It comes upon me !" JULIUS CJSAR. D AY.LIGHT dispelled from Emily's mind the glooms of superstition, but not those of apprehension. The Count Morano was the first image, that occurred to her waking thoughts, and then came a train of anticipated evils, which she could neither conquer or avoid. She rose, and, to relieve her mind from the busy ideas, that tormented it, compelled herself to notice external objets. From her casement she looked out upon the wild grandeur of the scene, closed nearly on all fides by alpine steeps, whose tops, peeping over each other, faded from the eye in misty hues, while the pro( () promontories below were dark with woodsy that swept down to their base, and stretched along the narrow valleys. The rich pomp of these woods was particularly delightful to Emily; and fl(e viewed with astonish . ment the fortifications of the castle spreading along a vast extent of rock, and now partly in decay, the grandeur of the ramparts below, and the towers and battlement's and various features of the fabric above. From these her sight wandered over the cliffs and woods into the valley, along which foamed a broad and rapid fiream, seen falling among the crags of an opposite mountain , now flashing in the sunbeams, and now ihadowed by over arching pines, till it was entirely concealed by their thick foliage. Again it burst from beneath this darkness in one broad sheet of foam, and fell thundering into the vale. Nearer, towards the west, opened the mountain vista, which Emily had viewed with such. sublime emotion, on her approach to the castle: a thin dusky vapour, that rose from the ( 212) the valley, overspread its features with a sweet obfcuriry. As this ascended and caught the sunbeams, it kindled into a crimson tint, and touched with exquisite beauty the woods and cliffs, over which it passed