the pomp of colouring. Emily delighted to observe the snowy tops of the mountains under the passing influence of the day, blufiing with morning, glowing with the brightness of noon, orjuft tinted with the purple evening. The haunt of man could now now only be discovered by the fi'mpl hut: of the shepherd and the hunter, or by the: rough pine bridge thrown across the torrent, to assist the latter in his chase of the' ehamois over crags where; but for this. vestige of man, it would have been be -- lieved only the chamois or the wolf dared to venture. As Emily gazed upon one of: these perilous bridges, with the catara&.' foaming beneath it, some images came tow her mind' which fle afterwards combinedi in the following STOR.E d SONNET.E The weary traveller, who, all night long, Has climbed among the Alps' tremendous lteeps,. Skirting the pathlcfs precipice, where throng Wild forms of danger; as he onward creeps -- If; chance, his anxious eye at distance sees The mountain fhepherd solitary home, Peeping from forth the moon illumined trees,. What sudden transports to his bosom come! But, if between some hideous chasm yawn, Where the cleft pine a doubtful bridge displays, In dreadful silence, on the brink, forlorn. He sands, and views in the faint rays - S 6 ar ( i2) Far, far below, the torrent's rising surge, And listens to the wild impetuous roar; Still eyes the depth, still shudders on the verge, fears.to return, nor dares to venture over. Desperate, at length the tottering plank he tries, lis weak lteps slide, he ihrieks, he finks he dies t Emily, often as she travelled among the clouds, watched in silent a we their billowy surges rolling below; Sometimes, wholly closing upon the scene, they appeared like a world of chaos, and, at others, spreading thinly, they opened and admitted partial catches of the landfcape the torrent, whose astounding roar had never failed, tumbling down the rocky chasm, huge cliffs white with snow, or the dark summits of the pine forests, that itretched midway down the mountains . But who may describe her rapture, when, having passed through a sea of vapour, she caught a first view of Italy; when, from the ridge of one of those tremendous precipices that hang upon Modunt Cenis and guard the entrance of that enchanting: country, she looked down through the ( 13) e lower clouds, and, as they floated away, ' w the grassy vales of Piedmont at: her eec, and, beyond, the plains of Lombardy xtending to the farthest distance, at which ppeared, on the saint horizon, the doubt ul towers of Turin? The solitary grandeur of the objects that immediately surrounded her, the mountain region towering above, the deep precipices that fell beneath, the waving blackness of the forests of pine and oak, which lkirted their feet, or hung within their recesses,. the headlong torrents. that, dafiing among their cliffs, sometimes appeared like a cloud of miss, at others.like a sheet ofice -- these were features which received a higher character of sublimity from the reposing beauty of the Italian landscape below, fretching to the wide horizon, where the same melting blue tint seemed to unite earth and iky. 'Madame.montoni only fiuddered as she looked. down precipices near whose edge the chairmen trotted lightly and swiftly, almoift ( 14) at'noff, as the chamois bounded, and from' which Emily too recoiled; but with her fears were mingled such various emotions. of delight, fiich admiration, astonishment ,. and awe , as he had never experienced before. Meanwhile the carriers, having come to a landing piace,. stopped, to ref,. and the travellers being seated on the point of a cliff,. Montoni and Cavigni renewed a: dispute concerning Hannibal's paifage over the Alps, Montoni contending that he entered. Italy by way of. Mount Cenis, and. Cavigni,. that he passed over Mounr St. Bernard. The: subject brought to Emily's imagination the. disasters he had suffered. in this bold and perilous adventure. She saw his vast armies' winding among the defiles, and over the tremendous cliffs of the mountains ; .which, at night were lighted up by his fires,. or by the torches which he caused to be carried' when he pursued his indefatigable march. In the eye of fancy, she perceived the gleam of arms through the duikinefs of night,. ths( ( - - e glitter of spears and helmets, and tley anners floating dimly on the twilight; hile now and then the blast of a; diftans rumpet echoed along the defile, and the gnal was answered by a momentary clash f arms. She looked with horror upon the noun taineers, perched on the higher cliffs,. ffailing the troops below with broken fragments of the mountain ; : on soldiers and elephants tumbling headlong down the lower precipices; and, as (he listened to the. rebounding rocks, that followed their fall,. the terrors of fancy yielded to those of reality, and the shuddered to behold herself on the dizzy height, whence the had pi&ured. the descent of others. Madame Montoni, meantime, as Ihe looked upon Italy, was contemplating in imagination the Splendour of palaces and the grandeur of castles, sich as she believed she was going to be mistress of at Venice and in the Apennine, and Ihe became, in idea, little less than a princess. Being no longer under the alarms which had deterred her from *§ d c16 > from giving entertainments'to the beauties of.tholoufewhom Montoni had mentioned t with more eclat to his own. vanity than. - credit to their discretion, or regard to truth, fle determined to give concerts, .though (he had neither ear nor taste for music; conver Jazioni, though [he had no talents for conversation; and to outvie,. if possible, in the gaieties of her parties and the magnificence of her liveries, all the noblesse of Venice.. This blissful reverie was somewhat obscured , when 1hle recollected the Signor,. her husband, .who, though he was not averse to. the profit which sometimes results from