failed, tumbling down the rocky chafnm, huge cliffs. white with snow, or the dark fummits'of the pine forests, that f retched midway down the mountains . But who may describe her rapture, when, having passed through a sea of vapour, she caught a first view of Italy; when, from the ridge of one of those tremendous precipices that hang upon Mount Cenis and guard the entrance of that enchanting country, The looked down through the .s ( 'I) the lower clouds, and, as they floated'away. saw the grassy vales. of Piedmont at her feet, and, beyond, the plains of Lombardy extending to the farthest distance, at which appeared, on the saint horizon, the doubt' full towers of Turin? The solitary grandeur of the objets that imrmediately surrounded her, the mountain region towering above, the deep precipices that fell beneath, the waving blackness of the forests of pine and oak, which flirted their feet, or hung within their re cefies, the headlong torrents that, dashing amiolig their'cliffs, fbmetimes appeared like a cloud of mifi, at others like a sheet of ice these were features which received a higher character of sublimity from the reposing beauty of the Italian landscape below, stretching to the wide horizon, where the same melting blue tint seemed to unite earth and sky. Madame Montoni only shuddered as ihe looked down precipices near whose edge the chairmen trotted lightly and fwiftiy, almost, ( i4) almoff, as the chamois bounded, and from which Emily too recoiled; but with her fears were mingled such various emotions of delight, such admiration, astonishment , and awe , as the had never experienced before. Meanwhile the carriers, having come to a. landing place, stopped to rest, and the travellers being seated on the point of a cliff, Montoni and Cavigni renewed a dispute concerning Hannibal's paltage over the Alps, Montoni contending that he entered Italy by way of Mount Cenis,. and Cavigni, that he passed over Mount St. Bernard.. The subje&t brought to Emily's imagination the disasters he had suffered in this bold and' perilous adventure. She saw his vast armies winding among the defiles, and over the tremendous cliffs of the mountains , which at night were lighted up by his fires, or by the torches which he caused to be carried when he puriued his indefatigable march. In the eye of fancy, she perceived the gleam of arms through the duskiness of night, the ( i5) the glitter of spears and helmets, and the banners floating dimly on the twilight;. while now and then the blast of a distant trumpet echoed along the defile, and the signal was answered by a momentary clash of arms. She looked with horror upon the mountaineers , perched on the higher cliffs, aitailing the troops below with broken fragments of the mountain ; on soldiers and elephants tumbling headlong down the lower precipices; and, as she listened to the rebounding rocks, that followed their fall, the terrors of' fancy yielded to those of reality, and the shuddered to behold herself on the dizzy height, whence She had picured the descent of others. Madame Montoni, meantime, as she looked upon Italy, was contemplating in imagination the splendour of palaces and the grandeur of castles, such as she believed Ihe was going to be mistress of at Venice and in the Apennine, and the became, in idea, little less than a princess. Being no longer under the alarms which had deterred her from ( 16) ftom giving entertainments to the beauties of Toulouse, whom Montoni had mentioned with more eclat to his own vanity than credit to their discretion, or regard to truth, Ihe determined to give concerts, though the had neither ear nor taste for music; conver fazioni, though she had no talents for con, verfation; and to outvie, if possible, in the gaieties of her parties and the magnificence of her liveries, all the nobleie of. Venice. This blissful reverie wasfonmewhatr obscured ; when she recollected the Signor,. her husband, who, thcugh he was not averse to the profit which sometimes results from such parties, had always shown a. contempt of the frivolous parade that sometimes attends them; till she considered that his pride might be gratified by displaying among his own friends, in his. native city, the wealth which he had neglected in France; and (he courted again the splendid illusions that had charmed her before. The travellers, asthey descended, gradually, exchanged the region of winter for the genial ( 17) genial warmth and beauty of spring. The sky began to assume that serene and beautiful tint peculiar to the climate of Italy; patches of young verdure, fragrant shrubs and flowers looked gaily among the rocks, often fringing their rugged brows, or hanging in tufts from their broken fides; and the buds of the oak and mountain ash were expanding into foliage. Descending lower, the orange and the myrtle, every now and then, appeared in some sunny nook, with their yellow blofroms peeping from among the dark green of their leaves, and mingling with the scarlet flowers of the pomegranate and the paler ones of the arbutus, that ran mantling to the crags above; while, lower frill, spread the pastures of Piedmont, where early flocks were cropping the luxuriant .herbage of spring. The river Doria, which, rising on the iummit of Mount Cenis, had dashed for many leagues over the precipices that bordered the road, now began to assume a less impetuous, though scarcely fess romantic. character,. ( I 8) character, as it approached the green valleys of Piedmont, into which the travellers descended with the evening fun; and Emily found herself once more amid the tranquil beauty of pastoral scenery; among flocks and herds, and slopes tufted with woods of lively Verdure and with beautiful shrubs, such as ihe had often seen waving luxuriantly over the Alps above. The verduie of the pasturage, now varied with the hues of early flowers, among which were yellow ra nunculufes and pansey. violets: of delicious fragrance, Ihe had never seen excelled. Emily