inaccef ble, almost surrounded it. To the ealt, a ifa opened, and exhibited the Apennines n their darkest horrors ; and the long per Letive of retiring fiimmits, rising over each there, their ridges clothed with pines, ex ibited a stronger image of grandeur, than ny that Emily had yet seen. tl.e fun had ift sunk below the top of the mouncains the as dlefcending, whose long shadow stretch athwart the valley, but his sloping rays, ooting through an opening of the cliffs, uched with a yellow gleam the sum its of the sores, that hung upon the op ofite steeps, and streamed in full filendour pon the towers and battlements of a aftle, that ipread its extensive ramparts vrol. II I along C 170) along the brow of a precipice above. The splendour of there illumined objects was heightened by the contrasted shade, which involved the valley below. "There," said Montoni, speaking for the first time in several hours, " is Udol. pho." Emily gazed with melancholy awe upon the castle, which she understood to be Montoni's; for, though it was now lighted up by the letting fun, the gothic greatness of its features, and its mouldering walls of dark grey stone, rendere'dcit a gloomy and sublime objc&. As she gazed, the light died away on its walls, leaving a melancholy purple tint, which spread deeper and deeper, as the'thin vapour crept up the mountain , while the battlements above were still tipped with iplendour. From those, too, the rays soon faded, and the whole edifice was invested with the solemn duftki ness of evening. Silent, lonely, and sublime , it seemed to stand the sovereign of the scene, apd to frown defiance on all, who dared ( 17i) ared to invade its solitary reign. As the wlight deepened, its features became more full in obscurity , and Emily continued to aze, till its cluttering towers were alone en, rising over the tops of the woods, be eath whose thick (hade the carriages soon ter began to ascend. The extent and darkness of these tall oods awakened terrific images in her ind, and she alnoft expected to see ban itti start up from under the trees. At ength, the carriages emerged upon a heathy ock, and, soon after, reached the castle ates, where the deep tone of the portal idl, which was struck upon to give notice ftheir arrival, increased the fearful emo ions, that had anfailed Emily. While they aited till the servant within should come o open the gates, she anxiously surveyed the difice: but the gloom, that overspread it, flowed lier to distinguish little more than part of its outline, with the massy walls f the ramparts, and to know, that it as vast , ancient and dreary. From the 2 parts ( 172) parts she saw, she judged of the heavy firength and extent of the whole. The gateway before her, leading into the courts, was of gigantic size, and was defended by two round towers, crowned by overhang. ing turrets, embattled, where, instead of banners, now waved long grass and. wild plants, that had taken root among the mouldering stones, and which seemed to sigh, as the breeze rolled past, over thede. solation around them. The towers were united by a curtain, pierced and embattled also, below which appeared the pointed arch of an huge portcullis, surmounting the gates: from these, the walls of the ramparts extended to other towers, over. looking the precipice, whose Shattered out. line, appearing on a gleam, that lingered in the west, told of the ravages of war. Beyond'thefe all was lost in the obfcuriry of evening. While Emily gazed with awe.upon the scene, footsteps were heard within the gates, and the undrawing of bolts; after which - * ani ( i73) an ancient servant of the castle appeared, forcing back the huge folds of the portal to admit his lord. As the carriage wheels rolled heavily under the portcullis, Emily's heart sunk, and fle feemeed, as if she was going into her prison; the gloomy court, into which she passed, served to confirm the idea, and her imagination , ever awake to circumstance, suggested even more terrors , than her reason could justify. Ahother gate delivered them into the second court, grafs grown, and more wild than the first, where, as she surveyed through the twilight its defolation its lofty walls, overtopt with briony, moss, and nightshade, and the embattled towers that rose above, long suffering and murder came to her thoughts. One of those instantaneous and unaccountable convictions, which fomerimes conquer even strong minds, impressed her with its horror . The sentiment was not diminished, when she entered an extensive gothic hall, obscured by the gloom 13 of ( 174) of evening, which .a light glimmering at a diilance through a long perfpeaive of arches, only rendered more firiking. As a servant brought the lamp nearer, partial gleams fell upon the pillars and the pointed arches, forming a strong contrast with their lia. dows, that stretched along the pavement and the walls. The sudden journey of Montoni had prevented his people from making any other preparations for his reception, than could be had in the short interval, since the arrival of the servant, who had been sent forward from Venice; and this, in some measure, may account for the air of extreme desolation, that everywhere appeared. The servant, who came to light Montoni, bowed in silence, and the muscles of his countenance relaxed with no symptom of joy. Montoni noticed the falutatidn by a slight motion of his hand, and passed on, while his lady, following, and looking round with a degree of surprise and discontent, which - ' the ( i75) e Temed fearful of expressing, and Emily, surveying the extent and grandeur of'the hall in timid wonder , approached a marble staircase. The arches here opened to a lofty vault, from the centre of which hung a tripod lamp, which a servant was hastily ighting; and the rich fretwork of the roof, a corridor,