fides.; and the guides proposed to rest, till the moon should rise, adding, that they thought a itorm was coming on. As they looked round for a spot, that might afford some kind of shelter, an object was perceived obscurely through the dusk, on a point of rock, a little way down the mountain , which they imagined to be a hunter's or a shepherd's cabin, and the party, with cautious steps, proceeded towards it. Their labour, however, was not rewarded, or 'their apprehensions soothed; for, on reaching the object of their search, they discovered a monumental crots, which marked the spot to have been polluted by, murder. The darkness would not permit them to read the inscription; but the guides knew this to be a cross, raised to the memory of a Count de Beliard, who had been murdered here by a horde of banditti, : that had infected this part of the Pyrenees, a few years before; and the uncommon size of the monument seemed to justify the supposition, that it was erected for a person of some dialintion.. Blanche fhaddered, as ihe listened to some horrid particulars of the Count's fate, which one of the guides related in a low, restrained tone, assis the sound of his own voice frightened him; but, while they lingered at the cross, attending to his narra M 2 tive, ( 244) .t've, a 'afli'bf lightning glanced upon the rockcs, thun'dermuttered 'at a diftannce, and the travellers, now alarmed, 'quitted this scene of solitary horror , in search of ffelt'er. Haw; ig regainid 'their former track, the guides, as theyt passed 'on, endeavoured to iintereft the Count by variolus stories of robbery, arid even ridrderi which had beenh pepetrated in. the very Tplces they iiiudf navoidably pass, with accounts of their own daiiiiitefs courage and wonderful .e'fapes. The chief guide, or rather he, who was mors completely armed, drawring forth one : of the f6oir.piftols, that were tuclied into his belt, swore, that it had shot three robbers within the year. He then brandidied a 'clasp knife of enormous length, and. was going to recount the wonderful execution it had done, when St. Foix,, perceiviing, that Blanche was 'terrified, interrupted, him. The Count, riieanwhile, 'ecretly laifghiing at the terrible histories did e.travagiat boftfings of the hian', resolved to."hdiiour him, and, telling 'Blancie in a whisper,. his design, began to recoui't'fome 'exploits of his own, which infinitely exceeded any related by, .th guide. To tlefe, furprifiiig circuimftarices he so artfully gavie te c'oiouritg of truth, that the courage of the guides was visibly affected biy thleii,. ho continued !erint, long after Ithe Count had ceaed to speak. The 'loquacity of the chief hero thus laid asleep, the vigilande of his eyes and' ears feeined.iimo'e thoroughly awakened, for he listened, : with'luch appearance of anxiety, to the deep thunder , which murmured at intervals, and often paused, as the breeze, 'that was now rising, ruifled. among the "i woes. 'But, when he made a sudden halt before a ift of cork trees, 'that projected over the road, and sdrew forth a pifto, before 'he old venture to ~.. · : ~; ·.*~ 'brave ( 245) brave thd L hnditti which might lurk behind it, the Count could no longer refrain from laughter. Having now, however, arrived at a level spot, somewhat fleltered from the air, by overhanging clilfs and by a wood of larch, that rose over a preci nice on tlhe left, and the guides being yet ignorant how far they were from the inn, the travellers determined to rest, till the moon fllould rise, or the storm disperse. Blanche, recalled to a sense of the present moment, looked on the furi ounding gloom, Rich terror ; but giving her hand to St. Foix, she alighted, and the whole party entered a kind of cave, if such it could be called, which was only a !hallow cavity, formed by the curve of impending rocks. A light being struck, a fire was kindled, whose blaze afforded tome degree of cheerfulness and no small comfort, for, though the day had been hot, the night air of this mountainous region was chilling; a fire was partly necessary also to keep, fs the wolves, with which those wilds were infested. Provisions being spread upon a projection of the rock, the Count and his family partook of a supper, which, in a scene less rude, would, certainly have been thought less excellent. When the repast was finished, St. Foix, impatient for the moon, sauntered along the precipice, to a point, that fronted the east; but all was yet wrapped in gloom, and the silence of night was broken only by the murmuring of woods, that waved far below, or by difrant thunder , and, now and then, by the faint voices of the party he had quitted. He viewed, with emotions of awful sublimity , the long volumes of sulphureous clouds, that floated along the upper and middle regions of the air, and the lightnings that flafled from them, sometimes silently, and, at others, followed by sullen peals of thunder , which the mountains ( 46-) tains feebly prolonged, while the whole horizons and the abyss, on which he stood, were discovered in the momentary light. Upon the succeeding darkness, the fire, which had been kindled in the cave, threw a partial gleam, illumining some points of the opposite rocks, and the summits of pine woods, that hung beetling on the cliffs below, while their recesses seemed to frown in: deeper (hade. St. Foix stopped to observe the picture, which the party in the cave presented, where the elegant form of Blanche was finely contrasted by the majestic figure of the Count, who was seated by her on a rude stone, and each was rendered more impressive by the grotesque habits and strong features of the guides and other attendants, who were in the back ground of the piece. The effect' of the light, too, was interesting; on the surrounding figures it threw a strong,