from the room, without waiting Emily's reply, whose heart, lightened by the certainty, that Morano was not arrived, allowed her to smile at the superstitious terror , which had seized on Annette; for, though she sometimes felt its influence ( 40 )- ''fluence herself, she could smile at it, when apparent in other persons. Montoni having refused Emily another chamber, she determined to bear with patience the evil file could.not remove, and, in order to make the room as comfortable as possible, unpacked her books, her sweet delight in happier days, and her soothing resource in the hours of moderate sorrow; but there were hours when even these failed of their effet; when the genius , the taste , the enthufiafn of the.fublimeft writers were felt no longer. Her little library being arranged on a high chest,, part of the furniture of the room, fle took out her drawing utensils, and was tranquil enough, to be pleased with the thought of Sketching the sublime scenes, beheld from her windows; but she suddenly checked this pleasure, remembering how often she had soothed herself by the intention of obtaining amusement of this kind and had been prevented by some new circumstance of misfortune. 'How can I susser myself to be deluded by hope, 5 said (he, ' and, because Count Morano is not yet arrived, feel a momentary happiness? Alas! what is it to me, whether he is here today, or tomorrow, if he comes at all ?and that he will come --. it were weakness to doubt.' To withdraw her thoughts, however, from the subjet of her misfortunes, he attempted to read, but her attention wandered from the page, and, at : ength, (he threw aside the book, and determined. to explore the adjoining chambers of the castle. Her imagination was pleased with the view of ancient grandeur, and an emotion of melancholy awe . awakened all its powers, as (he walked through rooms, obscure and desolate, where no footsteps had'pafied probably for many years, and remembered the firange hiftbry of the former poffeflbr of the edifice. This brought to her recolleaion the veiled ( 41) eiled picture, which had attracted her curiosity on he preceding night, and the resolved to examine t. As she passed through the chambers, that led o this, fly found herself somewhat agitated; its onned&ion with the late lady of the castle, and the onverfation of Annette, together with the circum ance of the veil, throwing a mystery over the sub e, that excited a faint degree of terror . But a error of this nature, as it occupies and expands le mind, and elevates'it to a high expectation, is urely sublime , and leads us, by a kind of fafcina on, to seek even the objet, from which we appear shrink. Emily pawed on with faltering steps, and having a wd a moment at the door, before she attempted o open it, fie then hastily entered the chamber, nd went towards the picure, which appeared to e enclosed in a frame of uncommon size, that ung in a dark part of the room. She paused gain, and then, with a timid hand, lifted the veil lut instantly let it fall perceiving that what it had concealed was no picture, and, before fly could leave the chamber, (he dropped senseless on the floor. When she recovered her recollection, the remembrance of what she had seen, had nearly deprived her of it a second time. She had scarcely strength to remove from the room, and regain her own; and,. when arrived there, wanted courage to remain alone. Horror occupied her mind, and excluded, for a time,. all tense of past, and dread of future misfortune : he seated herself near thecafement, because from thence she heard voices, though distant, on the terrace, anni&q'ht see people pass, and these, trifling, as they were, were reviving circumrfances, When her spirits hidi recvered their tone, file considered. whe theri{'f/ LII uld mention what she had feea to Ma; -; ''* '. : \ -- : ( 42) ainme Montoni, and various and important inotiveg urged her to do so, among which the least was the hope of the relief, which an overburdened mind finds in speaking of the subject of its interest. But fly was aware of the terrible tconfequences, which fueh a communication might lead to; and, dreading the indiscretion of her aunt, at length endeavoured to arm herself with resolution to observe a profound silence, on the filbjet. Montoni and Verezzi fooi after passed under the casement, speaking cheer. fitly, and their voices revived her. presently the Sigwios Bertolini and Cavigni joined the.ipaty. on the terrace, and Emily supposing that madame 'Montoni was. then alone, went to seek her; % Jthe solitude of her chamber, and its proxitity 'at where the had received so severe a shock, agai.: as, fe: led her spirits. She found her aunt in her dreffing room, preparing for dinner. Emily's pale and affrighted couht tenance alarmed even Madame Montoni; but she had sufficient strength of mind to be silent on the itubjeft, that still made her shudder, and which was ready to burst from her lips. In her aunt's apart. ment she remained, till they both descended to dinner, There hle met the gentlemen lately arrived, who had a kind of busy seriousness in their looks, which was somewhat unusual with them, while their thought seemed too much occupied by tome deep interest, to susser them to bestow muchr atten. tion eithet on Emily, or Madame Montoni'. They fpbke little, and Montoni less. Emily, as fie. ovow looked on him, ihuddered. the horror of the chamber rushed on her mind. Several timhes the colour faded from her cheeks, and she feared, that ilinefs would betray her emotions, and conmpel het to leave thti room; but the strength of her refolutiothi temedied · : ~': - '''~~~~ ' tfhd. - '., $ (43) e weakness of her frame; she obliged herelf toi nverfe, and even tried to look cheerful. Muntoni