a perspective only of barren rocks, with a cataract flafling from their summit among broken cliffs, till its waters, reaching the bottom, foamed along with unceasing fury; and Sometimes pastoral scenes exhibited their green delights, ' in the narrow vales, fmniling amid surrounding horror . There herds and flocks of goats and sheep, browsing under the shade of hanging woods, and the shepherd's little cabin, reared oi the margin of a clear stream, presented a sweet pie ture of repose. Wild and romantic as were these scenes, their character had far less of the sublime , than had those .of the Alps, which guard the entrance of Italy. Emily was often elevated, but seldom felt those emotions of indescribable awe , which she had, To continually ( 8) continualiy experienced, in her passage over the Alps. Towards the close of day, the road wound into a deep valley. Mountains , whose shaggy steeps ap peired to be inaccessible, almofttfurroundedit. To the east, a villa opened, that exhibited the Apennines in their darkest horrors ; and the long per ipe, 'ive of retiring frummits, rising over each other, their ridges clothed with pines, exhibited a fironger image of grandeur, than any that Emily had yet seen. The fun had just sunk below the top of the mountains fie was dcfceiiding, whose long shadow stretched athwart the valley, but his sloping rays, ihooting through an opening of the cliffs, touched with a yellow gleam the summits of the so rest, that hung upon the opposite steeps, and fiream ed in full splendour upon the towers and battle mecnts of a castle, that spread its extensive ram 'arts along the brow of a precipice above. The splendour of these illumined objecs was heightcn ed by the contrafied shade, which involved the val cye below. Thecr, ' flied Montoni, speaking for the frft t.me in several hours, ' isudolpho.' Eminiv gaced with melancholy awe upon the car trl, which isle understood to be Montoni's; fors rhoit; h it wuas now lighted up by the setting fun, the gothic grearncfs of its features, and its mouldering will (cf dark grey stone, rendered it a gloomy ard ftii!liiic (, bjct. As he gazed, the light died :; wniy on its wallss, leaving a melancholy purple tint, whlicli fpri.'d dicpl: r and deeper, as thethin vapour (cre t up thet inl(ullt.in, while the battlements above xwre still tipped with splendour. From those too, the r: i fiolys faoded, and the whole edifice was in vu: te: i with the feirnill duflinefs ofevening. Silent, I; nlcly, : L f'ubli:; C it feenied to itanid the sovereign (9) of the scene, and to frown defiance on al', who dared to invade its solitary reign. As the twilight deepened, its features became more awful in obscurity , and Emily continued to gaze, till its clustering towers were alone seen, rising over the tops of the woods, beneath whose thick shade the carriages soon after began to ascend. The extent and darkness of there tall woods awakened terrific images in her mind, and she almost expeeted to see a banditti (tart up from under the trees. At length, the carriages emerged upon a heathy rock, and, soon after, reached the castle gates, where the deep tone of the portal bell, which was (truck upon to give notice of their arrival, increased the fearful emotions, that had assailed Emily. While they waited till the servant within should come to open the gates, fle anxiously surveyed the edifice: but the gloom,, that overspread it, allowed her to dittinguifli little more than a part of its outline, with the massy walls of the ramparts, and to know,. that it was vast , ancient and dreary. From the parts she saw, she judged of the heavy strength and extent of the whole. The gateway before her, leading.into the courts, was of gigantic size, and was defended by two round towers, crowned by overhanging turrets, embattled, where, in Ptead of banners, now waved long grass and wiid plants, that had taken root among the mouldering Rones, and. which seemed to sigh, as the breeze. rolled past, over the desolation around' them the towers were united by a curtain, pierced and embattled also, below which appeared the pointed arch of an huge portcullis, surmounting the gates: from these, the walls of the ramparts extended to other towers, overlooking the precipice, whose fliattered out line, appearing on a gleam, that lin · *: ....* ': : - 5 gered. 'o -) gered in the west, told of the ravages of war. -- Beyond these all was lost in the obscurity of evening. While Emily gazed with awe upon the scene, footsteps were heard within the gates, and the undrawing of bolts; after which an ancient servant of the castle appeared, forcing back the huge folds of the portal, to admit his lord. As the carriage wheels rolled heavily under the portcullis, Emily's heart sunk, and she seemed as if fle was going into her prison; the gloomy court, into which flhe passed, served to confirm the idea, and her imagination , ever awake to circumstance, suggested even more terrors , than her reason could justify. Another gate delivered them into the second court, grafs.grown, and more wild than the first, where, as she surveyed through the twilight its defo. ation its lofty walls, overtopt with briony, moss and night shade, and the embattled towers that rose above, long suffering and murder came to her thoughts. One of those instantaneous and unaccountable convictions, which sometimes conquer even strong minds, impressed her with its horror . The sentiment was not diminished, when the entered an extensive gothic halt, obscured by the gloom of evening, which a light, glimmering at a distance through a long perfpeative of arches, only rendered more striking. As a servant brought the lamp near, partial gleams fell upon the pillars and the pointed arches, forming a strong contrast with their shadows, that stretched along the pavement and .the walls. The sudden journey of Montoni had prevented