the most sublime and exalted Christianity, might be realised? But, alas! it frequently happens that the wife and good are not the most adventurous in attacking the mischiefs which they perceive and lament. With a timidity. in some respects virtuous, they fear attempting anything which may possibly aggravate the evils they deplore, or put to hazard the blessings they already enjoy. They dread plucking up the wheat with the tares, and are rather apt, with a fpiitt of hopeless resignation, "To bear the ills they have, s' Than fly to others that they know not of." While ( 9) wvhile. fober minded and considerate men, therefore, sat mourning over this complicated mass of error, and waited till God, in his own good time, should open the blind eyes; the vast scheme of reformation was left to that set of rash and presumptuous adventurers, who are generally watching how they may convert public grievances to their own personal account. It was undertaken, not upon the broad basis of a wife and well digefted scheme, of which all the parts should contribute to the perfeetion of one confifent whole: it was carried on, not by those steady measures, founded on rational deliberation, which are calculated to accomplish so important an end; not with a temperance which indicated a sober love of law, or a sacred regard for religion; but with the most extravagant luff of power, and the most inordinate vanity which perhaps ever instigated human meafures a lufft of power which threatens to extend its desolating (. I folatig, influence over the whole globe; : a vanity of the same defarutive species with that which stimulated the celebrated incendiary of Ephesus, who being weary of his native obscurity and insignificance, and preferring infamy to oblivion, could contrive no other road to fame and iffiimor tality, than that of setting fireto the exqii rite Temple of Diana.. He was remembered indeed, as he desired to be, but only to be execrated; while the seventh wonder of the world lay prostrate throigh his crime. It is the same overruling vanity which operates in their politics, and in their religion, which makes Kerfaint * boast of. carrying his defrrucive projets from the Tagus to the Brazils, and from Mexico to the shores of the Ganges; which makes him menace to outltrip the enterprizes of the most extravagant hero of romance, * See his Speech, enumerating their intended projeets. 'and. LI) and .almo.f undertake with the marvel. louss celerity of the nimble footed Puck, To put a girdle round. about the earth ' In forty minutes." It is the same vanity, still the master_ passion in the bosom of a Frenchman, which leads Dupont and Manuel to undertake in their orations to abolish the Sabbath, exterminate the Priesthood, erect a Pantheon for the World, restore the Peripatetic Philosophy, and in short revive everything of ancient Greece, except the pure taste , the wisdom, the love of virtue, the veneration of the laws, and that degree of. reverence which even virtuous Pagans professed for the Deity. It is surely to be charged to the inadequate and wretched hands into which the work of reformation fell, and not to the impossibility of amending the civil and religious ( 12) ligious institutions of France, that all has succeeded so ill. It cannot be denied perhaps, that a reforming spirit was wanted in that country; their government was not more despotic, than their church was super flitious and corrupt. But though this is readily granted, and though it may be unfair to blame those who in thefirf outset of the French Revolution, rejoiced even on religious motives; yet it is astonishing , how any pious person, even with all the blinding power of prejudice, can think without horror of the present slate of France. It is no less wonderful how any rational man could, even in the beginning of the Revolution, transfer that reasoning, however just it might be, when applied to France, to the cafe of England. For what can be more unreasonable, than to draw from different, and even opposite premises, the same conclusion? Must a revolution ( i3) volution be equally necessary in the cafe of two sorts of Government, and two sorts of Religion, which are the very reverse of each other opposite in their genius , unlike in their fundamental principles, and widely different in each of their component parts. That despotism, priestcraft, intolerance, and superstition, are terrible evils, no candid Christian it is presumed will deny; but, blessed be God, though these mischiefs are not yet entirely banished from the face of the earth, they have scarcely any existence in this country. To guard against a real danger, and to cure actual abuses, of which the existence has been first plainly proved, by the application of a suitable remedy, requires diligence as well as courage; observation as well as genius ; patience and temperance as well as zeal and spirit. It requires the union of of that 'clear headt and found heart hivch'k conritute tie true patriot. But to conjure tip fancied evils, 'or even greatly to aggravate real: ones, and then to exhaust our'labour in combating them, is the charadterilic of a distempered imagination and an, ungoverned spirit. Romantic crusades, the ordeal trial, drowning of witches, the torture, and: the inquisition, have' been justly repro brated as the foulest 'fain of the refpecive periods in which, to the disgrace of human reason, they existed; but would any man be rationally employed, who should now frand up gravely to declaim against there as the predominating mischiefs of the present century? Even the whimsical Knight of La Mancha himself, would not fight windmills that were pulled down; yet I will venture to say, that the above named evils are at present little more chimerical than some of those now so bitterly complained of among us. C is 1 y8.. It is not as Dryden said, when one of his works was unmercifully abused, that. the piece has not