and the fpefator imagines he beholds enormous maftis of the topaz, while his eyes are dazzled with the sparkling brightness of their colours. The Lake of Geneva presents a variety equally inviting. In a ifate of tranquillity, its pure and limpid waters reflea the colours of the sky; but when agitated, it roars like the sea in dreadful majesty. Tumultuous and peaceable by turns, it attrats, charms, and astonishes the eye, by appearances continually new. Eglantine was never weary of these ravishing prorpeas. How insipid, said (he, does everything I have hitherto beheld, appear at present? with what indifference (hold I now look on the environs of Paris, its vaunted gardens, and the sameness of its ornaments? Henceforth I (hall despise their artificial mountains , rocks, and rivers. And had you travelled through Italy, added Doralice, you would have despised artificial ruins likewise. It seems to me, said Eglantine, that painters ought not to make landscapes, nor poets, pastorals, till they have first seen Italy and Switzerland. I am of your opinion, answered Doralice. Auteuil and Charenton may inspire pretty thoughts, but not tliofe sublime ideas which alone can insure immortality. Louis Bakhuifen, a famous Dutch painter * exposed his life a thousand times in tempests upon the sea, in order to (obfcve the agitation of the waves, the (hock, and wrecks of vessels upon rocks,. and the efforts and terror * e diedin 1709. , of of the di[lraeted mariners. The celebrated Rugendas a painter of battles, was present at the siege, bombardment, capture, and pillage of Augsburg, where he often braved death, that lie might confider at Jeifure the effects of balls and bombs, and all the horrors of an assault. He has been seen designing in the midit of carnage, and producing drawings executed with as.much care as if he had been at ease in his Ifudy. Vander Meulen - followed Louis XIV in all his wars, drew the plan of fortified towns and their environs upon the spot, with the various marches, encampments, halts, and (kirmifles of the army, that he might paint with truth and nature his historical pistures of'that prince. Such is the activity and courage which a noble cmula tion can give; but when the trifling praise of the moment is preferred to this true glory, there is little need of abilities or ioflrulion; to visit, intrigue, cabal, and form parties is far more necessary. There are many who print and writecoldly and unnaturally, consequently ill, who yet obtain the praise of a day, though indeed, such people generally do jullice to themfelvea in not pulling their ambition further. Eglantine now began to listen to her mother with 'unusual delight: formerly insensible to the charms' of conversation, her indolence and abfcece of mind prevented her from joining in it; butler misfortunes had produced an allonifhling revolution, her characer was abfolotely changed, (he refleeed, felt, and enjoyed an inexpressible fatisfafion at conversing with her mother. Eager to tnake some amends for the vexation he had.fotmerly.given her by being indolent, The acquired an industry which soon became habitual. Reading,. drawing, and uific, * He diedin i q42. Having for sone time los the use of his right hand by a hurt, be practised with his left, and iuceeded to perfiaion. See extrait des differens ouvrage, publics fur la vie des Peintres, par M. P. D. L F. This 'work is in two volume., and much.efteeind. j He diedat Paris in 169o. employed employed all her time; and study and work, far from being irksome, were her best amusements; delighted and surprised at her own progress, her daily improvement became her daily pleasure. As two people may live in affluence upon five hundred crowns (z251.) a year, (he did not even perceive the loss of fortune. Her house was commodious, her apartment clarming: (he could sit at her table and see the Lake and mountains , and (he found that profpea could well supply the loss of the insignificant Seine, and the noisy Boulevards. Her table fare was better than in her days of opulence; fruit, game, the delicious dairies of Switzerland, and the excellent fish of the Lake, left her nothing to wist. The neighbourhood of Morges and Lausanne likewise afforded that kind of society which is moult desirable. In this happy country, which luxury has not yet corrupted, the purest simplicity of manners reigns, ald the women are equally amiable, well informed and virtuous. Doralice and her daughter often went to Lausanne, where they made an acquaintance with a young widow, whose name was Isabella, and who added to all the charms of a thousand exterior attrafions a delicate, cultivated, and acute underfianding, a feeling heart, and all those quallities which are most. efimable, and moil engaging. She'became the friend of Doralice, and Eglantine vrited them often at Morges, and went with them in their little rambles round Geneva. Sometimes they would take long walks upon the banks of the Lake, at others they would affenble a. chosen number of their friends, and form. a concert, ora bal champetrc beneath foliage, decorated Wiith .garlands of natural flowers. Eglantine soon became, hy her accomplishments, her good-humour, and her talents, the chief ornament of those little feasts. She was no longer a pcrfe& beauty, but (he pleafeda thousand times more than when everybody admired the exact symmetry of her features, and the finnefs of her complexion; (he had Still a moult beautiful fhapc, and had acquired an elegance andl manner wliuh which befl can embellish a fine form. Her dress always had tafle, though not magnificence; she was seen on a first view without astonishment , but the more she was looked at the more she pleased. Her countenance was become expreflfve, and though (he had not those charms which attra& all eyes, she had those which fix them when attracted. Doralice remained eighteen months at Morges before (he could determine to leave it, and make the tour of Switzerland, which had always been part of her plan; but