the seeds of sensibility are to be found in mankind, and they become afterwards obdurate and cruel, without any particular vice either of head or heart, it is evident that this unfortunate person had been. corrupted by education.. In., fine, it is a comfortable reflecion for all Tutors, .that.all the bad qualities children. hew in their infancy, .may be of no bad consequence in future, because a good education may mend them. Whilst on the contrary, for the same reason, we may place firm dependance. on the yirues.. they prornife. LETTER. XX ..- Trom the.baron d'.'rlmane to the.vytfount. Limourrs. .. O U alk nme, my dear Viscount, how I shall proceed in order to give my son that true courage, which is so essential a quality in men, and above all in a soldier? Cuftoin familiarises one to the mot frightful and dangerous things. If the use of fire was unknown to us the first time we saw. it, to: what a degree should we be alarmed by its de itrntive qualities, when we found a single spark sufficient to destroy a whole town.! What precautions (iould we make use of to preserve ourselves in our houses, aud what terror would a firebrand falling on the floor, or a lighted candle on a table covered with papers, cause in us! we .feel.nothing of this, however, because custom has inured us to it; though we .are.n.ot. f indifferent about thipgs of of infinitely Icfs consequence. For example, the generality of women have an invincible aversion to spiders, toads, snakes, c. whilst the sight of these creatures make no kind of imprefiion on the mind of the most timid peasant, because they meet with such things continually. The country, where people are least afraid of thunder , is precisely that, where it does moult mischief. I remember, in going from Rome to Naples, I slept, in a Convent, on which the thunder falls regular ]y two or three times a year. That very night there was a dreadful storm, and I observed the Monks paid no more attention to it than if they had not heard it. I saw all the environs of Mount Vesuvius fttipped of their verdure, and covered with lava; frightful and memorable remains of this noft dreadful of plagues! Yet on this very lava, I saw a number of houses built, even at the foooof the mountain , and touching that formidable place, which carries death in its boomr. The owners of these lands trample under their feet the afhies of the unfortunate inhabitants of Pompeia. They have before their eyes the ruins of this buried city, and yet they are themselves much nearer to Vefi vius. After all these reflecions, I have endeavoured, asmuch as possible, to familiarise my chii dren to those things which create terror and disgust. In their infancy we accustomed them to look at, and even to touch spiders, frogs, and mice. It was only necessary to set them the example; they soon wished to have them, and to bring them up; and I have seen Adelaide weep at the death of her favourite frog, with as much grief as if she had lost the most delightful canary bird. When it has thundered , everybody near them has cried out, out, what a beautiful sight! looking at the clouds, and the lightning. And the children used to go, and sit at the windows, to contemplate this " beautiful and sublime sight; and ," were much pleased with it. ' Since I came hither, I have placed in a gallery, through which Adelaide and Theodore pafs, .a glafs cafe; in which is placeda a a keleton, and tome other anatomical preparations. But I did not let themfee this without preparing them for it. I thought it necessary to prevent their being terrified, as a bad impression is very difficult to destroy: this was the method I made use of; one day at dinner, I said aloud, that I had been putting in order the different pieces of anatomy, which had been sent to me from Paris. Monsieur d'aimeri (who had re ceived his instructions) immediately began telling us, that the study of anatomy was very interesting and curious; and added, that he had such a palrion for this science, that he had had for two years his " bedchamber entirely filled with " £keletons." The children inquired what they were, and after we had explained this to them, Adelaide said, a skeleton mult be a very frightful thing: "notmrore o than athoufand otherthings," replied miadame d'almane: " For instance, the "t china baboon you have in your closet; " we then dropped the subje't. After dinner I was asked to slew my glals cafe; we went into the gallery, and the children came of their own accord, and neither showed surprise nor disgust at feeing the skeleton: and from this time they have continually pared through the gallery, without even imagining it possible to be afraid of a ikeleton. I frequently tell them flo'ies of travellers, lers, for which children have a particular liking; and I give them the most superb description of tempests , in order to excite their curiosity, more than their fears. I add, that even fhlpwrecks are not truly dangerous to those who can swim. And Iheodore says, he will learn to swim, and that he shall be very sorry, when he takes a voyage, not to see a termpeft, It is impofflible to conceal from children the dangers which surround. mankind, in every action of their lives. Falsehood can never be of any use; for if your pupil once discovers, that you have concealed the truth from him, you lose his confidence 'forever. I would have my son know, that he may be drowned in the. sea, killed in battle, cc. But I would not have him look upon danger with the exaggeration which fear, and an afloniihed apprehension give it: when one does not see the danger greater than it really is,