chaos, bid the " harmonious universe appear !' " Confusion heard his voice, and wild uproar " Stood ruled, stood vast infinitude consfn'd. imil tonne. "At thy word the pillars of the kiy were framed, " and its beauteous arches reared; thy breath kin" " the stars; adorned the moon with filverray.s, " and gave the fun its flaming splendour. "Thy glory in her filentcourfe the moon, " And nightly lamps in their obscure sojourn, ' T" he morning ftar with its bright circlet crowned, "And early blushes of the day reveal ' The circling fun thy greatness manifseft - " Whether afmending from the eastern .wave, ' With glancing smiles he cheers the dewy fields; " Or mounted to the zenith's lofty height, -;. - He blazes with transcendent glory round " Or down the fteep of heaven he rolls amain, " And ends his flaming progress in the sea; - " From eat' to west thy grandeur he proclaims, " And through' his radiant kingdoms spreads thy praise. b.b 3 "Thou didst prepare for the waters their capa' ' bed, and set bounds to the raging billows : " bv thee the hills were crowned'with Flenta, and the valleys dressed in theirflowery pride; the fiim mer and winter, the shady nighf, and the bright " revolutions of the day, are thine; in all. the won'; '; effects of nature, we adore and confess thy " power. "' Thou rid'r upon the wild tempeftuoirs wind, '- And flying forms obey thy potent voice;.. " Sublime on clouds thy dark pavilion sat, " With Ihades and gloomy majesty involved; " Thy hands the pointed light ningp lance around, ' While peals of thunder thake the firmament;, "At thy approach the kindling forests smoke, "And from their base the trembling mountains " "" The rivers ebb and slow at thy command, " Observe their wonted course, or run reverse; At thy rebuke the frighted waves divide, " And with stupendous motion backward roll "Their cryfral volumes to theii inmoit spring. " Thou all things canst, thy mighty mandate heard, " Necefity and nature are no more: - " Th' obedient elements resin their league, '- And wonderful effets attest the God." These, my dear. friend, are the entertainments' that brighten my folitudei and free my soul from its former engagements: those fading graces, on which I once doted, vanish before a superior excellence, as stars before' the riling fun i instead of repining, 1i adore, 1 justify the great dispensing Power, .that has removed the darling of my affcaions to fix them on immortal beauty, I have lost nothing amiable or.at traaive, but what is found with divine advantage in the fair origi!al'. I know you willcongratulate me on this lhapd change. It rcufl please you to find that your pipus instructions, joined to the fanaity of your example, have not been entirely lost on, Reverend Sir, : Your most obedient humble servant, L E T T E R X ii. To the fame..... 1r, i Have obeyed your commands, in sending the in closed. You will not require an apology, for nn e l!y onnthis transporting fibttjc. .oy and gratitude will fpcal;, however disproportioned the ex prllnions. - On our S AVI o R 's Nativity. t/!c'toriousi; Love! how uncontrolled thy power f V How great thv.triumph, on that glorious heor ' The high raised thronea.above lolk'd down to see The vanquished God a captive led by thee. Hia splendour in mortality difgui3'd, The principalities of heaven surprise' Th' indulgent skies fmii'd on the happy birhh, While peace and joyful wonder hushed the earth. Fly rigid winter, with thy horrid face, And let the soft and lovely spring take place; Oh! come, thou fairest fiafon of the year, With garlan is decked, and verdant robes appear; t once produce the Summer's various cost, Whatever f£eets her flowery stores can boast: Full canisters of Sharon roses spread, And dress with art th' illustrious infant's bed; rifl the gardens, search the painted fields, For all the blooming glories nature yields. But, 0 ye prodults of the earth I how poor, To heavens enamelled plains, are all your store! Perpetual greens, and never fading fl1ow'rs, Enrich with soft perfumes th' immortal bowers; And. yet he left the bright ethereal seats. For these cold regions, and obscure retreats. Be httfh'd, ye vwinds, no ahgry tempests rove; But fink in gentle wvhifpers through the grove: With all Arabia load your balmy wings, And breathe the fragrance of ten thousand springs. Begin, ye sweet rfuficians of the air! Let nature all her soothing sounds prepare; Let tuneful Art her tuneful measures bring, Iach melting tone, and every warbling'ftiing; Letpfalt'ries, harps, and the loud cymbal ring: Let the fli ill trumpets raise their fprightlyvoice, While Carmel, and high Lebanon rejoice. He comes, 0 Jacob, thy long promised king! Celestial envoys the glad tidings bring: Over earth's wide compass to the distant main, With truth, and perfect justice, he shall reign, The sparkling flies stall tarnish and decay, The fun be quenchl'd, the stars shall fade away; But he.fball rise with a propitious.light, Stand at high noon, and thine divinely bright. 1 shall now leave you to your own sublimer con templation on this.unbounded theme, and subscribe myself , Sir, Your most obedient humble servant A ' mitntor. .LET E R XIII. To a gentleman in Franco, fromn hsrjpetfr; giving him a relation or her lover'. mijfortunes. My dear brother, S my palion for.valerius had in Its'beginning 1 X your approbation, you will not blame my constancy at a juncure wlen thie unhappy'youth has no other consolation." Hi' misfortunes have broulght those virtues into view, which in: the height of prosperity he never found occasion to exert;. and as his merit riles, you will not reproach me, in finding my attachment to him more steady and resolved than in the splendour of his fortune. You know how much my father piqueshimfelf on his quality,. and how averse he was, when