our grateful homage join; Beneath his throne, where listening angels ifand, With raptured seraphs wait his least command. C liffrd Farm, 1776. To HON oria, on 'her JOURNEY to Dover, 1777. FANCY, for once, her airy wing fball spread, And firetch her pinions. or the verdant mead; But not to ting of fierce, or hostile ranks, Or heroes conquering on the Ganges' banks; Nor frozen Danube, nor the Tiber's fiream, But happy Dover, is my gentler theme. With good Honoria would I trace the scene, The flowery lawns, the grots of evergreen; The lofty elms, and all the blooming pride, Where Dover's filv'ry winding waters glide; Pleased with the bounties that kind nature pours Profusely down from her exhaufllefs fores: But yet I feel my feeble pinions droop, Nor dare I trust the silken wing of hope; Lest when exalted in my brittle car, To sail aloft as phacton in air, I meet the fate of that presumptuous youth, Whose mad ambition taught one solemn truth And bade dull genius tread his dellin'd sphere, Nor scorch his wings by venturing too near, The sacred mount, devoted to the muie, And thus disgusted, all the nine refure, To dicate numbers that may flow with ease, And most I fail, when mos I wilh to please. Will the soft mantle of a gentle friend, Then cover all that truth cannot commend t Yet this, perhaps, might frustrate my design, She, in oblivion, might enwrap each line; For For every portrait that my pen can paint, To her descriptive eloquence is faint; As while betide the winding fiream she roves, And views the profpeets from .he pleating grovest She lifts her heart to celebrate the hand, That scatters blessings over this happy land; This land of plenty, this delicious vine, By heaven marked out for some augurs design. Truth's sacred banners may be here unfurled, And genius spread her graces over the world; Here other Boyles or Newtons yet may rise, And trace the wonders of the western skies; More than one w p may adorn the seat, Of bright.apollo's favourite retreat; When Harvard's Ions may spread the arts refined, Diffusing knowledge over the human mind; While every flar its kindly influence lends, 'Till Harvard's same throughout the world extends. Then smiling Ceres, placid and serene, Shall unmolested her ripe vintage glean; Sweet harmony erect her graceful head, And happy peasants tread the cheerful glade. Events roll over, and on the wing of time, Disclose new wonders fyfiems more sublime ; Yet rapid thought anticipates the scene, Sees empire rilingwith majestic mein; When peace again shall glad Columbia's Thore, And conquering heroes freedom Shall restore; When troops no more are cantoned round the plain, Nor via'ries won, nor routed armies slain; When fre/h blown laurels spring from Warren's grave, Freedom to dress, and decorate the brave, T For ~.sx5' For whom kind fortune wreathes the crown of fame, And (amps th' initials of her favourite name; When Washington, .conspicuous over the rest, By heroes, patriots, and by foes caressed, May quit the field, and court the rural scene; There with his friend, tie good and valiant Greene, With conscious worth each vitory review, And fill Columbia's happiness pursue. Yet both mufd weep the cold Canadian plain, .Where a Montgom'ry, and a Wolfe vere lain. How have I left fair Dover's rippling fiream, To gurgle on, and touched a bolder theme I Forgive my wandering from the beauteous groves, Where warbling fongfrers chant their vernal loves. Vast crowded scenes, have nifh'd upon the mind, And led me far from what I first designed. '11 check the fallies.of my rambling inute, If candour these excursions will excuse Or if my friend, the good Helvidius, deign, To hark a moment to the pu'rile irain; If from the wonders of the vast expanse, Where viewing long the planetary dance, He from the farry region will defeend, Anld gently chide the follies a friend; I'll mark the censure as a prooffincere, Of generous friendinip, and the frown revere; Though it enjoins long silence on my pen, lthe mandate I'll obey nor write again. LINES, L. - I' N ' E S, Iritten after a vegjyfevere temxest, u; bi,, b: dearcd up cx remelney pilafjnr. VW ien rolling thunders shake the fkiesa And lightnings fly from pole to pole; When threatening whirlwinds rend the air, What terrors seize th' affrighted soul l Aghast and pale V ith thrilling fear, He trembling sands in wild amaze;. Nor knows for shelter where to hide, To screen him from the livid blaze. Happy the calm and tranquil breast, That with a steady equal mind, Can view those flying shafts of death, With heart and will at once refign'd 1- 4- Oh I thou Supreme Eternal'king, At whose command the tempefis rage, With equal ease can worlds destroy,. Or with a word, the storm assuage. And though impetuous tempests roar, And penetrating flames surround, Thou bid'ft them ceafe the thunder's hushed, And ref and silence reign profound. Thus have we feenrthy power and might, - Adoring, we thy works iurvey; 'Tis thous direft'fl the pointed flame, And thus thy goodness dofl display. Thou Thou hast composed the rapid winds, And lulled to'teft the foaming wave g The clouds disperse, each twinkling flar, Proclaims. aloud thy power to save. The fiver moon, 'the'loribus orbs, That swim aloft in boundless space, Their rays rcfplendent'all initef To celebrate at once thy praise. To a YOUNG GC NTLEIMAN, residing in FRANCE. T HE new year opens the early morning dawns,, Broad sheets of fiver dress the whitened lawns; Bleak winter rises from the brindled north, The tempest flakes, and furious blafs pour forth. From nature's dawn, to nature's latest lour, Each spangled leaf bespeaks creative power; The vernal dew drops, or autumnal breath, That wraps the foliage in the arms of death; The yews the cypress, or the blooming rose, India's long fiummer, or the Lapland snows, Alike proclaim, what sceptic fools deny, ''he foul's filpport a providential