he viewed with pleasure the verdant covering of the valley; he gazed with delight on the lofty rock, whose deep caverns seemed to offer a delightful seclusion, and whose iummit Ihone with dewdrops, more brilliant than the brightest gems which lie buried in the hard bosom of the earth, and bid defiance to the glittering produce, dug with so much toil from the bowels of Golconda. Such were. the contemplations of Calas, as he climbed alone up the rugged fide of the mountain : when he had reached the top, he gazed with wonder and astonishment on the vast trace of country which lay spread before him; on one fide, long uninhabited plains and sandy de G 3 ferts, ( a16) ferts, whose desolate appearance would have thrown a gloomy and uninteresting air over the scene, had they not been bounded by lofty mountains , whose hoary tops seemed to pierce the yielding clouds, and look down with scorn on the inhabitants of the lower earth; whilz the cities of Cafwin and Hama dan gave a pleasing dciverfity to the serie. Calas felt his heart swell within him; while his eyes, filled with tears, wandered inuenfibly towards the north. The cottage on the hills of Schirvan engrossed his imagination ; the Genius of the valley of Moran, and his adored souri, forcibly struck upon his thoughts; whilst the moon, gently rising from behind ( i7) bind the mountains , adding to the gloomy grandeur of the scene, contributed to inspire his mind with sublime and melancholy ideas. ," Ah!" cried he, '( how small a space does the peaceful, the lowly cottage " of. Azamaor and his spa occupy on the " vans globe which we inhabit! And ' yqt that infall, that humble spot, is "the utmost boundary of the wishes of "' las. Happy is the peasant, whom ", Allah has bleffe4 with a frame fit for "labour, and a heart contented with .' his lot! he fears not the envy of "mankind; he can look with calmncfs "con the rulers of the world; his soul. " knoweth not the fiigs of disappointed '. ambition; hie little field is to him a. , * G 4 Lking ( 128) "kingdom; he enjoys sweet sleep, the "fruit of honest toil; and when Azrael "'hall call for him, the same earth "which his hands have cultivated, fhait "serve as a cover for his bones: even as over ripened corn falleth where it "' grows; To he, when his hair is whiten. ed by the hand of time, and succeeding years shall have. scattered wrinkles on his brow, shall drop into ' decay, even on the spot where he grew " and flourished. Few friends will la" " his death; for few are theffriends "of poverty. The low roofed cottage ' is seldom the abode of the flatterer ' and deceiver: no, plain sincerity, "and guileleft honelly, are its inhabitants; and with such be the dwelling ' of Calas! But, alas! far other scenes "is ( 129) "' is he doomed to visit! The royal pat", ", the stately meydan, the gilded ", apartments of the great and affluent, " must he seek; far from the prote&t. C ing influence of his guardian Genius , "from the smile of his beloved houri. ' But alas, Calas! whither art thou "wandering? Why wilt thou yield to "the vain delusions of a transient vision, the short-lived phantom of a "moment?" Wrapped in meditation, his ears scarce caught the warning hisses of a poisonous serpent, which had twisted its transparent body in the branches of a tree, against which he leaned; when, suddenly seizing an opportunity, it darted from its concealment, and fixed its rank G $ ling ( 13) lng tooth in the arm of the unfufpeting Palas. Surprise end anguish for a moment deprived him of recouletion; but presently recovering him£elf, be drew his fabre, and plunging it into the mon. fier's throat, it fell dead from the tree. Calas, fainting with pain and loss of blood, funkc lifeleif on the ground. CHAP CHAPTER VII WVHAT was the diftraaion of Al zamor, when the dawn returned, without restoring to him his beloved Calas" *" !" cried he, " the savage beasts of the mountains have dec voured him! The distant howling " of wolves came wafting on the " breeze: it whispered the murder of ( Calas. O ye. dcftroyers! have ye " not scattered his limbs in the valley 2 " have ye not moiltened the verdant "carpet with his blood? Why do ye "not hasten to the deftrution of Al G 6 "zamor? ( 132) zamor? go," continued he, turning to the rabdars, " go, seek ye the "scattered remains of Calas: let them "not be exposed to the burning force " of tlhe sunbeam; let them not be" " X prey to the rapacious vulture." The Chief of the rabdars, touched by the grief in which he saw the venerable Alzamor overwhelmed, addressed him as follows: "If my lord will listen to the remonstrance of one who doubteth not " to pour the balsam of consolation into his bosom; if he will deign to " lend a patient ear to the counsel of "his servant, he will not susser his "mind to bow beneath the vain fug "gclions ( 133) " geftions of causeless terror : he will t" not yield it a prey to uncertain fears. "Even now the youth whom thou la "mentefc may be gazing with delight ' on the wild cliffs of the mountain . "May he not, led by the beauty of "the scene, be exploring the deep ' glens of the valley? May not the " angel of repose have shed his dusky C wings over his eyelids? and may he " not be enjoying, in the arms of sleep, "a pleating oblivion to the toils of the "preceding day? Suffer us then, " my lord, who live but as the slaves "of thy pleasure, to range the moun "tainand