with uncommon avidity she enjoyed, even amid the heavy gloom of an impending storm, the great and magnificent spectacle afforded by the sea. By reminding her of her early pleafires at Mowbray Cattle, it brought back a thousand half obliterated VOL. III L and and agreeable, though' melancholy images, to her mind; while its grandeur gratified her taste for the sublime . As fie was indulging these contemplations, the wind suddenly blew with aftonifl ing violence; and before Mrs. Stafford arose, the sea was become so tempestuous and impraeticable, that eagerly as she wished to return to her children, le could not think of braving it. Godolphin had seen Emmeline wandering along the cliff, and had resolutely denied himself the pleasure of joining her; for from what had passed the evening before, he began to doubt his own power to forbear speaking to her of the subjea that filled his heart. They now met at breakfaff; and Emmoe line was charmed with her walk, though' she had been driven from it by the turbulence of the weather, which by this time had arisen to an hurricane. When their breakfast ended, Mrs. Stafford followed Lady Adclina, who wanted to consult her on something that related to the little boy; Godolphin went out out to give some orders; and Emmeline retired to a bow window which looked towards the sea. Could she have diverted her mind of it's apprehensions, that what formed for her a magnificent and sublime 'scene brought Shipwreck and defrrustion to many others, she would have been highly pleased with a sight of the ocean in it's present tremendous slate. Lost in contemplating the awful spetacle, file did not see or hear Godolphin; who imagining she had left the room with his sister, had returned, and with his arms crossed, and his eyes fixed on her face, flood on the other fide of the window like a statue. The gust grew more vehement, and deafened her with it's fury; while the mountainous waves it had raised, burst thundering against the rocks and seemed to shake their very foundation. Emmeline, at the picture her imagination drew of their united powers of desolation, ihud dead involuntarily and sighed. La "What "What diflurbs Miss Mowbray ?" said Godolphin. Emmeline, unwilling to acknowledge that she had been io extremely absent as not to know he was in the room, answered, without expressing her surprise to see him there -- " I was thinking how fatal this " form which we are contemplating, may " be to the fortunes and probably the lives of rhoufands." " The gale," returned Godolphin, " is " heavy, but by no means of such fatal " power as you apprehend. I have been "at sea in several infinitely more violent, " and hfall probably be in many others." 'I hope not," answered Emmeline, without knowing what fle said' Surely " you do nor mean it? * A professional man," said he, smiling, and sla.tered by the eagerneis with which she spoke, " has, you know, no will of "' his own. I certainly should not seek st danger; but it is not pofible in such ' service as ours to avoid it." Why then do you not quit it ?" , If "If I intended to give you a high idea of my prudence, I should say, because I am a younger brother. But to speak " honelily, that is not my only motive; ( my fortune, limitied as it is, is enough "for all my wishes, and will probably "' fusile for any 1 shall now ever form; " but a man of my age ought not surely 'i to waste in torpid idleness, or trifling "dissipation, time that may be ufefuliy " employed. Be ides, I love the profefiun to which 1 have been brought up, and, by engaging in which, 1 owe a life to "my country if ever it should be called " for." "God forbid it ever should !" said Emmeline, with quicknes; " for then," continued fle, hesitating and blushing, " what would poor Lady Adelina do? and what " would become of my dear little boy ?" Godolpliin, charmed yet pained by this artless expression of sensibility, and thrown almost off his guard by the idea of not being wholly indifferent to her, answert d mournfully" To them indeed, my life L 3 " may "' may be of some value; but to myself " it is of none. Ah, Miss Mowbray! it might have been worth preserving had " I -- But wherefore presume I to trouble " you on a subject so hopeless? I know "not what has tempted me to intrude " on your thoughts the incoherences of ' a mind ill at eaif. Pardon me and " susser not my folly to deprive me of the L happiness of being your friend, which is " all I will ever pretend to." He turned away, and hastened out of the room; leaving Emmeline in such ccn fusion that it was not 'till Mrs. Stafford came to call her to Lady Adelina's dress ing room, that ffe remembered where she was, and the necessity of recollecting her scattered thoughts. When they met t dinner, she could not encounter the eyes of Godolphin without the deepest blushes: Lady Adelina, given wholly up to the idea of their approaching separation, and Mrs. Stafford, occupied by uneasiness of her own, did not attend to the singularity of her manner. The The latter had never beheld such a tempest as was now raging; and she could not look towards the Tea, whose high and foaming billows were breaking so hear them, without shivering at the terrifying recollection, that in a very few hours her children, all fie held dear on earth, would be exposed to this capricious and furious element. Though' of the steadiest resolution in any trial that merely regarded herself, she was a coward when these dear objects of her fondness were