he at iength once more ventured to the mouth of the cave. Again he threw a sea full look around, but discerned no llhumani forlm. The soft moonbeam fiept upon the dewy landscape, and the solemn 'il'nefs cf midnight wrapped the world. ifc.ar heightened to the fugliives the fubiimi: iy of the hour. Ferdinand now led jlia forth, and they pas~ed silently along the ihelving foot of the rocks. They continued their way without farther interruption; and among the cliifs at some distance from the cave. discovered to their inexprefelble jpy, their horses, who having broken their fastenings, had ifrayed thither, and had now laid themiclves down to. reit. Ser dinand and Julia immediately mounted; and descending to the plains, took the road that lead to a fmnall seaport at some leagues distance, whence they could embark for Italy. They travelled for some hours through gloomy ( s05) gloomy forefss of beech and chestnut.. their way was only faintly illuminated by the moon, which shed a trembling lutl re through the dark foliage, and wvhich was seen but. at intervals, as the pasirng clouds yielded to isle power co her rays.. They reached at leingth the skirts of the forest. the gre dav, ' n now appeared, and the clhll i'lriin air bit ifhrcwdly. It was wiil inex prefible j .y that Julia obs: rved t e kindling atmnoilere; and toon arer the rays of the rifmng fun touching the toi: s of the mountains ,. whole fdecs. were, cr involved in da!lrk vapours. Her fears difilpated with the car ners. the fun now appearet amld clouds of inconceivable splendour; and unveiled a scene which in oticlr circum; - stances Julia. would. have contei lp'at with rapture. From the fide of ce i.il, - down which they were winding, a vale appeared, from vwhence arose wild and. lofty iloun tairswhofe itee. s.wre C oa. i E 5, l'h. ( io) with hanging woods, except where here and there a precipice projected its bold and rugged front. Here, a few half withered trees hung from the crevices of the rock, and gave a picturesque wildness to the objet'; there, clusters of half seen cottages, rising from among tufted groves, erbellified the green margin of a ftrean which meandered in the bottomn, and bore its waves to the blue and ditant main. The frethefs of morning breathed over the scene, and vivified each colour of the landlfcape. The bright dewdrops hung trembling from the branches of the trees, which at intervals overfila dowed the road; and the fprighiy music of the birds saluted the riling day. Not wvithftanding her anxiety, the scene diffused a sort complacency over the mind of Julia. About noon they reached the port, where Ferdinand was fortunate enough to obtain a small vessel; but the wind was ( 1o7) was unfavourable, and it was past midnight before it was possible for them to embark. When the dawn appeared, Julia returned to the deck; and viewed with a sigh of unaccountable regret, the receding coast of Sicily. But she observed with high admiration, the light gradually spreading through the atmosphere, darting a feeble ray over the surface of the waters, which rolled in solemn soundings upon the distant shores. Fiery beams now marked the clouds, and the east glowed with increasing radiance, till the fun rose at once above the waves, and illuminating them with a flood of splendour, diffused gaiety and gladness around. The bold concave of the heavens, uniting with the vast expanse of the ocean, formed a coup da'i, striking and sublime . The magnificence of the scenery inspired Julia with delight; and her heart dilating with high enthusiasm, the forgot the sorrows which had oppressed her. F 6 The ( los) The breeze wafted the Ship gently alonrg for some hours, when it gradually sunk into a calm. The glassy surface of the waters was not curled by the lightefi air, and the velfel floated heavily on the bosom of the deep. Sicily was yet in view, and the present delay agitated Julia with wild apprehension. Towards the close of day a light breeze sprang up, but it blew fi-om Italy, and a train of dark vapours emerged from the verge of the horizon, which gradually accumulating, the heavens became entirely overcalt. The evening shut in suddenly; the riiing wind, the heavy clouds that loaded the atmosphere, and the thunder which murmured afar off, terrified Julia, and threatened a violent storm. The tempest came on, and the captain vainly founded for anchorage: it was deep sea, and the vessel drove furiously before the wind. The darkness was interrupted only at intervals, by the broad expanse of vivid lightnings, which i9 T which quivered upon the waters, arnd disclosing the horrible gaspings of the waves, served to render the succeeding darkness more awful . The thuni der which burst in tremendous crafles. above, tie laud roar of the waves below, the noise of the sailors, and; the sudden cracks and groanings of the vessel, conspired to heighten the tremendous sublimity of the scene. Far on the rocky shores the surges found, The lashing whirlwinds cleave the vast profound; While high in air, amid the riling form, Driving the blast, sits Danger's blackening form. Julia lay fainting with terror and sickness in the cabin,, and Ferdinand though almost hopeless himself was endeavouring to support her, when a loud and dreadful crafn was heard from above. It seemed as if the whole venfl: had parted. The voices of the sailors now rose together, and all was confusion and uproar. Ferdinand ran. up to the deck, and ( IIO) and learned that part of the main mast, born away by the wind, had fallen upon the deck, whence it had rolled overboard. It was now part midnight, and the storm continued with unabated fury. For four hours the veitel had been driven before the blast; and the captain now declaring it was it impofible she could weather the tempest much longer, ordered