birds that inlhabited the cliffs. 'rom From this point the eye commanded an en; tyre vriew of those maj'effic and iublime Alps wahole af~peat fills the soul with emotions of indefecribable awe , and seems to lift it toi a northeast bler nature. The village - the chateau of Lal Luc appeared in the boraom of the mountains ,; a peacefl retreat from the flrms thatr gatheredl· on their tops. All the faculties of M. Verneuril wuere absorbed in admiration, - and he wbs for some time quite ~flient; a'1~tl legh, buriting into a rhaplody, he turned, and wouldi have addtreffed la lue, wthen he p~ereivedi him at a ·diitance leaning againfita ruffick, utn, · over which droop edin eatiflluurnc, .thep weepningr willow. As he approached · Lue quitted his position, and advanced to meet him, while M. Verneuil inquired upon whlat occalica the urn had been ere~ted.· La Lue, unable to anfrwer, pointed to it, and walked silently awvay, and M. Verneuit, approaching the urn, read the following infeription.. TO THE m·e1910ry OF CLARA' LA' LUC. THISS URN' JS ERECTED ON THE SPOT WHI!CII SHE lovedz. fn 'TESI]UNY OF THE AFFECTION OF A H usbantd. MI Verneuil ( 176) MI. tverneuil now comprehenided the whole, and, feeling for his friend, was hurt that he had noticed this monument of his grief. He rejoined La Lue, who was flandingp on the point of the eminence contemplating the landscape be 10w with an air more placid, and touched with the rweetners of piety and resignation. He. perceivedi that M. Verneuil was fomnewhat dir concerted, atnd he sought to remove his uneafiners. " You will confider it," said he, · " as a mnark '( of my esteem .that I have broughlt you to this " spot. It is never prophaned by the presence " of the unfeeling. They would deride the L faithfulness of an attachment which has to long, " fuirvived its obje£, and which, in their own "( breasts, would quickly have been lost amidit " the dillipation of general society. I have che" " in my heart the remembrance of a wol mans whole virtues claimed all my love : I[ "' have cherish ed it as a treafuire to which I could '" withdraw fromn temporary cares and vexations, dl in the certainty of finding a fioothing, though "i melancholy, comfort." La Luc patuled. Ml. Verneuil expressed the ijympathy he left, but he knew the faicrednefs of farrow, and soon rel: ipled into silence. L One " of the brighteii horpes of a future slate," refum. " ed La Luc, L is, that we shall meet again " those whom we have loved uponl earth. Andi '6 perhaps our happiness may be permitted to '< consist ( h77) ct confat very much in the society of'ourqfriends, ct purified fromt the frailties of mortality, with CC the finer affea ions more [weetly attuned, and a( with the faculties of mind infinitely more ece tc vated and enlarged. W; 1e shall then be ena al bled to comprehend fubjeas which are too vast ct for human conception; to comprehend, per C haps, the fubliminty of that Deityr who firs 'Lcalled us into being. theri=e views of futurity, ((my friend, elevate us above the evils of this w' orldl, and seem to commlum~cate to us a por " tion of the nature we contemplate." (( Call themn not the illufrons of a viilonary 1l brain,"t proceeded La Luc : " I truss in their tr reality. Of this I am certamn, that whether C they are i'lluflons or not,. a faith in them ought a1 to be, cherfhed for the comforrt it brngs to the 6( heart, and reverenced for the dignity it: imparts ct to the minld. Such feelinags make a happy '" and an imnportant part of our belief in a future L exiffeonce; they give energy to virtue, and fla L bility to principle(' (' [aid M. Verneuil, " is what I have of L ten felt, and what every ingenuous mind muff bl acknowledge." La Luc and ns. Verneuil continued in con, vrerfation till the fun had left the icene. The mountains , darkened by twilight, assumed a. sublimer afpeat, - while the tops of" fbme f th highest Alps were yet illuminlattd by the funl's H 3 rays( ( 8) rays, and formed a firiking contrail to the shadowy obscurity of the world below. As they de feended through the woods, and traversed the margin of the lake, the flillnefs and solemnity of the hour diffused a pensive iiweetnefs over their minds, and sunk them into f~lence. They found supper spread, as was usual,. in the hall, of which the windows opened upon a garden, where the flowers might be said to "·ield their fragrance in gratitude to the refreshing dews. The windows were emnbowered with eglantine and other sweet thrlubs, which hunlg inl wild luxuriance around, and formed a beautiful and simple decoration. Clara and Adeline loved to pals the evenings in this hall, whepre they had acquired the first rudiments of astronomy, and ]from which they had a wide view of the heavens. La Luc pointed out to them the planets and the fijxed fc~las, explained thleir laws, and from thence taking occasion to mingle moral with scientific; infiru~tion, would often ascend towards that great first cause, whose nature soars beyond the grasp of human comprehenflon. L No study," he would sometimes say, "t so L much enlarges the mind, or impresses it with "' so sublime an idea of the ]Deity,, as that of LC affrobomy. wchen the imagination launches " into the regions of space, and contemplates the ct innumerable worlds which are feattered through 6' it, we are lot in afl~onithment and awe . Thkis " globe ( 'i9) CC globe appears as, a maafs of atoms in the imn 'i menfity of the universe, and mann a mere ideca. tr Yet how wonderful ! that man, · whole frame (: is 10, diminutive in