stately monarchs, from the vulgar eye, but, on the contrary, has unfolded the recesses of his dwelling by opening ways, and building bridges, which the mountaineers believe none but himself could have confiruded, and by which he has certainly " deserved well of the country." nothin~gan be imagined more bold and daring than the road that leads through the valley of Schellinen to the mountain of St. Gothard; the difficulties appear almost insurmountable; sometimes the road seems so narrow between frightful precipices on each fide, that great blocks of granite are placed on the edges as safeguards to the passengers; and where the mountain forbids all possibility of passage, offering an impenetrable rampart by its vertical abruptness, the path juts: out from the fide supported by arches and pillars, which are built up from some salient points, of the mass beneath, and seems " a ridge of pendant rock over the vexed abyss." This This road, ' the breadth. of which differs according to the facility of confaruaion, is in some places from twelve to fifteen feet wide, and in others only ten, leaving in general space enough for loaded mules to pass each other; it is paved the greatest part of.the way with granite, and is compared, by Mr. Raymond, to a ribbon thrown negligently over the mountains . After winding for some time among these awful scenes, of which no painting can give an adequate description, and of which an imagination the modt pregnant in sublime horrors could form but a very imperfec idea, we came within the sound of these catarads of the R'eufs which announced our approach towards another operation of Satanic power, called the Devil's Bridge. We were more struck with the augu t drapery of this supernatural work, than with the work itself. It seemed less marvellous. than expecation had pi&ured it, and were perhaps the more disappointed, as we remembered that " the wondrous art pontifical," was a, part of architeture with which his infer nal majesty was perfectly well acquainted; and the rocks of the valley of Schellenen were certainly as solid foundations for bridge building as " the aggregated soil solid, or slimy," which was collected amidst the waste of chaos, and crowded - drove, drove " from each fide fhoaling towards the mouth of hell *." / On this spot we loitered for some time to contemplate the fltupendous and terrific scenery. The mountainous rocks lifted their heads abrupt, and appeared to fix the limits of our progress at this point, unless we could climb the mighty torrent which was ftr.uggiing impetuously for passage under our feet, after precipitating its afflicted waters with tremendous roar in successive cascades over the disjointed rocks, and filling the atmosphere with its foam. Separating ourselves with reluctance from these objects of overwhelming greatness, we turned an angle of the mountain at the end of the bridge, andfpro ceeded along a way of difficult ascent, which led to a rock that seemed inflexibly to bar our passage. A bridge fastened to this rock by ironwork, and suspended over the torrent, was formerly the only means ofpaffing, but numerous accidents led the government to seek another outlet. The rock being too high to climb, and too weighty to remove, the engineer took the middle way, and bored a hole in the solid mass two hundred feet long, and about ten or twelve feet broad and high, * Paradise Lost, Book X through through which he'carried the road. The enmrance i nto this subterraneous passage is almost dark, and the little light that penetrates through a crevice in the i'ock, serves only to make its obscurity more visible. Filled with powerful images of the terrible and sublime , from the enormous objects which I had been contemplating for. ome hours past, objects, the forms of which were new to my imagination , it was not without a feeling of re lu&ance that I plunged into this scene of night, whose thick gloom heightened every sensation of terror . After paling through this cavern, the view which suddenly unfolded itfelf appeared rather a gay illusion of the fancy than real nature. No magical wand was ever fabled to shift more instantaneously the scene, or call up forms of more trik ing contrast to those on which we had gazed. On the other fide of the cavern we seemed amidst the chaos or the overthrow of nature; on this we beheld her dressed in all the loveliness of infancy or renovation, with every charm of infancy or renovation, with every charm of soft and tranquil beauty. The rugged and stony interstices between the . mountain and the road were here changed. into smooth and verdant paths; the abrupt precipice and fhagged rock were metamorphosed morphofed into gently sloping declivities; the barren and monotonous desert was transformed into a fertile and fmniling plain. The long resounding catara&, tlruggling through the huge masses of granite, here became a calm and limpid current,,. gliding over fine beds of sand with gentle murmurs, as if relutant to leave that enchanting abode. Near the middle of this delicious, valley, called the Vale of Urferen, is the village of in der malt, which appeared to have been lately built : behind it was a smalt forest of pine trees, which are preserved with so much. care as a rampart against the ava. lanches, that the sacred wood was not held more inviolate; and we were told, that the profanation of the axe on this palladiuwm would be followed with the death of the sacrilegious offender. One of my fellow-travellers observed, that this valley, which is three miles in length, and two in breadth, had, accord. ing to every appearance, been originally a lake; for which he adduced many mineralogical reasons; and that the drying up of the lake was occasioned by some violent fra&ion at the bottom of the valley, which drained the water off from the land, leaving it in its present form. Every part of the valley bore