the purposes of guilt, have worn only the hypocritical mark of pretended respect; Friendship 1 Am on gst republican Frenchmen, thy power shall be acknowledged, and thy altars revered! However well Robespierre performed thehypocrite, he hadn otsufficient address to preserve the character; for humanity, and misfortune, and glory, and friendship, enlightening and consoling the world, andall the mockery and show of thee festival festival, with all the hopes and bxpecta tions of the miserable prisoners, vanished into thin air the festival, as has been related, took place on the o20th of Prai rial on the 2 2d the law sori condenm nation in mass, without witness or dec fence, passed the convention; and the w ork of death went on with redoubled speed, Had the tyrants, who were thus successful in their usurpation, after crushing their immediate rivals, established a more humane system of government, of which they would have been the protectors, the world might still have remained ignorant, at least of the excess of their crimes, and might have attributed their severity to the perilous circumstances in which they ivere placed by the coalized powers without, and the intrigues of the royal and aristocratical party within. Ip this case none of those atrocious acts, .which the fallof Robespierre has unveiled, would have beent.known; and what is now avow the subjecct of general horror would have been regarded only as necessary evil. The historian, therefore, who should have taken public acts, or the papers relating the transactions of the day, as the basis of his information, would have deceived himself and posterity : and even now it will require the reflection of many revolving seasons, and more extensive knowledge than commonly falls to the lot of any individual, to transmit, with accuracy, and impartiality, the history of that extraordinary epocha, which furnishes a most awful and stupendous monument of all that is sublime and base; of all that is most virtuous and most vile; of all that can excite mankind to the daring and heroic act; and of all that can make man, with unutterable horror , fly from man as from a pestilence. Hle who would instruct the world in those events, must not only meditate upon them deeply, but must learn, from persons who have been the VOL. 11i. 0 actors actors in those memorable scenes, much that is yet unknown. The moment was now approaching, when humanity was to be avenged of its tyrants, for that long scene of multiplied crimes, of which what pen can make the recapitulation? " There are times," Voltaire observes, : 0ofhorrors, and ofmadness among mankind, as there are times of pestilence; and this contagion has made the tour of the world." ftrance has just seen one of those epochas, which are the astonishment , the terror , and the. shame of human nature; happily they are rare in any history; and in the course of. the ordinary calamities which are the scourge of civil society, those epochas may be considered as mortal maladies amidst that crowd of habitual infirmities which are inseparable from our organiza. .ion. * When we dare reflect," says the illtistrious advocate of humanity, : servan, ?: ' Member of theforrmer parliament o Grenoble. " on "on all that has j ut passed; and riepeat, with a sigh, I also am a man; we know not at which we ought most to blush, the crimes which human nature can. commit, or those which it can suffer, at 'the horrible wickedness of the few, or the stupid patience of the whole." We have seen what a wicked man would have blushed at foreseeing, and what a good man would have feared to imagine ; we have seen what those who have committed, would not have believed in the history of others; we have seen in one moment, and as it were by a thunder bolt, the whole of France become only one frightful chaos, or rather a vast conflagration; every principle consecrated .by necessity, in every place, ' at all periods, and in every heart, spurned at or annihilated; the overithrow of every custom, nay of prejudices and even habits. the almost total exchanre of property, which is more astonishiing than its ruin ; beggary, taking place of .0 2 wvci th, wealth, and wealth not daring to put itself into the place of beggary; in the midst of which, a band of villains, but a handful compared to' the whole nation, scattered throughout the republic; a people victorious without, and armed within, and this band of monsters, still greater in impudence than crimes, parading from city to city, from street to. street, from place to place, from. house to house, with robbery, pillage, famine, and assassination in their train, striking with the same poignard the, prudence which was silent, or the truth that hade the boldness to speak; pursuing the fearful man in his flight, after having murdered the intrepid citizen who scorned to fly. We have seen, indeed, the moment when. every man in France, who was not a decided villain,. could not, without risking death every hour of the day, either be silent, or speak out, either stay, or fly.; and this was suffered by Frenchmen, at the very.periodwhen they were. the conqueroxrs of the world.. It It was impossible that this state of extreme violence could be permanent; the first dawning hope of deliverance arose from the quarrels of the different factions; it was therefore, with a satisfaction, the cause of which the friends of liberty were cautious to dissemble, that they saw the party of the commune, of the war minister and of.danton, sent to the scaffold; for there seemed no reason why odher factions should not arise to displace, and also to bring to punishment, the immediate dominating tyrants. Though Danton was destroyed, his party "was still numeroius in the convention; and it was asserted, that had he appeared at the tribune when he was accused, andt denounced Robespierre, he would have sent his rival himself to