and came into Nantes, met with the same fate:. Pregnant women, who iwere under the protection of a special decree, were murdered; and more than six iendred children formerly excepted by the law, 'as being under: theage of fifteen, were drowned, notwithstanding the observation hazarded by the president of the tribunal, who answered by by the monster, " all, all, all, without exception, there can be no difficulty ln the case." Even these are but slight offencis compared to certain atrocities that are alleged against him; the tyrants of antiquity are quite " shorn of their beams; " the caprices of Caligula, Nero, and all that ancient history records of strange murders, is obscured in our remembrance by the cruelty of Carrier. Former tyrants and assassins compared to him, appear but moders; * and Caligula's famous * All that the fertile imagination of Mr. Burke conceived, when in the rage of prophecy, beheld up to view the future picture of France reeking with blood, and darkened with horrors , is but a. faint sketch of what has passed. But a man of Mr. Burke's general character for benevolence must probably feel more regret than exultation, when he reflects that the very prophecy produced its own completion; his book had a most extensive and fatal influence in the various courts of'europe: it fanned the flame of that general coalitior YOL. ll. J against famous exclamation respecting the people of Rome, is lost in the affliction of Car against the infant liberty of this country, wihich, as Mr. Sheridan observed of the Duke of Brunswick's manifesto, " maddened the brain of all France : " while vulgar and ferocious tyrants, taking advantage of this indignant frenzy, drove it to .Mara'ism, to what the French call sans culotterie, to all those wild excesses which stain its revo lut'onary annals and perhaps Mr. Burke's book contributed to lead that very queen whose fate ha deplored, when she wasastill seated on a throne, anid had only lost despotic influence, to the mattress of straw, which received the tears of that unfortunate sufferer in the dungeons of the Con cliergerie, and to the cart of the executioner in "which she was dragged to be rmurdered. It is remarkable enough that the Duke of Brunswick, who in his Furious manifesto so insulted the pride, and outraged the feelings of the French nation, had in the beginning of the revolution discovered dispositions little hostile to its cause, as appears in a paper written by Mr. Custine, the son of general Custine, in the prison of the Force, a few hours before he was put to death. This paper, which I shall transcribe, has been given to re by Madame Custine, his amiable and accomr p ishcd widow. See appendix, N. I. rier, .tier, when he regretted to his colleague Laignelot, who passed through Naune's in his way to Breast, the limits by which he was confined in the execution of na tionaljustice, having only the Loire for the extent of his operations; " Of what a happy fellow, will you be," he adds, " happier far than I am, you will have the sea for your expedition, and a fleet of ships at your command." This revolutionary or rather counterrevolutionary impulse was not confined. .to Nantes.: the country arotund wais subjected to the same horrors . Whole communes were extirpated, and the peaceable inhabitants of di ferents places whom the murderers had assembled together, and who had never taken arms or given encouragement to the rebels, were massacred without distinction. Women and children, magistrates dressed in their scarfs going out to meet and welcome the conventicnal troops, thousands of citizens under arrest, insurgents who had E 2 surrendered .surrendered themselves, peasants working in the fields, all fell alike the victims of this desolating fury. The scent of blood was become s( instinctive with these revolutionary missionaries in the Vendee, that though none of them could raise themselves to 'Carrier's sublimity of wickedness, there were many who, according to his own declaration, * practised very successfully as am.ateurs. of the various calamities; inflicted on this unhappy country, my imagination , melancholy as it is, could never furnish me with images strongt enough to paint the.horror, nor can any beneficial, effect be produced on the mind. by dwelling on evils, so terrible; * " Vous voyez L dit Carrfer," que cette declaration northeast s'applique pas A moi, nais A tous lea Reprmsentans du peuple dans la vendee" " see " says Carrier," that this declaration. Ss applicable not to me only, butto all the repre., sretatives of the people in the Vendee." since since I believe that the heart grows hard, that the feelings become deadened by the long contemplation of so wide a waste of ruin . As the wretch who is stretched under the hands of torturing executioners is said to feel pain but to a certainr point, except when some life string that has submitted only to the general compression becomes more poignantly affected by some partial application; so we hear ofnoyades, fusillades, mitraillades and guillotiirades, with the dullness of settled sorrow, unless when roused to, execration at some tale of particular and atrocious horror . But when the historian, whose faithful! pencil must trace the hideous features of this Vendean war in all their deformity,, shall describe scenes which I dare not. name, let no one, because he may consider such crimes as scarcely within the: verge of human possibility, doubt that; they have been committed; since the: .vents of the last five years, which have: E. 3 sometimes, sometimes led us into regions of hithertcr undiscovered beauty and sublimity , have also dragged our reluctant steps into dens ofundescribed and unknown, monsters, whose existence we had never tidle e.w b.elievcdo. tpx^th L E TTE R III ihe committee of public safety havr ing secured its permanence in the dicta' ' through the complaisance of the convention, which, with loud and lively I applauses, renewed its powers for the sake of form