dazzling Splendour (hine. And now above the .Reach of Fate, Beyond the narrow Verge of Time,) By his pleased Father's fide he sits sublime With him adored, encompassed round With numerous Crowds, who his due Praise resound: There, he for ever will his Merits plead, And with unwearied Kindness intercede, For such as here his just Commands obey, And at his Feet their darling Interests lay. 56./ While the Disciples with attentive Eyes Fixed their Regardson the resplendent Skies, And viewed those distant Trants of Light Which their dear Lord had left behind, Two glorious Forms appeared before their Sight, And with fresh Wonder filled each Mind: Beauteous they were as new created Day, And did resistless Charrm3 display: ]Aethereal Splendours compafs'd them around, And they with glittering Beams were crowned: With wondrous Grace, and a majestic Air, They They to th' astonished Lift'ners said, Why, O ye Galileans, stand ye gazing here, By too much Love betrayed To groundless Fear? He is not lost, for whom you mourn 3 You shall once more see him return: From Heaven he (hall descend again Attended by a pompous Train: Myriads of Angels, than the Sun more bright, Clad all in Robes of shining white, Shall on his radiant Chariot wait, Resounding Trumpets (hall proclaim his comin, ( State While bending Clouds their glorious Weight dif ( close And show th' avenging God t6 his despairing Foes 57- That God whom they did once despise, Shall then become the Terror of their Eyes: With swiftest Haste they'll his dread Presence shun And to dark Caves, and closest Caverns run : With deafening Clamours to the Hills they'll call, And with the Mountains on their Heads wot'd fall Beneath the mighty Ruins they would hide, Or in unfathomable Depths abide: As They with Horror , so the Good with Joy, Shall on the bright Appearance gaze, And meet their God with cheerful Songs of Praise He comes! he comes'! exultingly theylt sing, He comes the wicked to destroy. Those long since dead, and those that yet remail He dooms! he dooms! ito everlasting Pain : Bi But from each Land his f!ff'ring Saints will bring: From their long Sleep his injured Servants wake 5 They (hall a Part of the resplendent Tritmph (make: In pure, immortal Bodies they shall rise, And mount, all glorious .mount the Skies: Where free from Sin, from Pain, from Fear, They shall the welcom Enige hear 5 Well done, well done, [hall their pleased Saviour Lay 5 Come, and receive a Recompense from me 5 You've been my Foll'wers in the rugged Way, And now [hall taste of my Felicity. Go, these important Truths make known 5 His Refurretion joyfully declare 5 Not to the Jews alone 5 Let the whole World in the glad Tidings share. They said 5 and as a transient Flash of Light, With Swiftness glances on spe&ators Sight, And in a moment mingles with the Air, And loses all its Splendour there 5 Such was the quick Appearance, such the quick (Remove, Of those bright Forms, those Ministers of Love. 58. Replete with Joy, by flaming Ardour swayed, The pleased Disciples their loved Lord obeyed : With pr6fp'rous Haste his holy Faith they spread, And in his Name restore the Sick, and raised the (Dead 4 That awful Name from which the trembling Devils (fled! Th' opposing World they for his sake defied, _ For. For him they lived, and in his Service died. Thrice blessed are you who still obey his Voice, And make this dangerous Proof of Zeal your Choice Who, by a Love for your dear Lord inspired, And by diffusive Goodness fired, Cross Seas unknown, through' pathless Deserts go, And no Concern for your own Safety show 5 Intrepid, and untired, no Toils decline That may advance your great Design : Contemning Dangers, still pursue your Way, And far as the remotest Bounds of Day, The glorious Ensign of your Suffering God difpla] 59. Let Israel, that distinguished Race, Those Darlings of Almighty Love, Whom Heaven has blessed with his peculiar Grac To their great benefa&tor thankful prove : To him, who in their infant State, When they, exposed and helpless, lay, To every threatening Ill a Prey: Obnoxious to the Storms of Fate, And their insulting Neighbours Hate, Kept them from all approaching Harms Secure, in his all powerful Arms: And who in their mature Estate, When they Egyptian Fetters wore, And cruel Pressures bore, Then, even themn their Good designed, Midst all their Straights his Kindndfs fhin'd. And when resolve to set them free By Methods all divine, He brought about his great Design, And let the haughty Tyrant see, That while he multiplied their Pains, And faster strove to tie their Chains, He but his own Destruction wrought, nd on his Land a speedy Ruin brought. 60. The favourite People safe renfain'd, While Plagues among his Subjeas reigned Such Plagues as with amazing Haste Laid all his fruitful Country waste : His fertile. Nile with Blood made slow, lhe fanguin Mischief through' its Channels spread 5 vvhile from th' infedious Stench the poifon'd Fish ( fled, And on the putrid Mud in noifom Heaps lay dead; The Crocodiles their watery Haunts forsake, And to the Land for Shelter go 5 Where, all defiled with Gore, they wall'wing lie, nd stretched at length, the bulky Monsters die : [he wretched Natives of these Ills partake 5 Quite parched with Thirst, they all the Land furvey'd, [hro' every Field, and every Desert ftray'd; With wishing Eyes they fearch'd around, Tut wholesome Streams they nowhere found : n this Distress, upon their Gods they call; 3efore their Shrines the fainting Suppliants fall: ?hey to their Ifjs, and Osiris cried, ut all in vain 5 their Wants were not f(pply'd. 6 r. Frogs s61. Frogs in vast Numbers from the Rivers came, And with loud Crokings their Ascent proclaim: With hideous Clamours they the Land invade, The Temples filled, and in