light of thy countenance for ever, unutterable woe! there is no hell beyond it. Separation from God is thi depth of misery : Blackness of darkness and eternal night must necessarily involve a soul excluded from thy presence. What life, what joy, what hope is to be found where thou art not? I want words to paint my thoughts of that dismal tate. Oh i! let me never be reserve for the dreadful experience rather let loose thy wrath, and ina, noment ireduce me into niothing;. epart.. * - * ' '** :... Depart from thee! Oh whither .hold I go from thee? Into. utter darkness? That makes no additi.a at all to the wretch's misery that's ha nifh'd from thy face. After that ftear full doom, I should without conritraint seek out Shades as dark as hell, being most agreeable to my own despair, and in the horrors of eternal night bewail the infinite loss. THE remembrance of that lost happiness would render celestial day insufferable. The light of paradise could - not cheer me without thy favour : The songs of angels would but height;. en my anguish, and torment me with a scene of. bliss which I mufi never taste . The sight of thy favourites, and the glories of thy court, would but excite my envy, and fill me with mtad ners, while.i considered myself the .objet of thine eternal "indi"iationf: Nor could all the harmony of heaven allay the horror of that refle&tion. THE groans of the damned, aantthe, darkness of the in fernal caverns, would better. suit my grief There to thle - '; 4"., o " i wies of tormented gholts, and to the 'found of eternal tempests , I mig: ht jon my wild complaints, and lamexnt the loss 6f infinite bliss, and curse my wn folly: But all the plagues below, if I might speak my prerent thoughts, thould not extort a blafphemousoreflec tion on ithe divine attributes; for I inow I .leferve eternal misery, and even in hell I think I should confess thy juitice. Thy long experienced d lemency, I am sure, ought to silence .mny reproaches for ever, and to all : eternity leave the unblemished with : he imputation of cruelty. 'irut oh! what agonies would the rtmbrance of thy former favour iexciae? What exquisite remorse, : old' it.give me to recall those happy mcnenits' when thou didst bless my retired devotions with thy presence ( After I have relifh'd those divine en terrainmenhs, how : bitter would the dregs of thy wrath be? .Whbither Swoeikld thy frowns fink me, after I have, enjoyed The light of thy countenance. IF I mutt lose thy favour, oh i ldt -. me me forget what that word imports, and blot for ever from my remembrance the joys that a sense of thy love has excited : Let no traces of those sacred transports be left on my soul. BUT muff I depart from thee into everlasting fire? Double and dreadful curse! And yet unquenchable flames, and infernal chains ( if I can judge in this life of such awful futurities) would be less terrible than the fenie of those lost joys. That loss would endure no reflection; the deview would be for ever insufferable; the ages of eternity could not diminish the exquisite regret; still it would excite new and unutterable anguish, and rack me with y" infinite despair. BLESSED God, pity the soul whose extremneft horror is the doom of an eternal departure from thee. Draw my spirit into the holiefl and the nearest Union with thyself that is possible, while it dwells in this flesh; and let me here commence that delightful re. lidence and converse with God, which nor death, nor judgement shall ever H 3 deitroy defiroy, nor shall a long eternity ever put a period to it. XV The Glory of good in his Works of Creation, Providence and Redemption. MY being immediately flows from thee, and fibould I not praise my omnipotent maker? I received the lafl breath I drew from thee, thou dofl sustain my life this very moment, and the next depends entirely on thy plkafure. 'Tis the dignity of my nature to know, and my happiness to praise and adore my great original. But oh! thou supreme of all things, how art thou to be extolled my mortal man? I say to corruption, Thou art my father, and to the worms, ye are my brethren; my days are as a hand's breadth, and my life is nothing before thee; but thou art the same, and thy years never fail : From ever lafitng to everlasting thou art my God. ihe fineomprehenfible, the immutable divinity,. .t divinity. The language of paradise, and the firains ofceleftial eloquence, fall short of thy perfe&tions; the first born sons of light lose themselves in blissful astonishment in search of excellencies; even they with flent ecstasy adore thee, while thou a9 eil'd4l with ineffable splendour. The bright, the blessed divinity is knowt and comprehendea by himfelfalone. "Vho can conceive the extent of that power, which out of nothing brought materials for a rising world, and from a gloomy chaos bid the harmonious universe appear? Coufufion heard the voice, and wild uproar Stood ruled; floodvajl infinity confined. AT thy word the pillars of the flky were framed, and its beauteous arches raised : Thy breath kindled the liars, adorned the moon with silver' rays, and gave the fan its flaming splendour. thu didfi prepare for the waters their capacious bed, and by thy power set bounds to the raging billows : By thee the valleys were clothed in their flowery. pride, and the mountains crowned, with groves. In all the wonderful es seats of nature, we adore and confess thy power; thou uttereft thy voice in thunder , and dost scatter thy lightning abroad; thou rideft on the o wings of the wind, the mountains fmnoke, and the forrefts tremble at thy approach : the summer, and winter, the shady