one of his late pursuers whose shade he had seen. He returned, .therefore, to Julia, and remained near an hour hid in the deepest recess of the rock; when, no sound having interrupted the profound silence., of.., _ \ I'; * ( 104) oi the place, he at length once more ventured to the mouth of the cave. Again he threw a fearful look around, but discerned no human form. The soft moonbeam ilept upon the dewy landscape, and the solemn stillness of midnight wrapped the world. Fear heightened to the fugitives the sublimity of the hour. Ferdinand now led Julia forth, and they passed silently along the ihelving foot of the rocks. They continued their way without farther interruption; and among the cliffs at form distance from the cave, discovered to their inexpressible joy their horses, who having broken their fastenings, had strayed thither, and had now laid themselves down to rest. Ferdinand and Julia immediately mounted; and descending to the plains, took the road that led to a small seaport at some leagues distance, whence they could em. bark for Italy. They travelled for some hours through gloomy forests of beech and chestnut; and ( o05) and their way was only faintly illuminated by the moon, which shed a trembling lustre through the dark foliage, and which was seen but at intervals, as the passing clouds yielded to the power of her rays. They reached at length the ikirts of the forest. The grey dawn now appeared, and the chill morning air bit shrewdly. It was with inexpressible joy that Julia observed the kindling atmosphere; and soon after the rays of the rising fun touching the tops of the mountains , whose lides were yet in valved in dark vapours;, Her fears dissipated with the darkness, The fun now appeared amid clouds of inconceivable fpiendour; and unveiled a frene which in other circumffances Julia would have contemplated with rapture. From the fide of the hill, doxwn which they were winding, a vale appeared, from whence arole wild and lofty mountains , whose .sides were clothed! with F 5. hanging ( io) hanging woods, except where here and there a precipice projected its bold and rugged front. Here a few half withered trees hung from the crevices of the rock, and gave a picurefque wildness to the objea; there clusters of half seen cottages, riling from among tufted groves, embellished the green margin of a fiream which meandered in the bottom, and bore its waves to the blue and distant main. The freshness of morning breathed over the scene, and vivified each colour of the landscape. The bright dewdrops hung trembling from the branches of the trees, which at intervals overshadowed the road; and the sprightly music of the birds saluted the rising day. Not withfianding her anxiety, the scene diffused a soft complacency over the mild of Julia. About noon they reached the port, where Ferdinand was fortunate enough to obtain a small vessel; but the wind was ( 107) was unfavourable, and it was past mid. night before it was possible for them to embark. When the dawn appeared, Julia returned to the deck; and viewed with a sigh of unaccountable regret, the receding coast of Sicily. But she observed with high admiration, ' the light gradually spreading through the atmosphere, darting a feeble ray over the surface of the waters, which rolled in solemn soundings upon the distant ihores. Fiery beams now marked the clouds, and the east glowed with increasing radiance, till the fun rote at once above the waves, and illuminating them with a flood offplendour, diffused gaiety and gladness around The bold concave of the heavens, uniting with the vast expanse of the ocean, formed a coup d'jil; firiking and sublime . The magnificence of the scenery inspired Julia with delight; and her heart dilating with high enthusiasm, she forgot the sorrows which had oppressed her. The ( os) The breeze wasted the ship gently along for some hours, when it gradually sunk into a calm. The glassy surface of the waters was not curled by the lightest air, and the vessel floated heavily on the bosom of the deep. Sicily was yet in view, and the present delay agitated Julia with wild apprehension. Towards the close of day a light breeze sprang up, but it blew from Italy, and a train of dark vapours emerged from the verge of'the horizon, which gradually accumulating, the heavens became entirely overcast. The evening shut in suddenly: the rising wind, the heavy clouds that loaded the atmosphere, and the thunder which murmured afar off, terrified Julia, and threatened a violent flormn The tempest came on, and the captain vainly founded for anchorage: it was deep sea, and the vessel drove furiously before the wirind. • The darkness was interrupted only at intervals, by the broad expanse of vivid lightnings, which ( 109) which quivered upon the waters, and disclosing the horrible gafpings of the waves, served to render the succeeding darkness more awful . The thunder which burst in tremendous crashes above, the loud roar of the waves below, the noise of the sailors, and the sudden cracks and groanings of the vessel, conspired to heighten the tremendous sublimity of the scene. Far on the rocky ihores the surges found, The lasting whirlwinds cleave the vast profound; While high in air, amid the rising fiorm, Driving the blast, sits Danger's blackening form. Julia lay fainting with terror and iick ness in the cabin, and Ferdinand though almost hopeless himself was endeavouring to support her, when a loud and dreadful crash was heard from above. It seemed as if the whole vessel had parted. The voices of the sailors now rose together, and all was confusion and uproar. Ferdinand ran up to the deck, and ( 1i0) and learned that the main mast, bornt away by the wind, had fallen upon the deck, whence it had rolled overboard. It was now pass midnight, and the itorm continued with unabated fury. For