ye, that ye beat my people to pieces, and grind the faces of the poor? says the Lord of Hosts. A Comparison between the AFRICAN SLAVES in the WEST INDIES, and the CELTIC SLAVE, or SCALLAG, in some of the HEBRIDES. From Travels in the Western Hebrides, by the Rev. JOHN LANE BUCHANAN. [ Continued from page 125.] 1st. With regard to the respective conditions of their life in general, it is in neither case of their own choosing. The African is bereft of his freedom, and sold into slavery by fraud and violence. The Hebredian Slave is, indeed, neither trapanned into slavery by guile, nor compelled by physical compulsion; but he is drawn into it by a moral necessity equally invincible, by a train of circumstances which are beyond his power to control, and which leave him no option, but either to serve some master as a Scallag, or to protract a miserable existence for some time in the forest, and near the uninhabited sea shores, where he may pick up some shell fish, to perish at last, with his wife, perhaps, and little ones, with cold and hunger. 2dly. With regard to labor. The Negro generally works only from six o'clock in the morning to six in the evening; and out of that time he has two complete hours for rest and refreshment. The Scallag is at work from four o'clock in the morning to eight, nine, and sometimes ten at night. 3dly. With regard to respite from labor. The Negro is allowed two days in the week for himself -- so is the Scallag: but the precepts of Religion allow the Scallag only one of these days to labor for his own maintenance. 4thly. With regard to food. The Negro has a plentiful allowance of such common fare as is sufficient for his support; besides his little spot of land which he cultivates for himself on Saturday and Sunday, as well as in the evenings, after he has finished his master's work. The Scallag, when at hard labor for his master, is fed twice a day with water gruel, or brochan, as it is called; or kail, or coleworts, with the addition of a barley cake or potatoes; and all this without salt. But, for his family, and for himself on Sundays, or when he is unable to work through bodily indisposition, he has no other means of subsistence than what he can raise for himself, by the labor of one day out of seven, from a scanty portion of cold and moorish soil -- barley, potatoes, coleworts, and perhaps a milch cow, or a couple of ewes, for giving milk to his infants; though if often happens, that he is obliged to kill these household gods, as it were, to prevent his family from starving. At certain seasons he has fish in abundance, but this he is, for the most part, obliged to eat without bread, and often without salt. The Negro, if he be tolerably