into the kingdom. To say nothing of the great advantage we derive from being supplied from our own colonies with that for which the rest of Europe pays ready money, besides the employment of two hundred large vessels, and a proportionable number of seamen, which are occupied in this trade. From us the Virginians take every article for convenience or ornament which they use; their own manufacture does not deserve to be mentioned. The two colonies export about eighty thousand hogsheads of tobacco of eight hundred weight. They likewise trade largely with the West Indies in lumber, pitch, tar, corn, and provisions. They send home flax, hemp, iron, staves, and walnut and cedar plank. The number of white people in Virginia, is between sixty and seventy thousand; and they are growing every day more numerous, by the migration of the Irish, who not succeeding so well in Pensylvania, as the more frugal and industrious Germans, sell their lands in that province to the latter, and take up new ground in the remote counties in Virginia, Maryland, and North Carolina. These are chiefly presbyterians from the Northern part of Ireland, who in America are generally called Scotch Irish. In Virginia there are likewise settled a considerable number of French refugees; but much the larger part of the inhabitants are the negro slaves, who cannot be much fewer than a hundred thousand souls; they annually import into the two tobacco colonies between three and four thousand of these slaves. The negroes here do not stand in need of such vast recruits as the West India stock; they rather increase than diminish; a blessing derived from a more moderate labor, better food and a more healthy climate. The inhabitants of Virginia are a cheerful, hospitable, and many of them a genteel though somewhat vain and ostentatious people; they are for the greater part of the established church of England; nor until lately did they tolerate any other. Now they have some few meeting houses of presbyterians and quakers. CHAP. XVI. THIS of Virginia is the most ancient of our colonies. Though strictly speaking the first attempts to settle a colony were not made in Virginia, but in that part of North Carolina which immediately borders upon it. Sir Walter Raleigh, the most extraordinary genius of his own or perhaps any other time, a penetrating statesman, an accomplished courtier, a deep scholar, a fine writer, a great soldier, and one of the ablest seamen in the world; this vast genius, that pierced so far and ran through so many things, was of a fiery excentric kind, which led him into daring expeditions, and uncommon projects, which not being understood by a timid prince, and envied and hated by the rivals he had in so many ways of life, ruined him at last. In person he ran infinite risques in Guiana in search of gold mines; and when this country was first discovered, he looked through the work of an age, at one glance, and