so effectually intimidate a foreign enemy, and take away all hope of liberty from the negroes, would all the while be enriching their mother country, and paying a large interest for the sums she expended in their establishment. I am conscious that many objections will be made against the very proposal, and that many more would be started against any effectual scheme for increasing the number of white servants in the West Indies. They are represented, as of very little use, disorderly, idle, drunken, and fitter to pervert the negroes, than to be any assistance to them in their business. This I believe to be in general true; but this is no sort of objection to having them; though it is an excellent argument for putting them, their masters, and the whole colony under a better regulation. If we labor under great inconveniences from the want of a police at home, this want is infinitely more visible in the West Indies, where for the most part they all live without the least sense of religion, in a state of vice and debauchery, which is really deplorable to consider them as men and christians, and of a very bad aspect in a political light. If therefore it should be thought convenient by the wisdom of our government, at any time to enter into a scheme for peopling these countries fully and properly, it will be equally convenient at the same time to take such strict measures as may preserve them from vice and idleness; a thing far enough from impracticable. Whenever such regulations shall take place, they will in a good measure answer another end too, the preserving the health and lives of the people; a point which in all places every wise government will have very much at heart; but which is above all necessary in a colony, where the people are an inestimable treasure, and where the climate itself is sufficiently fatal. These observations principally regard Jamaica, the largest and best of our islands, where there are prodigious tracts of uncultivated land. As the rivers there are not navigable, and as sugar is a bulky commodity, which cannot afford to pay for a very long land carriage, the coasts, or only the land very near the coasts, can be turned to that commodity. But if poor people were sufficiently encouraged to settle in the inland parts, necessity would oblige them to raise cotton, cacao, coffee, ginger, aloes, allspice, the dying woods, and other things which require no vast labor, are not so burdensome in carriage, and which have all a sufficient demand at home to encourage people who do not look to great and sudden fortunes. And as we bring all these, especially the cotton, which is of great use in our manufactures, from abroad, we might encourage the raising more of it by some moderate premium. The same necessity too would oblige them to try experiments on cochineal, and various other things which we don't now think of,