Ireland would not refuse so good an offer out of a compliment to you, who in this instance paid them no compliment at all; and you cannot, for very good reasons, dispute with the Portuguese about it. If this has happened at home, the consequence must be infinitely worse abroad. But it is said that our failures abroad are only owing to this; that we have not ground enough conveniently situated to produce more sugar than satisfies the home demand. But this is far enough from the case. There is in several of the islands, but there is in Jamaica in particular, a great quantity of good land, and well enough situated too, if means were taken to bring it into culture, and a choice of markets to animate the planter in the cultivation; who certainly deserves every sort of encouragement, as he asks for nothing but to be put into such a condition, as may enable him to be of more service to his mother country." CHAP. X. IN the foregoing manner the West-Indian would state some part of what he conceives to be his grievances, and those I believe he would be earnest enough to have remedied. But there are other regulations, which a person not concerned in their affairs might think very proper too, but which the West-Indian would enter into with a much greater degree of phlegm. There are now allowed to be in our West Indies at least two hundred and thirty thousand negroe slaves; and it is allowed too, that upon the highest calculation the whites there, in all, do not amount to ninety thousand souls. This disproportion shows so clearly at the first glance how much the colonies are endangered, both from within and without; how much exposed to the assaults of a foreign enemy, and to the insurrection of their own slaves, (which latter circumstance in all our islands keeps the people in perpetual apprehensions) that it may be a just cause of surprise, that no measures whatsoever are taken to correct this dangerous irregularity. This disproportion between the freemen and negroes grows more visible every day. That enterprising spirit which the novelty of the object, and various concurrent causes had produced in the last century, has decayed very much. We have as many men indigent and unemployed at home as we had then; but they have not the same spirit and activity they had at that time. The disposition of the people in the West Indies concurs with that of our people at home, to increase and to perpetuate the evil of which I complain; for they choose to do every thing by negroes, which can possibly be done by them; and though they have laws and ordinances to oblige them to keep a certain number of white servants in some proportion to their blacks, in most places these laws are but a dead letter. They find it more easy to pay the penalty when seldom it is exacted, than to