many new mines as they do, to a degree which is astonishing. I own I have often been surprised, that our African traders should choose so contracted an object for their slave trade, which extends to little more than some part of the Gold coast, to Sierra Leone, and Gambia, and some other inconsiderable ports; by which they have depreciated their own commodities, and raised the price of slaves within these few years above thirty per cent. Nor is it to be wondered; as in the tract, in which they trade, they have many rivals; the people are grown too expert by the constant habit of European commerce; and the slaves in that part are in a good measure exhausted; whereas, if some of our vessels passed the Cape of Good Hope, and tried what might be done in Madagascar,or on those coasts which indeed the Portuguese claim, but do not, nor cannot hold, there is no doubt but that they would find the greater expense and length of time in passing the Cape, or the charge of licenses which might be procured from the East India company, amply compensated. Our African trade might then be considerably enlarged, our own manufactures extended, and our colonies supplied at an easier rate than they are at present, or are likely to be for the future, whilst we confine ourselves to two or three places, which we exhaust, and where we shall find the market dearer every day. The Portuguese from these settlements, and this extensive range, draw every year into Brazil between forty and fifty thousand slaves. On this trade all their other depends, and therefore they take great care to have it well supplied, for which purpose the situation of Brazil, nearer the coast of Africa than any other part of America, is very convenient; and it co-operates with the great advantages they derive from having colonies in both places. Hence it is principally, that Brazil is the richest, most flourishing, and most growing establishment in all America. Their export of sugar within forty years is grown much greater than it was, though anciently it made almost the whole of their exportable produce, and they were without rivals in the trade. It is finer in kind than what any of ours, the French, or Spanish sugar plantations send us. Their tobacco too is remarkably good, though not raised in so large a quantity as in our colonies. The Northern and Southern part of Brazil abounds in horned cattle; these are hunted for their hides, of which no less than twenty thousand are sent annually into Europe. The Portuguese were a considerable time possessed of their American empire, before they discovered the treasures of gold and diamonds, which have since made it so considerable. After the expulsion of the Dutch, the colony remained without much attention from the court of Portugal; until in 1685, a minister of great sagacity advised the then monarch to turn his thoughts to so valuable and considerable