the West Indies, and even for some parts of Europe. They may be considered in this respect as the Dutch of America. The commodities which the country yields are principally masts and yards, for which they contract largely with the royal navy; pitch, tar and turpentine; staves, lumber, boards, all sorts of provisions, beef, pork, butter and cheese, in large quantities; horses and live cattle; Indian corn and pease; cider, apples, hemp and flax. Their peltry trade is not very considerable. The have a very noble cod fishery upon their coast, which employs a vast number of their people; they are enabled by this to export annually above thirty-two thousand quintals of choice cod fish, to Spain, Italy, and the Mediterranean, and about nineteen thousand quintals of the refuse sort to the West Indies, as food for the negroes. The quantity of spirits, which they distill in Boston from the molasses they bring in from all parts of the West Indies, is as surprising as the cheap rare at which they vend it, which is under two shillings a gallon. With this they supply almost all the consumption of our colonies in North America, the Indian trade there, the vast demands of their own and the Newfoundland fishery, and in great measure those of the African trade; but they are more famous for the quantity and cheapness, than for the excellency of their rum. They are almost the only one of our colonies which have much of the woollen and linen manufactures. Of the former they have nearly as much as suffices for their own cloathings. It is a close and strong, but a coarse stubborn sort of cloth. A number of presbyterians from the North of Ireland, driven thence, as it is said, by the severity of their landlords, from an affinity in religious sentiments chose New England as their place of refuge. Those people brought with them their skill in the linen manufactures, and meeting very large encouragement, they exercised it to the great advantage of this colony. At present they make large quantities, and of a very good kind; their principal settlement is in a town, which in compliment to them is called Londonderry. Hats are made in New England which in a clandestine way find a good vent in all the other colonies. The setting up these manufactures has been in a great measure a matter necessary to them; for as they have not been properly encouraged in some staple commodity, by which they might communicate with their mother country, while they were cut off from all other resources, they must either have abandoned the country, or have found means of employing their own skill and industry to draw out of it the necessaries of life. The same necessity, together with their convenience for building and manning ships, has made them the carriers for the other colonies. The business of ship-building is one of the most considerable which Boston or the other seaport towns in New