all Love and Regard to his Kind, to think that so many Thousands of the Human Race should be sacrificed every year to that greedy voracious God Mammon Short Account of the Slave Trade, p. 52. . The Number of Negro Slaves bought in one Year only (viz. 1768) on the Coast of Africa, from Cape Blanco to Rio Longo, amounted to 104, 100 Persons, according to a particular state of that Trade inserted in the Gazetteer of the 8th of July, 1769. These miserable creatures, it is said, were bought by Barter for European and Indian Goods, chiefly at 15 l. Sterling each. Now it is dreadful to consider what multitudes of men must have been killed merely in the attempt to take so many wretched Captives for sale; and again what multitudes, out of so large a number, would die, as usual, in their passage to the West Indies and America either of Grief and despair, or by being inhumanly stifled in the Holds of Ships; besides the large proportion (nearly one half) that would die of the seasoning, (as it is called) after their arrival in the plantations; and lastly that all the remainder of this vast multitude of 104, 100 miserable human beings will probably be worn out by hard service and oppression in the space of about 16 years, or less, according to the average rate of some calculations that have been published. These considerations, I say, must needs inspire us with indignation and horror even though the evil, at present, is at a considerable distance from us. But if the advocates, for the unnatural and unlawful claims, against which I contend, should receive such encouragement as to confirm their pretensions; the same must inevitably introduce by degrees a Toleration of the West India Slavery, with all its direful consequences, into this Kingdom: which, added to the manifold corruptions and deprav^ties into which this Kingdom has already unhappily fallen, will certainly cause our measure of Iniquity to overflow, and, in all probability, draw down upon us some dreadful and speedy national calamity The Irish at the first Council of Armagh, in the Reign of K. Henry the II. were persuaded (and they had, but too much cause for it) that the miseries, with which their Island was then afflicted, were the effect of God's Wrath for their having tolerated Slavery amongst them. See Rapin, 2 Vol. p. 521. , besides that severe judgment, which is already but too apparent amongst us, I mean that deplorable Hardness of Heart, and abandoned Spirit of Injustice, which has rendered the publication of this remonstrance necessary. Old Jewry, 16th Jan. 1772. GRANVILLE SHARP. FINIS.