thousand miles from all civilized intercourse." Having gone round and round the subject, and surveyed it minutely in every possible aspect, he proceeded to take a view of the physical objects we had to contend with in the subjugation of the colonies -- space and the ocean -- no contrivance could shorten the one, pump the other dry, or remove the eternal barriers of the creation ( See page 25, 27.) His sentiments on the idea of enfranchising the American slaves, deserves to be remembered. -- "It is sometimes as hard to persuade slaves to be free, as it is to compel freemen to be slaves; and in this auspicious scheme, we should have both these pleasing tasks on our hands at once. But when we talk of enfranchisement, do we not perceive that the American master may enfranchise too; and arm servile hands in defense of freedom? A measure to which other people have had recourse more than once, and not without success, in a desperate situation of their affairs. Slaves as these unfortunate black people are, and dull as all men are from slavery, must they not a little suspect the offer of freedom from that very nation which has sold them to their present masters? From that nation, one of whose causes of quarrel with those masters, is their refusal to deal any more in that inhuman traffic? An offer of freedom from England, would come rather oddly, shipped to them in an African vessel, which is refused an entry into the ports of Virginia or Carolina, with a cargo of three hundred Angola negroes. It would be curious to see the Guinea captain attempting, at the same instant, to publish his proclamation of liberty, and to advertise his sale of slaves." Amidst the many shining passages in this speech, it would be unpardonable to pass over one, that may be called the brightest of all. It is almost needless to say that I mean the "picture of the rapid growth of our national prosperity." The materials, it is true, were then abundant, and his friend, Sir Joshua Reynolds, could not have hit it off in gayer colors. The artful manner in which he prepared the mind of his audience for this grand sight is worthy of remark; first he sets out in the plain figures of arithmetic, piling one year of prosperity on the top of the other, as if he were speaking to a parcel of clerks in a counting house. In an instant he flies off to an eminence, and addresses the senate in language worthy of the British Cicero. "Mr. Speaker," said he, "I cannot prevail on myself to hurry over this great consideration, the exports to America; it is good for us to be here; we stand where we have an immense view of what is, and what is past. Clouds, indeed, and darkness, rest upon the future. Let us, however, before we descend from this noble eminence, reflect that this growth