emigrants was the highest of all." He then shows that the spirit of liberty was still more high and haughty in the southern than in the northern states, and the reasons he assigns, in support of this assertion, are not less ingenious than true. "It is," says he, "that in Virginia and the Carolinas, they have a vast multitude of slaves. Where this is the case in any part of the world, those who are free, are by far the most proud and jealous of their freedom. Freedom is to them not only an enjoyment, but a kind of rank and privilege. Not seeing there, that freedom, as in countries where it is a common blessing, and as broad and general as the air, may be united with much abject toil, with great misery, with all the exterior of servitude, liberty looks, amongst them, like something that is more noble and liberal. I do not mean, Sir, to commend the superior morality of this sentiment, which has, at least, as much pride as virtue in it; but I cannot alter the nature of man. The fact is so; and these people of the southern colonies are much more strongly, and with an higher and more stubborn spirit, attached to liberty than those to the northward. Such were all the ancient commonwealths; such were our Gothic ancestors; such in our days were the Poles; and such will be all masters of slaves, who are not slaves themselves. In such a people the haughtiness of domination combines with the spirit of freedom, fortifies it, and renders it invincible." He then remarks on the rapid population of the colonists ( See page 11) so rapid that whilst they were disputing about the exaggeration of it, the exaggeration ended, because they grew to it. Having stated what may be called the biography of the Americans, he proceeds to the natural resources of that country. They had prosecuted agriculture ( See page 19) with such a spirit "that for some time past the old world had been fed by the new." Having traced the plough into woods and wilds he indulged his imagination in the richest description of their fisheries ( See page 20) flies after the line and harpoon through all the "thrilling regions of thick ribbed ice, and seems to leave the gigantic pursuit with reluctance on the coast of Brazil." The commerce of America was a favorite theme ( See page 19) "For my part," said he, in another place Speech on American Taxation. , "I never cast an eye on their flourishing commerce, and their cultivated and commodious life, but they seem to me rather ancient nations grown to perfection through a long series of fortunate events, and a train of successful industry, accumulating wealth in many centuries, than the colonies of yesterday; than a set of miserable outcasts, a few years ago, not so much sent as thrown out, on the bleak and barren shore of a desolate wilderness three