-- especially considering the wild, and savage manners of his countrymen. In every light, the greatness of the attempt perplexed him. With a mind distressed by these difficulties, he took an affectionate leave of his kind friends in England, and embarked for Africa in one of the company's ships, which was named after him, the Naimbanna. On the departure of this amiable youth, we cannot help sympathizing with his generous feelings on the state of his country, which all humane people must unite in deploring. Much do we admire the Sierra Leone company for their beneficent endeavors to rescue it from that miserable state of darkness, in which it is involved. But nothing perhaps places its wretched bondage in a more striking light, than such a character as we have just been exhibiting. When we were taught to believe the African had scarce a rank among human beings, it injured our feelings less to think of the base condition to which he was reduced. But when we see in him such instances of fine affections -- such generous sentiments -- such aptitude to receive religious truth -- and have every reason to believe, that instances of this kind are to be found, more or less, in all parts of this unhappy country; That a real, and general conversion of the negroes is no romantic project, but a thing perfectly practicable; and that it would be highly beneficial both to the slaves, and their proprietors, is evident from the progress already made in this work by the Moravian missionaries. In the Danish islands of St. Thomas, St. Croix, and St. John, they have proselyted near 6,000 negroes. They have also a congregation of several thousands in the island of Antigua; and I have been assured by a gentlemen of credit, who saw them at public worship, that their deportment was remarkably serious, devout, amd edifying. And they so greatly surpass all the other slaves in sobriety, diligence, quietness, sidelity, and obedience, that the planters are anxious to have their negroes put under the direction of the missionaries -- See a note in the XVII. Sermon, Vol. I. of Bishop Porteus's Sermons, We may suppose that the Africans are just as susceptible of these divine truths in a state of liberty, as in a state of slavery -- and that the Moravian missionaries would be as well inclined to attend them in Africa, as in the West Indies. what a shocking idea does it present to see all these fine feelings damped; and thousands of these wretched sufferers, with all their generous propensities about them, lost to themselves -- and to society -- and dragged away into all the misery, and abject necessities, which follow slavery. We lest Naimbanna embarking for Africa, in a state of mind rather tending to despondency. He had too much sensibility about him to enjoy any settled repose. Tho he had always shown great affection for his own country, and relations, yet the kindnesses he had received