wished the children to die, for they lost much of the mother's work during their infancy." Captain Ross says, "he has seen a negro woman flogged with ebony bushes, so that the skin of her back was taken off down to her heels; she was then turned round, and flogged from her breast down to her waist; and in consequence, he saw her afterward walking upon all four, and unable to get up." Such is the treatment of women slaves, and in that state too, which of all others would excite pity in the most callous heart, that still had one human sensation left in it. But we are told that, although possibly facts of this atrocious nature may have happened in the early periods of the West India settlements, no such instances occur at present: that the government of the islands in this respect is greatly improved; that good laws have been made; that they are carefully executed; and that, upon the whole, the situation of the negroes is considerably mended, and grows every day more and more tolerable. Perhaps it may be so on some particular plantations; but, in general, I do not believe the assertion to be true. The operation of habits and principles is permanent and uniform; the check created by good laws can only be temporary and occasional, until they have acted long enough to effect a change in the manners of the people. It would have been natural to conclude that, while these inquiries were going on in England, and while the attention of the nation was so particularly directed to the subject as it has been lately, some restraint would have been laid on practices, which it was well known had excited universal indignation here. One fact, which I shall state, will be sufficient to show you, what you have to expect from the probable effect of these pretended laws and regulations made in the islands for the protection of the slaves. It is not more than eighteen months ago that I read, in the Jamaica Gazette, an account of a female slave, of the age of fifteen, flogged by one of these drivers, till she fell senseless to the ground. In this state she was dragged by the legs to a place which they call an hospital, till her mangled flesh was torn completely from her bones. In the hospital she died. The villain was tried for his life, and honorably acquitted by twelve of his peers, every one of whom, I have a right to conclude, and, for my own part, have no sort of doubt, would have done exactly the same. On what pretense was he acquitted? -- Why, Sir, it was said, or pretended, that the girl was his property; that it could not be his intention, because it was not his interest, to take away her life. Sir, I have given you but a very slight specimen, indeed, of the horrors, with which these books are filled. I