must perpetuate the importation. I wait with curiosity to hear, with what arguments and proofs they support so extraordinary a proposition. They will find it a difficult task; and they may be sure of my attention to every thing they say. Not a word of it shall be lost. But, until I receive new lights on this part of the subject, I must continue in my present conviction, that there is no marriage among the Negroes (by which I do not mean a casual cohabitation, but a real bond of union), because there is no protection to marriage, and that, without marriage, there can be no certain propagation, or care of the infant. For what reason should a Negro marry? That his wife, if she has any personal attractions, may be at the mercy and disposal of the driver, who whips them both? That his children, if they are suffered to live, may be slaves like himself? And do these people expect us to believe, that the productive power of mere animal instinct, if in fact it were protected and encouraged, is sufficient to overcome the moral order of nature, and the dispensations of Providence? Promiscuous cohabitation is generally adverse to increase; but, in the case of the Negroes, though birth were not prevented, death must follow. What care do you think is likely to be taken of the mother or the child, when children are considered as a loss and a burden to the estate? -- Do you mean then to impart directly to the Negroes, now in the West Indies, the immediate benefit and enjoyment, as far as a state of servitude is capable of it, of law and government, of morals and religion? No, Sir, that is not my intention. I know too well that they are not in a state to receive these benefits, or to profit by them. You might as well attempt to sow wheat upon a marble table, or on a gravel walk, and expect a plentiful crop in return. Before you plant, you must prepare the soil; otherwise the expense is wasted, and the labor thrown away. Something must be done, in the first instance, to raise their degraded minds, and to excite their faculties, before you attempt to make them productive. What idea can they form of a government, or how can they regard it, from which they experience nothing but punishment? How can they confide in laws, which place no confidence in them, and from which they derive no protection? What conception can they have, or would it be possible to give them, of moral obligations, as long as they exist without a social relation of any kind, not only to the whites, who to them are a distinct order of beings, but even to one another. Many well-meaning persons, I know, have wished and endeavored to impart to the Negroes some notion of a Deity and some sense of religion. Without blaming the intention, I lament the misapplication of