would long ago have been extinct, nor has it ever been pretended that the natives of Africa are less prolific than those of any other quarter of the earth. To what cause is it then to be attributed that, after a constant supply for upwards of two centuries, the present Negro inhabitants of the British West Indies bear so small a proportion to the number from time to time actually imported? or whence arises this continual waste of life, which is the foundation of the African Trade? Certainly because they are not in a fair and reasonable situation, and have not those advantages, which are necessary to enable them to fulfill even the first law of their existence. To improve that situation -- To admit them, if I may use the expression, to the rank of human beings -- To give them a station, and a known place in society, however low that place may be, is the immediate object and duty of that government on whom, and on whom only, they have claims for protection. As their numbers increase, as their moral powers improve, they will make further advances in the scale of civilization; their progress will be from slaves to vassals attached to the land, from vassals to husbandmen, and from husbandmen some may, perhaps, rise by their own merits to a higher class, and form a sort of yeomanry of the British plantations. The necessary power for cultivating these plantations will then he obtained on the spot. The example, if advantageous, will be followed by other nations, and the trade for slaves to Africa will be abolished without a struggle, not as unjust, but as unnecessary. That the parent state, and not the local legislature, is properly charged with the performance of this duty, is evident from the first measure, which it appears necessary to adopt. The planters, when called upon by the British nation to mitigate the distresses of their slaves, have replied by their able advocate Mr. Bryan Edwards -- "It is for you, if sincere, to set us the example, by a repeal of the British statutes, which subjects slaves in the plantations to be taken in execution, and sold for the debts of British creditors, and is the most cruel and oppressive regulation, under which these people groan." The remonstrance is just. This statute is a perpetual bar to the happiness and improvement of the Negro, and till it be repealed, all attempts at further regulations are useless. That a creditor, under the sanction of a British act of Parliament, shall seize upon a body of men, women, and children, as on a herd of cattle; that he shall be empowered, for no crime or misconduct of theirs, to tear them from their habitations, to separate the wife from the husband, the mother from her children, and disperse them to different masters, in different islands, is a reproach to this country, which ought effectually to prevent its upbraiding the planters with severity to