he pleases. The next question, I expect, is; -- Do you mean to give the Negroes equal rights with the white inhabitants? That would be a direct emancipation. What I would do immediately, if I could, would be to place them in a state equivalent to that of voluntary service. That step will follow in due time; but it must be preceded by other gradations. To abolish service in society, is in fact to abolish man. You have heard of fanciful definitions, that man is an animal bipes et implume, that man alone makes instruments to act with; but there is no distinction perhaps more striking, more prominent and characteristic, than that he alone of all created beings makes use of the service of creatures of his own species. But service is not slavery. It is the free man's calling. In effect, slavery is the reverse of service. Instead of bad slaves I would make the Negroes good servants. I am sure that the master's profit, on the whole, would grow with the freedom, and that even his morals would be minded by it. A good master makes a good servant, and, vice versa, a good servant makes a good master. The principles act and react on each other. But we are yet at too great a distance from this humble state of improvement. I do not aim at it immediately. Then what is it you propose? I mean, Sir, generally, in the first instance, to allow the Negroes every benefit and advantage compatible with a rational and profitable demand on their service; to mend their actual condition, to prepare them gradually for a better situation, and to make them capable of higher improvements. The course and the power shall be stated in their place. But, first of all, let us inquire and consider, what is the actual state of the Negroes in the Islands. I mean to represent it fairly on both sides. In a printed tract, called A true State of the Question, drawn up with great artifice, under an air of simplicity, I find the following passage, which the author evidently means should be taken for a general and candid account of the Negroes in the plantations. "They have a house and garden for nothing, clothes found them, food found them, both good and sufficient, the best doctors in the country to attend them when sick, their wives and children provided for, and all without any expense. The parson, who lived there three years, says this is the general state of the Negroes on all the plantations he saw; and that in a great many parts they catch, by means of springes or snares, abundance of wild pigeons and Guinea hens." Undoubtedly, Sir, if the Negroes are really furnished with all these conveniences and amusements, there is no occasion to tell us that it must be without any expense to them. They land naked, and they cannot acquire. To say that they have them for nothing, is