THOUGHTS AND SENTIMENTS ON THE EVIL OF SLAVERY. THOUGHTS AND SENTIMENTS ON THE EVIL AND WICKED TRAFFIC OF THE SLAVERY AND COMMERCE OF THE HUMAN SPECIES, HUMBLY SUBMITTED TO The INHABITANTS of GREAT BRITAIN, BY OTTOBAH CUGOANO, A NATIVE of AFRICA. He that steals a man and sells him, or makes merchandise of him, or if he be found in his hand: then that thief shall die. LAW OF GOD. LONDON: PRINTED IN THE YEAR M.DCC.LXXXVII. GENERAL CONTENTS. Page 1. THANKFUL acknowledgment of those that have written and testified against slavery -- 3. Some reflections and apology for advancing these Thoughts and Sentiments -- 5. Some account of the Author's captivity -- 11. Reflections on his deliverance from Grenada -- 13. Thanks to God and his good Providence for the great advantages of the Bible. Page 14. General observations on the Cursory Remarker, an advocate for slavery -- 21. Sundry pretenses for enslaving the Africans answered -- 23. False consequences as some good arising from slavery exploded -- 24. Almost nothing to be seen abroad among christians but ruffians and barbarians -- 25. Some account of the slave-procurers -- 27. That the Africans sell their wives and children, nothing can be more contrary to their natural feelings, and absurd. Page 29. Observations on other grand pretenses made use of by the favorers of slavery refuted -- 31. Different complexions and features among men as being natural to different climates and situations -- 32. Concerning Cain, and the notion of some mark set upon him -- 33. Concerning the prediction and curse which took place in the lineage of Canaan -- 36. Of Africa chiefly peopled by the descendants of Ham -- 38. That slavery was an ancient custom, but never lawful. Page 40. Another part of the grand pretense for enslaving men considered as admitted into the law by Moses, and the case of the Canaanites, who were reduced to a poor and menial employment, equal to the state of laborers in any free country -- 43. State of bond servants admitted for great and wise purposes, but not contrary to the natural rights and liberties of men -- 45. Allegorical use of different complexions and other things, as mentioned in sacred writ, intended for something else than only being eligible in the variety of the scale of nature -- 47. Another form of instruction for men considered by the state of bondage mentioned in the law -- 50. Allegorical use of the wars of the Israelites, etc. -- 53. Conclusion, that no slavery can be lawful. Page 54. Observations on various perversions of sacred writ made use of by the favorers of slavery, to embolden themselves in wickedness; and other historical precedents made use of to encourage slavery and extirpation, shown to be unwarrantable and highly absurd. Page 59. Observation on the brutish stupidity of men in general -- 60. Laws of God considered against slavery, and that the enslavers of men are the servants of the devil --