62. Unlawfulness of slavery, and the European traffic in it only piracy -- 63. Contrary to the law of our Lord Christ -- 64. All the dealers of slaves guilty of death according to the righteous law of God; and if they do not repent, they must lie under their crimes for ever. Page 66. All the criminal laws of civilization ought to be founded upon the law of God; and the breakers of that law, in many cases, ought to be enslaved, and those that break the laws of civilization, are the only men that others have any right to enslave, because they sell themselves to work iniquity. Page 73. Every slaveholder is a robber, if he buys a man without his own consent, or by any fraudulent method to obtain his consent unawares; and it is the duty of every man to deliver himself from rogues and villains if he can. Page 74. Historical observations, and the case of the Africans considered. Page 77. Observations on the cruel invaders and desolaters of the Americans, and the unchristian barbarities of the Europeans against the heathen nations -- 85. False religion a general cause of it -- The symbolical image of evil and wickedness described. Page 86. The great wickedness carried on by the British nation, the cause of leading them into a world of debt -- That debt a cause of oppression and slavery -- The various instigators of it profligate and wicked men. Page 92. The Spanish barbarities imitated by other nations, and the infernal invention of slavery followed after -- 94. The sufferings of the Africans described. Page 97. An estimate of one hundred thousand of the Africans annually murdered by the British instigators and carriers on of slavery, and the dreadful consequences of it declared. Page 103. Every man in Great Britain responsible, in some degree, for the shocking and inhuman murders and oppressions of the Africans -- 105. Kings and great men considered as more particularly guilty; dead or alive every man must answer before God for all that they do at last. Page 110. Great Britain considered as more particularly guilty; many instances of their barbarity might be added, I have only recited one -- 112. What the Africans think and declare of the West India slavery -- 114. That the several nations of Europe, who carry on slavery, are become barbarous, and the British nation has joined as the head of that wicked combination. Page 118. Address to the British inhabitants, why slavery should not be abolished, and, 122, why it has not been abolished and prohibited -- let the wickedness of the wicked declare their iniquity, because they have not done otherwise. And add to that enquiry, page 123, after the interrogation, line 6, And why then might not the grand monster and image of iniquity have thundered forth his bulls to prevent all superstition and idolatry, and to prohibit all cruelty, slavery and persecution whatever, and to have caused the genuine