are allowed to make in the South-Seas, both by the Treaty of the Grand-Alliance, and by Act of Parliament, will certainly be attended with infinite Advantages: 1. The Trade of such Places as we shall Seize and Plant, will, by Degrees, increase both within it self, and with others; and will open such a Vein of Riches, will return such Wealth, as, in few Years, will make us more than sufficient Amends for the vast Expenses we have been at since the Revolution. 2. For it will occasion a great Consumption of our Woollen, Iron, and other Manufactures, as will be hereunder specified. 3. Consequently it will find Work and Employment for Abundance of our Poor, and thereby ease the Parishes of that heavy Burden. 4. It will advance the Value of Land. 5. It will increase our Shipping, and the Number of our Sea Men, in both which the chief and natural Strength of this Nation consists. 6. Our Settling in South-America may open a beneficial Trade for our Plantations in North America, who want a Market for the Overplus of those Provisions that grow in those Countries. 7. The South-Sea-Trade may greatly contribute toward the buoying up and supporting the sinking, and near expiring Royal- African-Company, by affording it an Opportunity of Vending great Numbers of Negroes to the Spaniards, who, by a Contract with the Jamaicans, did formerly buy them at the Rate of 200 Pieces of Eight ahead. As an illustration of this, it may be observed, That the chief Motive that engaged the French in the Attempt they made, some Years ago, upon the Islands of Nevis and St. Christopher's, was the Alluring Booty of the Negroes on those Plantations: The French King having borrowed a great Sum from the Spaniards, upon Condition of Furnishing them with a certain Number of Negroes, which he could not have performed, but for the successful Invasion of the said Island. 8. In the Last Place, though it was not thought consistent with the Honor of the Nation to grant the Pirates of Madagascar a Pardon, yet since they have established and formed themselves into a kind of regular Government, it will not be more dishonorable for the South Sea Company to trade with them, than it was for the People of Italy to hold a Commerce and friendly Correspondence with the First Founders of Old Rome, who were but a Company of Public Robbers. It may, indeed, be alleged, That the South-Sea-Corporation is not allowed to trade in Madagascar, which would be an Incroachment on the East India Company; but as the Act of Parliament only limits Places, and not Persons, so the South-Sea-Company may, within the Limitations of the Act, carry on a very beneficial Commerce with the Madagascarians, who drive themselves a considerable Trade in the South-Seas, either in a Friendly, or a Piratical Manner. And here it may not be improper to subjoin the Account, which, in the Year 1703, was given of the Pirates