other remote Parts of the World; the Discoveries of the indefatigable Adventurers of that Age; such as Sir Francis Drake, Sir Walter Raleigh, the famous Earl of Cumberland, Captain Smith, and others, too many to name, by whom the Commerce of the English was extended in a prodigious manner, and their Dominions also; as in the following Countries in particular: 1. Virginia 1. Barbados 2. New Egland 2. Bermudas 3. Newfoundland 3. Nevis 4. Hudson's-Bay 4. Antegoa 5. New York 5. Montserrat 6. New Jersey 6. St. Christopher's 7. Pensilvania 7. Jamaica, etc. 8. Carolina. In all these, the succeeding Generations have so improved, the Plantations have been so spread, so well managed, and the Numbers of People are so surprisingly increased, that whereas in the Beginning of King James's Reign it is creditably affirmed there were not Five thousand People in all of them, Negroes excepted, and not abundance of Them: It Is now as creditably insisted upon, that there are not less than a Million of British Subjects, Slaves included; which monstrous Increase is not only an Addition to the Greatness and Glory of the British Dominion and to their Commerce, by the immense Return of their Product to England, such as from the Continent in Tobacco, Rice, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Train-Oil, Fish, Whale-fins, Furs, Drugs, etc. and to the other Colonies on the Islands in Corn, Meal, Peace, Pork, Beer, Horses, etc. and from the Islands to England, in Sugar, Rum, Melasses, Ginger, Cotton, Indico, Piemento, Cocoa, and many other valuable things. I say, this Increase of People is not only an Increase of Commerce, in the Returns abovenamed, but it adds to the Consumption of the British Manufactures in an extraordinary manner; not only all that Million of People being to be clothed from hence, but that they have in all Places upon the said Continent taught the Natives of the Country to go clothed also; and who are supplied with Manufactures from England; all which is a mere Addition to the Trade, as well as to the Navigation of England, since the time abovenamed; nothing of those Countries being then known, much less any Trade to them. It may be objected, and has been pretended, that the first Planters or Inhabitants of those Colonies coming from England is no Addition; for that the same Increase would have been from them at home, if they had not gone abroad. But as this requires a long and full Answer, such a full Answer may be given to it hereafter; and particularly this, that those Inhabitants generally going over thither in mean Circumstances, and growing rich there by their Industry, have quite altered the Case; and that the Increase of the same People, if it had happened, had probably been an Increase both of unprofitable Hands and Mouths; whereas here they have been just the contrary, and their Posterity being rich and industrious, have thereby increased the public Wealth as well as the Numbers of People: But this