Europeans in America. Here is a flagrant Example of the Weakness and Deficiency of a Country for want of Trade, in spite of all the Bounty of Nature, and of the most evident Capacity for the best Trade in the World. I might enlarge here upon the Situation of Africa for Improvement and Commerce, as, its lying between all the Trading Quarters of the World, and its Nearness to Europe, which is the Market for all its Productions; also how it might be encouraged to build, and employ Ships, and might raise a sufficient Fund of Goods for the Employment of Shipping, as well as Gold to pay them. But all this is fully done in the Atlas, which gives a distinct Account of the Commerce, both as it now is, and as it is capable of being increased; and shows how much superior Africa would be to America, or even to India it self, if it was encouraged by settled Colonies, as the former, or inhabited by a trading manufacturing People, as the latter. I cannot therefore leave this Particular, without recommending it to the Age to study the enlarging of Commerce, the encouraging of Industry, the planting of desolate Countries, and the employing those indolent Nations, who tho they may be said to be idle, yet it is not so much for want of Will to work, as for want of some to employ them, and instruct them what to do. I have now done with one Branch of the Comparison, viz. the State of Africa, with respect to Trade: Let us next look into an Extreme the other Way, I mean in the Indies, that is to say, the Countries of Malabar, India Proper, Ceylon, Coromandel, Bengal, Siam, Pegu, Cochin-China, with China it self, and Japan. It cannot be said but that the Natives of some if not most of these Countries, are (or were originally) as ignorant and stupid as the Negroes of Africa; excepting always the People of China, and even in Africa the People of Aethiopia. But the Indians are enured to Trade, and have a natural Genius to Industry and Application; and so they fall upon Labor, whilst the Africans are indolent; and spread their Manufactures, the Work of their People, over the whole World, whereas the other sell not the Work of the People but the People themselves. And what is the Consequence of all this, but that these Nations of India are rich, populous and powerful? Nay, the Mogul, who is called the most powerful Emperor of India, and the Grand Tartar, who is the like in China, are made so rich and strong, merely by the immense Wealth arising from their Trade. The Chinese have not any Sea Coast, except along the Eastern Shore of their Country; and yet they spread the Sea with their Ships, and have such an infinite Number, that one who describes that Country, said he believed they had Ships enough to make a Bridge from