I concluded the last, I thought not to have tired the Reader any longer with the Subject of Malefactors: But it has been remonstated to me since, that what I had wrote, would seem very defective, and this Treatise be, in reality, imperfect, if I said nothing of Transportation; which, for some Years last past, on many Occasions, has been substituted, and inflicted in the room of capital Punishment; and having, at the same Time, been furnished with a Hint concerning this Affair, that may be of admirable Use, I cannot forbear imparting it to the Public. There is no doubt but the Design of Transporting Felons, instead of hanging them, when their Crimes were not very enormous, was just and commendable, and it was reasonable to expect that it would have proved a powerful Remedy against the grand Evil I have all along complained of, and which has been so often repeated. But our subtle Criminals have found out Means hitherto to render it ineffectual: Some have made their Escape in the Voyage itself; others, condemned to this Punishment, never have been put on board; several have reached the Plantations, but been returned again by the first Shipping, and great Numbers have been come back before half their Time was expired. Those that are forced to stay, do very little Service themselves, and spoil the other Slaves, teaching the Africans more Villainy and Mischief than ever they could have learned without the Examples and Instructions of such Europeans. We have loud Complaints from all the Islands, that we send such Numbers, and they know not what to do with them. As they come from England, and are to serve English Men, their Color, as well as Country and Language, plead for them; and the Masters that complain of them, are to blame themselves for treating them with less Severity than they do the innocent, as well as unfortunate Blacks, and more remisly than they ought, if they considered that these Country Men of theirs are sent thither on purpose to work, and are condemned to Hard Labor, as a Punishment for their Crimes. The mild Usage our Felons receive beyond Sea, and the many Examples of such as come back before their Time, with Impunity, have quite destroyed the End which Transportation was designed for. The Criminals have no dread against it, remain as they were themselves, and do no Service to others. To redress this, there is an Expedient that may immediately be put into practice, and is, to my thinking, every way unexceptionable; for it would effectually prevent the returning of the Felons, make them serviceable in the most extraordiary Manner, and, at the same Time, be terrible beyond Expression. The Use I would put them to is, the Redemption of Slaves, that in Morocco, as well as Tunis, Algiers, and other Places on the Coast of Barbary, groan under a miserable Servitude. Should it be objected, that such abandoned People would turn Mahometans, and our selves