to be doubted, and is a mere begging the Question of the Company. For if no Man is bound to Trade to any Sum, if no Man is obliged to Trade farther than he pleases, which is just as far as his Profit invites; if that Profit ceases as above, why should we think the Man will Trade? So that instead of not doubting but the Trade will support it self, it is out of doubt that it will not, in case of Accident as aforesaid. 3. As there is no Obligation to any Man to Trade longer than Advantage prompts him to it; so the Separate Traders never yet offered, nor can they bring in a Number of Men that would be personally bound, even though the Advantages of the Trade should continue, that they would Trade to such or such a degree. This leaves the Trade in such an Uncertainty, that no dependence can be proposed, either for the Encouragement of our Manufactures, or the Supply of Negroes to our Colonies. Nor is this an Omission of the Separate Traders; a thing forgotten by them, or which they may make up when it is demanded of them. The House may soon put them to the Test in these things; they cannot bring a Number of Men together that will be bound in their separate Capacities to do these things, either to Trade at all, in case of Loss, or War, or to a certain degree in times of Peace, and Currency of Commerce. If these things are so, it is humbly left to any indifferent Judgment to observe, upon what Foundation the Trade, if laid Open, is like to stand. How the Nation shall be Treated, if by any Accident of War, or otherwise, the Traders shall decline, or discontinue their Exports; and what Condition our Colonies shall be like to fall into, when no Men are obliged by Authority to supply them with Negroes. 4. By the same Rule there can be no Security obtained from these Free Traders, as to the Quantity of Goods of the Growth and Manufacture of Britain they will Export, or as to the Number of Negroes they shall carry Yearly for the supply of our Plantations. Upon both which Articles the Usefulness of the Trade does depend; and which is still more, they cannot easily be brought to stated and certain Prices for which those Negroes shall be Delivered; but as by their Means the Price of Negroes has been brought from 20 to 40, and 45 l. per Head, to the great Oppression and Discouragement of the Plantations; so they still will be at Liberty by the Scarcity of their Number, to Extort from the Planters what Exorbitant Price they think fit. These things are so Evident, and have appeared hitherto so Unanswerable, none of the Separate Traders, in their Numerous Papers, having offered the least satisfactory Reply to them, that there seems no occasion to enlarge upon them. Only