Bounty of the Prince, he declares they can have none at all. For as Liberty solely consists in an independency upon the Will of another, and by the name of Slave we understand a Man, who can neither dispose of his Person nor Goods, but enjoys all at the will of his Master; there is no such thing in nature as a Slave, if those Men or Nations are not Slaves, who have no other title to what they enjoy, than the grace of the Prince, which he may revoke whenever he pleases. But there is more than ordinary Extravagance in his Assertion, That the greatest Liberty in the World is for a People to live under a Monarch, when his whole Book is to prove, That this Monarch has his Right from God and Nature, is endowed with an unlimited Power of doing what he pleases, and can be restrained by no Law. If it be Liberty to live under such a Government, I desire to know what is Slavery. It has bin hitherto believed in the World, that the Assyrians, Medes, Arabs, Egyptians, Turks, and others like them, lived in Slavery, because their Princes were Masters of their Lives and Goods: Whereas the Grecians, Italians, Gauls, Germans, Spaniards, and Carthaginians, as long as they had any Strength, Virtue or Courage amongst 'em, were esteemed free Nations, because they abhorred such a Subjection. They were, and would be governed only by Laws of their own making: Potentiora erant Legum quam hominum Imperia. Even their Princes had the C. Tacit* Ibid. Authority or Credit of Persuading, rather than the Power of Commanding. But all this was mistaken: These Men were Slaves, and the Asiaticks were Freemen. By the same rule the Venetians, Switzers, Grisons, and Hollanders, are not free Nations: but Liberty in its perfection is enjoyed in France, and Turkey. The Intention of our Ancestors was, without doubt, to establish this amongst us by Magna Charta, and other preceding or subsequent Laws; but they ought to have added one clause, That the Contents of 'em should be in sorce only so long as it pleased the King. King Alfred, upon whose Laws Magna Charta was grounded, when he said the English Nation was as free as the internal thoughts of a Man, did only mean, that it should be so as long as it pleased their Master. This it seems was the end of our Law, and we who are born under it, and are descended from such as have so valiantly defended their Rights against the Encroachments of Kings, have followed after vain shadows, and without the expense of Sweat, Treasure, or Blood, might have secured our beloved Liberty, by casting all into the King's hands. We owe the discovery of these Secrets to our Author, who after having gravely declared 'em, thinks no offense ought to be taken at the freedom he assumes of examining things relating to the Liberty of Mankind, because he has the Right