the sixteenth part of a piastre, or five paras a day; for their subsistence. The consequence was, that the greater part of these poor women stole away to the Turks, and eighty-one persons of his excellency's retinue deserted from him, and embraced the Mohammedan religion. However, such was the dread of the Turkish government, lest any fresh misunderstanding should happen between the two courts, that when Prince Repnin was on the point of returning home, the Port, adds H. offered to restore him all the Russians who had quitted his service, which was an infraction of their laws; for having embraced the Mohammedan religion, they were become Turkish subjects. The number of black and white slaves brought yearly to Constantinople, is said to amount to near 20,000. None but Turks are allowed to purchase any, under the most severe penalties. The slavemarket is in the middle of the city. It forms a quadrangle, surrounded with apartments for white slaves, and in the area underneath, sit the black ones almost naked. The white female slaves are dressed up in very gaudy colors when they are exposed for sale, and some of them fetch a great price, and are very proud of it. They are by no means unhappy; from being next to savages they are well fed, well dressed, and treated with great urbanity. They are taught a variety of things, get into good families, women as well as men, and oftentimes acquire great riches. With respect to their being in a state of slavery, many situations in life, says Lord Baltimore, are much more so. If a slave is determined to quit his master, he is obliged to dispose of him to some other person; and as far as I could observe, says his lordship, if they are in the least handsome, they are excessively proud, haughty, hardened, obstinate and ferocious; and require, indeed, a Turk to have to deal with them. The Turks inspire them with the utmost disdain and hatred of the Christians. It may not be amiss to give some idea here of the Georgian and Circassian slaves, whose beauty is so much celebrated. Georgia and Circassia are not more enslaved than any other province, more immediately subject to the Grand Signor. The slaves from these provinces are furnished by the Lesguis Tartars, who are situated between the Caspian and Black seas, and are perpetually at war with the Georgians and Circassians. These Tartars carry over to the eastern coast of the Black sea, the slaves they have taken, and sell them to the Turkish merchants, who come thither at certain times. It is usual, likewise, for parents in these countries to sell their own children to the merchants, who afterward educate them in such accomplishments as will enhance their value: an indecent dance accompanied by castanets is the most valuable of all others This method of dealing for Circassian women, we have represented in our description of Tartary, and given a plate upon the subject, to