Interest of England, in Respect to Trade, depends most, as it certainly does, upon her American Plantations, those Plantations do, as certainly, depend on the Slave Trade from AFRICA. A Trade! that strengthens us, in the very Vitals, and first Principle of Government: For it is perpetually adding Increase to the Numbers of our useful People; far beyond the progressive Growth of our slow, and Natural Multiplication. THE Nation, too, (in Point of Wealth, as well as Power) is, to an infinite Degree, more advantaged than The Company, by Effect of this Negro Traffic. When the Company have sold a Slave, That Profit, which they once make, is All the Benefit, which he can, ever, bring them. -- But, for the Benefit of the Nation, there is no computing what may be gained, by him. Not only the Wretch, himself, but his Children's Children, after him, down to the latest Generations, are, for ever, doomed to Work; and All their Product is the Nation's. -- The Difference is Vast, and Infinite! THE Extent of Country, comprehended within the Limits of This Company's Charter, is Prodigious and Astonishing! For above Thirty Degrees, on one Side, from the Line, and about Twenty, from the other, all the Coast is within their Limits: So that they have all the Good, Variety, of Soils, and of Latitude, which the whole World can afford them. -- They have, consequently, within their Bounds, a proper Earth and Climate, for every rich Product, that we pick up here and there, at the remotest Distances, from one Side of the Globe to the other. -- They have not, it is true, a Claim of Property to the Lands: But, how easily might they purchase it, as far as could be necessary, at Rates too inconsiderable to deserve the naming? -- They have Islands too, and Settlements, never subject to the Natives Insults. -- Why might not these be cultivated? Why not Rice, Sugar, Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, and Tobacco, brought hence, as well as from America? And how much sooner, and easier? IN one short and comprehensive View, may be seen a Demonstration of the Difference, as to the Company's Profit, between the Slaves they transport to America, and those whom they might employ, if they pleased, to raise Products, for their own Benefit. TO say nothing of the Charge of Shipping them, which would be saved, upon All, so employed, in Africa; nor to insist on the mafest Advantage, of cheaper Freight, and shorter Voyages, what can be plainer than this Way of Reasoning? -- Compute the Company's Profit, by the Sale of a Negro, to be Equal with what might be Gained by him, in a Year's Work, over and above his Maintenance, and the Interest of his Prime Cost, (which it certainly never is) yet, the Negro, that WORKS for the Company, costs no more, than One, who is SOLD, for them: Whereas this Last is wholly Lost, from that Day forward, to their Interest; while