a colony can acquire. Regulations might be formed upon the same plan to encourage the industry of slaves that are already imported into the colonies, which would teach them how to maintain themselves, and be as useful, as well as less expensive to the planter. They would by such means become members of society, and have an interest in the welfare of the community; which would add greatly to the strength and security of each colony: whereas, at present, many of the plantations are in continual danger of being cut off by their slaves, a fate which they but too justly deserve. APPENDIX, (No. 6.) Extract of a Letter from the Author, to a Gentleman at Philadelphia. -- and surely there needs no argument to demonstrate the weakness and danger of the more southern colonies, from the immense multitude of slaves, that are forcibly detained therein! THE congress have acted nobly in forbidding the iniquitous importation of more slaves; but the business is but half done, 'till they have agreed upon some equitable and safe means of gradually enfranchising those which remain. No time should be lost in forwarding this equitable measure; -- and, to secure the affections of the negroes, assurances should be immediately given of such friendly intentions toward them, lest any attack should, in the mean while, be made in those quarters, which might encourage an insurrection. I tremble for the probable consequences of such an event! for though domestic slavery, (which I detest from my heart) would thereby be abolished, yet that effect would be wrought at the expense of public Liberty; and the tyranny and injustice of private individuals would seem, perhaps, to be too severely punished by that horrid carnage and implacability, which usually attend the conflicts between masters and slaves! LET private interest therefore give place to justice and right, which will most effectually administer to the public safety. LET it be remembered that many of the negroes are natives of the colonies, and consequently have a natural right to a free existence therein, as well as the Landholders themselves. I shall not presume to advise the mode of effecting this important and necessary enfranchisement, but will only offer a few hints in order to promote the consideration and determination of those who are best able to judge of the matter. SUPPOSE the value of every slave now in the colonies, was to be fairly estimated, by juries appointed for that purpose, and the value to be entered, under their inspection, (as a pecuniary debt due from each negroe to his master,) in a public register for each district. Suppose also that the landholders, who do not occupy all their grounds, were advised to divide what lands they can spare into compact little farms, with a small wooden cottage to each, which should be allotted to those negroes only, who are natives of the colony, or else have been so long in it, that their dispositions are sufficiently known, whether or not they