liberal advances which of late have been made among all ranks of people toward the discountenance of that Trade, and promotion of Justice to those who have thereby been deprived of their Liberty. Hence your Petitioners are induced to address the Legislature, and to request, that a subject so important may receive that attention which it deserves. Your Petitioners also beg, that you will not only provide against the future importation of Slaves into this Colony, by such ways as you may think best, but to enable such persons as shall choose it to manumit them by making them useful and happy upon equitable principles to the Owners and the Public, as in your wisdom may appear most conducive to those good ends. And your Petitioners shall pray, etc. . Another Petition upon the like benevolent principles was presented to the same Assembly by diverse Inhabitants of the County of ESSEX in the said Province, wherein they also signified their dissatisfaction concerning an Act of Assembly in force for preventing the manumitting and setting free any Negro Slave, etc. whereby many are obliged to keep their Fellow Men in a Slavery to them unlawful, and contrary to their Christian Principles, etc. And they exhort the Assembly to obtain an alteration of his Majesty's Instruction to the Governor relating to the African Trade, etc. To the Honorable House of Representatives, now sitting at Burlington in the Province of New Jersey. The humble Petition of diverse Inhabitants of the County of Essex in the said Province, shows, THAT many of his Majesty's loyal subjects in this Province observe, with uneasiness, the great increase of negro slaves from the coast of Africa, which is considered, not only as preventative of the importation and increase of white servants and laborers, by which the present extravagant price of labor would be proportionably lessened, but also as laying a foundation of that which may hereafter prove dangerous to Government, and subversive of the liberties of the people, it being justly observed, That slaves are the natural enemies of society, and their numbers must always be dangerous. It is also with dissatisfaction that some of the inhabitants of this province observe an Act of Assembly in force, for preventing the manumitting and setting free any negro slave, however healthy and able to earn his or her living, without such terms as many are wholly unable to, and others cannot without great difficulty comply with, whereby they are obliged to keep their fellow men in a slavery (to them unlawful and contrary to their Christian principles). In order therefore to remedy these growing evils, your petitioners humbly pray this Honorable House, that they would take such measures as to them in their wisdom may seem meet, to obtain an alteration of his Majesty's Instruction to his Excellency the Governor, relating to the African trade, so that his Excellency may be at liberty to consent to such laws for the preventing the future importation of negro slaves into this