THE JUST LIMITATION OF SLAVERY IN THE LAWS OF GOD, COMPARED WITH The unbounded Claims of the AFRICAN TRADERS and BRITISH AMERICAN SLAVEHOLDERS. BY GRANVILLE SHARP. With a copious APPENDIX: CONTAINING, An Answer to the Rev. Mr. Thompson's Tract in favor of the African Slave Trade. -- Letters concerning the lineal Descent of the Negroes from the Sons of HAM. -- The Spanish Regulations for the gradual Enfranchisement of Slaves. -- A Proposal on the same Principles for the gradual Enfranchisement of Slaves in America. -- Reports of Determinations in the several COURTS OF LAW AGAINST SLAVERY, etc. -- Take away your Exactions from my People, SAYS THE LORD GOD! Ezekiel xlv. 9. LONDON: Printed for B. WHITE, in Fleet Street, and E. and C. DILLY, in the Poultry. M.DCC.LXXVI. TRACT I. THE Just Limitation of Slavery. THE opinion of the lords Hardwick and Talbot, which I labored to refute in my Tract against Slavery in England (1) A Representation of the Injustice and dangerous Tendency of tolerating Slavery in England. , (printed in 1769,) has since been effectually set aside by a clear determination, in the Court of King's Bench (2) See Appendix. , in favor of James Somersett, a Negro, against his former Master, C****** S******, esquire. in the year 1772. But it is not enough, that the Laws of England exclude Slavery merely from this island, whilst the grand Enemy of mankind triumphs in a toleration, throughout our Colonies, of the most monstrous oppression to which human nature can be subjected! And yet this abominable wickedness has not wanted advocates, who, in a variety of late publications, have attempted to palliate the guilt, and have even ventured to appeal to Scripture for the support of their uncharitable pretensions: so that I am laid under a double obligation to answer them, because it is not the cause of Liberty alone for which I now contend, but for that which I have still much more at heart, the honor of the holy Scriptures, the principles of which are entirely opposite to the selfish and uncharitable pretensions of our American Slaveholders and African Traders. A late anonymous writer, who calls himself "An African Merchant," remarks, that, -- By the Law of Moses, the Israelites might purchase Slaves from the Heathens, and even their own people might become Slaves to their brethren. A Treatise on the Trade from Great Britain to Africa, etc. by an African Merchant. P. 8 and 9. Now, with respect to the first part of his observation, it is true, indeed, that the Israelites were expressly permitted to keep Bond-Servants, or Slaves, of the Heathen, (or, more properly, of the Nations (...)) that were round about them, and of the children of the strangers that sojourned among them. (Levit. xxv. 44 to 46.) But we must remember, that these Heathen, or Nations that were round about them; were an abandoned race of people, already Slaves and worshippers of devils, and by them led to debase human nature,