Slave must rest with double Weight on the guilty head of the owner, to fill up the measure of his sins! Suppose a reverse of fortune -- that an English or Scotch Slaveholder, or Slavedealer, is shipwrecked on the Barbary Coast, and is retained, as a Slave, by the Moors, who seize him; or is sold, as such, to another Person, according to the detestable customs of that Savage people! -- Would he esteem himself the lawful Property of his tawney Master, because the wretched police of those Barbarians, in tolerating Slavery, is similar to his own former practices as an American Slaveholder, or African Trader? Would he not think it cruel treatment to be esteemed a mere Chattel; and, as such, to be ranked with the horses and oxen of his African Master? Like them, to be compelled by stripes to perform the most servile and abject Labor? Like them, to receive no Wages, or other Reward for his Service, except a little coarse Provender, merely to keep him in working Order for his Master's Benefit? Would he not think himself grievously injured by being forcibly detained and prevented from working for himself? And would he not think himself absolutely robbed of the Fruits of his own Labor? He would certainly have ample reason to lament the Mahometan's Ignorance of the heavenly Precept, "THOU SHALL LOVE THY NEIGHBOR AS THYSELF; for he would then be taught, by his own Sufferings, to comprehend the full force, extent, and and meaning of that benevolent Command, which, in his prosperity, he was never willing to understand, though the doctrine is so plain and obvious, that there can be no excuse for misunderstanding it; for unless the Slaveholder can make it appear, that his SLAVE is not his NEIGHBOR, he must necessarily acknowledge this "LAW OF LIBERTY" to be the true Measure of his conduct and behavior toward his SLAVE, as well as toward all other MEN! Let not Slaveholders or African Traders conceive, that they are at liberty to receive or reject this glorious Precept, according as it may suit their interest or convenience! But rather let them carefully examine (for they are particularly interested in the determination of the question) whether obedience to the doctrine of the great LAW OF LIBERTY, is not absolutely indispensable? And whether the violation of it is not dangerous to salvation? If they think there is any room to flatter themselves, that they do not offend God by tolerating Slavery among them, let them but examine their Actions by this "ROYAL LAW," and they will clearly perceive both their Guilt and Danger, unless they have Consciences seared with a hot Iron!" "If ye have respect unto Persons" (says the Apostle James, when he enforces the Observation of the ROYAL LAW) ye commit Sin, and are convinced of THE LAW AS TRANSGRESSORS, etc. ii. 9. Now this Offense of having Respect unto Persons, is a mark which strongly characterizes Slaveholders as Violaters of "THE ROYAL LAW." They