these invaders; but was unsuccessful, and obliged to submit to the Batavian yoke. The English had also for a long time great intercourse with this island, for the sake of the rich productions of the Spicy isles, till at length the subtle Dutch succeeded in preventing all commerce with Macassar. The Dutch have now the monarch of this island, and all its other princes, at their command, so they may more truly be said to be the governors of the country. The Chinese are the only people who are permitted to trade here to supply the wants of the islanders. The Macassars have a great commercial fishery around their island; they go in fleets of more than a hundred sail, which consist of proas from twelve to twenty tons burden, and carry from sixteen to twenty men; they go out with one monsoon, and come in with another, and send their fish to the China market; the produce of its own seas not being equal to the demand of that overstocked empire. It is remarkable that all these proas carry Dutch colors. The island itself exports gold, rice, sago, wax, and slaves; but its chief use to the Dutch is to keep other nations at a distance from the great repositories of spices. Our old voyagers seldom failed of touching at Celebes to profit of the trade. I AM sorry to observe, SLAVES. in the account I meet with of all the islands, even from Sumatra itself, that the infamous slave trade prevales in almost every one. They are either brought to market by the piratical Malayes or Buggesses, who make them one object of their cruizes or petty invasions; or they are kidnapped by the co-inhabitants of the same islands. The Mahometans think they have the same right to hunt down and catch a Pagan, as the gentry of Liverpool or Bristol have to encourage the trepanning of a curled-pated negro: and all these bring them to market with as little remorse. I call as evidence Mr. Marsden Sumatra, p. 213. , Captain Forest P. 79. , in his voyage to Mergui, and old Dampier Voy. i. p. 456. . Slaves from Celebes, Mindanao, and even Java itself, are seen at Batavia in numbers incredible; let me do the Batavians the justice to say, that some of their slaves are kept with great neatness, and are instructed in mechanical trades. The Dutchman, fortunately for them, finds it his interest to employ them in the loom, rather than consume them under the pressure of labor, beneath a vertical sun. OUR able officer, captain Carteret, in his return from his circumnavigation, attempted to put into Macassar, but was repulsed by the jealousy of the Dutch; his distress passed expression; most of his crew near the point of death, by the hardships of his long voyage; nothing could equal the unfeelingness of the Dutchman's heart; there seemed to be little difference in its temper in the year 1768, and that of its