themselves to my examination. But so abundant is the variety, and so extraordinary the properties, of the trees, plants, roots, etc. of this country, that by far the greater number are as yet perfectly unknown to the oldest inhabitants of this settlement, and to all the world besides. A few years ago a Count Gentelly, an ingenious nobleman, traveled through the deserts of Guiana with some Indians, and had acquired considerable knowledge in this his favorite study. But alas! his labors, which promised fair to be of material benefit to the Botanic Society, and to mankind in general, were interrupted by a fever, which, owing to his excessive fatigue, he caught at the River Correntine, and cut him off in the midst of his useful and entertaining researches. Having now concluded my account of the different productions of the colony, particularly cotton, sugar, cacao, indigo, and coffee, to which it is indebted for its riches; and having once more repeated that the different trees, shrubs, plants, roots, gums, and perfumes, are equally as innumerable as they are excellent; I cannot have a fairer opportunity of fulfilling my promise of submitting to the reader a few considerations, by an attention to which I cannot help thinking that not only Surinam, but the West India colonies in general, might accumulate wealth to themselves, and promote the permanent happiness of the slaves that are under their subjection, without having recourse to the Coast of Guinea to supply the almost hourly consumption of that unfortunate people. But before I proceed, it will be necessary to state the manner in which the negro slaves are distributed and treated, by the customs of this settlement only, without adverting to the distribution or government of them in other colonies; from which, however, those may equally derive some profit; -- and then I shall endeavor to point out how, in my opinion, they ought to be distributed and treated, according to the laws, not only of humanity but of common sense. I have before observed that in Surinam there are supposed to be on an average about 75,000 negro slaves of all denominations, which (allowing them, for the sake of a round number, to amount to 80,000) are here distributed in the following extraordinary manner, viz. The plantations, being about 800 in number, though some have but 24 negroes, and others 400, we will suppose them to possess 100 slaves each, which complement is exactly the above number of 80,000 people. These are employed in this settlement as follows; the first column of figures alluding to one estate, the second ditto to eight hundred. EMPLOYMENTS. On One Estate. On 800 Estates. Four boys or male servants to attend about the house 4 3,200 Maids or female servants to wash, few, iron, etc. 4 3,200 A cook for the planter, overseer, etc. 1 800 A fowler, or huntsman, to provide game for the table 1 800 A fishing negro to provide fish for ditto 1 800 A gardener to