they can carry it under their nails, and by only dipping their thumb into a tumbler of water, which they offer as a beverage to the object of their revenge, they infuse a slow but certain death After the most scrupulous enquiry, and even ocular demonstration, I can assert the above as literally true. . Whole estates, as well as private families, have become the victims of their fury, and experienced their fatal vengeance, even putting to death scores of their own friends and relations, with the double view of depriving their proprietors of their most valuable possessions. These monsters are distinguished by the name of Wissy-men, perhaps from wise, or knowing, and by their fatal genius carry destruction to a most dreadful length before they are detected. All barbarous and uneducated people have indistinct notions of property; nor can we wonder that slaves, who in their own persons suffer the most flagrant violation of every right, should be disposed to retaliate. The slaves on the plantations are therefore too commonly thieves, plundering whatever they can lay their hands upon with impunity; nor can any bounds be set to their intemperance, especially in drinking. I have seen a negro girl empty a china-bowl at one draught, containing two bottles of claret, which I had given her by way of experiment, till she could no more stand. I should not forget to mention that the Gango negroes are supposed to be anthropophagi or cannibals, like the Caribbee Indians, instigated by habitual and implacable revenge. Amongst the rebels of this tribe, after the taking of Boucou, some pots were found on the fire with human flesh; which one of the officers had the curiosity to taste, and declared it was not inferior to some kinds of beef or pork. I have been since assured by a Mr. Vangills, an American, that having traveled for a great number of miles inland in Africa, he at length came to a place where human legs, arms, and thighs hung upon wooden shambles, and were exposed to sale, like butchers meat in Leadenhall market. And Captain John Keen, formerly of the Dolphin cutter, but late of the Naimbana schooner, in the Sierra Leona company's service, positively assured me, that when he, a few years since, was on the coast of Africa, in the brig Fame, from Bristol, Mr. Samuel Biggs owner, trading for wood, iron, and gold-dust, a Captain Dunnigen, with his whole crew, belonging to the Nassau schooner, which was her tender, were cut in pieces, salted, and eaten by the negroes of Great Drewin, about thirty miles North of the River St. Andrew's; who having torn the copper off her bottom, burned the vessel. But from these deformities of character I will now relieve the attention of the reader, and proceed in justice to dispel the gloomy cloud, by introducing the sunshine of their virtues. Their genius has been already treated of, so has their gratitude; which last they carry to such a length,