together Bloodhounds were also proposed, to discover and attack the rebel negroes in the woods, but never adopted, from the difficulty of their proper training, etc. . These men were all volunteers, and in general stout able young fellows, selected from the different plantations, the owners of whom received for them their full value in money. None were accepted but those who were reputed to be of unexceptionable character. It must, however, be observed, that what we Europeans call a good character, was, by the Africans, looked on as detestable, particularly by those born in the woods, whose only crime consisted in revenging the wrongs done to their forefathers. I have been an ocular witness to astonishing proofs of the fidelity of these enfranchised slaves to the Europeans, and their valor against the rebel negroes. Their chief leaders are three or four white men, called Conductors, to whom they pay the strictest obedience: one or two of these attend them when they set out on any enterprise of consequence. Every ten privates have one captain, who commands them in the forest by the different sounding of his horn, as the boatswain commands the seaman by his call, or as the cavalry of Europe are directed by the sound of the trumpets in the field; by which they advance, attack, retreat, spread, etc.: they are armed only with a firelock and sabre. Of both these weapons they understand the management in the most masterly manner; they generally go naked, in preference, in the woods, excepting trowsers, and a scarlet cap, the emblem of liberty, on which is their number, and which, together with their parole or watchword, which is orange, distinguishes them from the rebels in any action, to prevent disagreeable mistakes. They have, indeed, of late years, been farther distinguished by green uniforms. -- Thus far as to the force of the colony. I have already stated, that the newly revolted rebels, called Cotticas, were just preparing to give the finishing blow to Surinam; and I shall now proceed to relate how this catastrophe was prevented. These negroes, being commanded by a desperate fellow named Baron, had erected a strong settlement between the river Cottica and the seacoast, whence they sallied forth to commit their depredations on the plantations in Cottica river, etc. A Coromantyn Free Negro, or Ranger, armed. I have called this settlement strong, because, like an island, it was entirely surrounded by a broad unfordable marsh or swamp, which prevented all communication, except by private paths under water, known only to the rebels, and before which Baron had placed loaded swivels, which he had plundered from the neighboring estates: it was moreover fenced and enclosed on every side by several thousand strong pallisadoes, and was on the whole no contemptible fortification. To this spot Baron gave the name of Boucon or Mouldered, intimating that it should perish in dust rather than it should be taken by or surrendered to the Europeans. He even presumed to suppose, that