but so carried in a Hammock. The chief Mechanic Traders here, are Smiths, Hatters, Shoemakers, Tanners, Sawyers, Carpenters, Coopers, etc. Here are also Tailors, Butchers, etc. which last kill the Bullocks very dexterously, sticking them at one Blow with a sharp-pointed Knife in the Nape of the Neck, having first drawn them close to a Rail; but they dress them very slovenly. It being Lent when I came hither there was no buying any Flesh till Easter-Eve, when a great number of Bullocks were killed at once in the Slaughter-houses within the Town, Men, Women and Children flocking thither with great Joy to buy, and a multitude of Dogs, almost starved, following them; for whom the Meat seemed fittest, it was so Lean. All these Tradesmen buy Negro's, and train them up to their several Employments, which is a great help to them: and they having so frequent Trade to Angola, and other parts of Guinea, they have a constant supply of Blacks both for their Plantations and Town. These Slaves are very useful in this Place for Carriage, as Porters; for as here is a great Trade by Sea, and the Landing-place is at the foot of a Hill, too steep for drawing with Carts, so there is great need of Slaves to carry Goods up into the Town, especially for the inferior sort: but the Merchants have also the Convenience of a great Crane that goes with Ropes or Pullees, one end of which goes up while the other goes down. The House in which this Crane is stands on the Brow of the Hill toward the Sea, hanging over the Precipice: and there are Planks set shelving against the Bank from thence to the Bottom, against which the Goods lean or slide as they are hoisted up or let down. The Negro-Slaves in this Town are so numerous, that they make up the greatest part or bulk of the Inhabitants: Every House, as I said, having some, both Men and Women, of them. Many of the Portuguese, who are Batchelors, keep of these black Women for Misses, though they know the danger they are in of being poisoned by them, if ever they give them any occasion of Jealousy. A Gentleman of my Acquaintance, who had been familiar with his Cook-maid, lay under some such Apprehensions from her when I was there. These Slaves also of either Sex will easily be engaged to do any sort of Mischief; even to Murder, if they are hired to do it, especially in the Night: for which Reason, I kept my Men on board as much as I could; for one of the French King's Ships being here had several Men murdered by them in the Night, as I was credibly informed. Having given this account of the Town of Bahia, I shall next say somewhat of the Country. There is a Salt Water Lake runs 40 Leagues, as I was told, up the Country, N. W. from the Sea,