12,000 And these, if summed together, make a yearly revenue of no less than f. 1,282,000 Having now clearly demonstrated, partly by the assistance of Dr. Fermyn's Tableau de la Colonie de Surinam, and partly by my own experience, that the intrinsic value of this settlement is worth yearly above one million of sterling money, which, by proper management, might be still increased; also that the greater part of it goes to the republic, while the people are thus burdened on their estates by almost insupportable taxation, which induces many to be rogues, who would perhaps otherwise be honest; I shall, by way of appendix, give some short account of the trade carried on in this colony by the North Americans: -- These people arrive with small brigs, sloops, and schooners from Virginia, Rhode Island, New York, Boston, Jamaica, Grenada, Antigua, Barbados, etc. from which places they export flour, beef, pork, herrings, salt, mackarel, and leaf-tobacco for the negroes; also fir-boards, English rum, and other spirits; loaf-sugar I have said they can make no rum here; neither do they refine sugar. , spermaceti-candles, onions, etc. Besides each vessel is bound to bring in one horse Mr. Hartzink mentions four horses, but this is a mistake. , which they often supply, by a head only; affirming, that they put on board a horse, but that he died on the passage. For the above commodities the American traders export all the melasses of this colony to distill into rum at home, and frequently shiploads of other productions and merchandise, though this is done in a clandestine manner, by which both the seller and buyer are considerable gainers, being ready cash for the one, and a cheap bargain for the other. From the Leeward Islands these vessels also import private mulatto and quaderoon slaves, which being generally young and handsome, whatever may be their moral character, sell for considerable prices. Having thus shown, according to the best information I was able to acquire, in what the commerce and intrinsic wealth of this fine colony consist; I will now take my leave of the subject, and continue my narrative. On the 21st of February, Mr. Reynsdorp, the son-in-law of Mrs. Godefroy, took me in his sail barge for change of air to Nuten-Schadelyk, one of his own coffee estates; where I saw a white man who had lately lost both his eyes in one night by the bats or vampires, as they are called; and the following day, sailing up Comewina River, we proceeded to the delightful Cacao plantation Alkmaar, the property of the above lady; where the negro slaves are treated like children by the mistress, to whom they all look up as to their common parent. -- Here were no groans to be heard, no fetters to be met with, nor any marks of severity to be seen -- but all was harmony and content. The superb house and other offices of this charming estate, where pleasure and hospitality ever reign, I