worn-out lands, to settle on the more fertile spot, under a government which will allow a free importation of negroes, while our object (if we knew how to compass it) is to reduce an unlimited infliction of punishment, which indeed our planters have by their own laws most humanely restrained By a law passed in the council of Jamaica, the punishment of a negro is usually limited to twelve lashes, but never exceeding thirty-nine. In Surinam I have known two hundred inflicted on a female; and was once the unfortunate occasion of seeing it immediately repeated. (See Plate XXXV. Vol. I.) ? Such is indeed the love and confidence of some planters for their slaves, that they often entrust their infants to a negro wet-nurse, in preference to an European, where both may be had; and such the attachment of some slaves to their masters, that I have known many refuse to accept of their emancipation, and even some, who had their liberty, voluntarily return to dependence. No one is perfectly free in this world, all mankind is depending upon one another -- while I will beg leave to conclude this laborious chapter, by this general remark, that all sublunary happiness exists only in imagination, and may ever be obtained, where health of body and peace of mind are not crushed by despotic oppression. CHAP. XXVII. The Rape of the Sabines -- Shocking Execution, and African Fortitude -- Description of an Indigo Plantation -- The Spanso Bocko, a Punishment -- The Troops again re-enter the Woods -- The Expedition draws to a Conclusion. NOTWITHSTANDING the successive defeats and repeated distresses of the rebels, CHAP. XXVII. news was brought to Paramaribo, on the 12th of August, that they had fallen upon the estate Bergendal, or the Blue Bergh, which is also called Mount Parnassus, situated in the higher parts of the River Surinam, and carried away all the black women, although a military post was stationed near the above place, but without committing any kind of cruelty, as too generally had been their custom. Upon this intelligence a party of the rangers was instantly detached thither to assist in pursuing them; and about this same time the long-projected cordon, or path of circumvallation round the colony, was also began to be cut, by seven hundred negro slaves; which path was henceforth to be manned with military piquets at proper distances, to defend the estates against any farther invasions from without, and to prevent desertion to the enemy from within. Mount Parnassus, which was the scene of the late rape of the Sabines, is situated on the west side of the River Surinam, distant from Paramaribo, if we include the windings of the river, above one hundred miles; and as the situation is pleasant, I present the reader with a view of it, in the plate annexed, as also of the village, called the Jews Savannah, which is distant from town, in a straight line, something more than forty, but by water