which threaten the West Indies. To recapitulate the heads of that material evidence, delivered by Mr. Walker and Mr. Ellis, would be tedious in me, unnecessary in itself. Leaving it therefore to its own powerful impression, I here add only in a general mode of my own, that of the inhabitants in those islands above four hundred thousand are blacks; from whose labor the immense riches there, so distinctly proved at your bar, are derived with such immense advantage to these kingdoms. How far these multitudes, if their intercourse with North America is stopped, may be exposed to famine, you have heard. One half in Barbados and the Leeward Islands, say one hundred thousand negroes, in value at least four millions sterling, possibly, it grieves me to say probably, may perish. The remainder must divert to provisions the culture of the produce so valuable to Great Britain. The same must be the practice in great part through Jamaica, and the new settled acquisitions. They may feel a distress just short of destruction, but must divert for subsistence so much labor, as in proportion will shorten their rich product. In fact, why should they raise the latter, if lumber should be wanting for its package to Great Britain. How vague, how uncertain, how nearly impracticable would be a supply of these necessaries through any new channel, I need not repeat; but shall close this head with another short general state in confirmation of Mr. Walker's most accurate detail. The gross amount of imports at an annual medium from these now unfortunate islands exceeds four millions: 190,000 casks of sugar and rum, besides many other articles, the bulky loading for such a multitude of vessels, more than authorize my assertion. Of these annual four millions the exchequer receives its portion, the navigator and merchant theirs; the rest centers with the planter; and how distributed by him? In the purchase of 1,300,000l. in our exports direct, and the largest part of 700,000l. more in circuition through Africa for a constant supply of negroes. What is left, considerable, as it may be among residents here, is applied to home-consumption, not with a sparing hand, and to investments, upholding the price of land, and the credit of public funds. At the same time they are furnishing commodities to us of such necessary use, which else must be paid for to foreigners, and with a superfluity for foreign consumption likewise. I avoid comparison; but judge from this state, how valuable a subject is the planter. All these benefits, the healthy progeny of active trade, all, or part must sleep, as in a grave, during a total, or partial stagnation. Upon the North-American imports I shall only remark, that the most considerable part of their bulky productions is bought by the foreigner, and of the amount, consumed in Great Britain, the Exchequer has a capital share. Nor will I take North America for a companion in my present melancholy walk, because she may prove the only gainer,