to the original shipper. At what an enormous price then must this lumber come to the hands of the consumer? By a suspension of the acts of navigation, it may indeed be carried to the West Indies, disincumbered of the intolerable burden of a double voyage; yet add the original price, much higher than in America; add the increase in this price from the increase in the demand from Great Britain, Ireland, and the West Indies; the remedy itself is only the lesser evil. Q. What other species of commodities from the middle colonies are interchanged with the West Indies? A. Besides the absolute dependence of the West Indies upon North America, for subsistence and for lumber, there are supplies less consequential, but very useful, and even necessary in some respect to the West Indies; which are all furnished by the confederating colonies. The articles are train-oil for many lamps in the sugar-works, horses for the saddle and for draft, tallow, leather, tobacco, pitch, tar, turpentine, iron, sloop and boattimbers, and some others. As to ships, I refer them to the head of the navigation created by the commerce of the West Indies. Q. What commodities do the sugar colonies give in exchange to North America? A. They did give a part of all their products in exchange: but the middle colonies have refused to take melasses, syrups, paneels, coffee, and pimento, since the first of last December. The principal exchange is of sugar and rum. The sugar is generally supposed to amount to twenty-five thousand hogsheads directly, besides fifteen thousand hogsheads in the shape of refined sugar from England. As to rum, the dependence of all the islands, except Jamaica, is as great upon the middle colonies of North America for the consumption of their rum, as it is for subsistence and for lumber. Jamaica sends about eleven thousand puncheons to London, which stocks the market at the present price. Lower the price, the method is plain and easy, the consumption increases in proportion. Nor will the revenue suffer. How far the expedient may save Jamaica in this momentous article of their manufacture, I leave to be explained by gentlemen more intimately acquainted with that island. The rum of Barbados, the Leeward islands, and the government of Granada, does not come to England, except in small portions. It goes in part to Ireland; and all the rest, the great quantity, is distributed chiefly amongst the middle colonies of North America, agreeable to the law of reciprocal exchange. The agreement of those colonies, which is to take place the tenth of next September, extends in words, only to the witholding of all supplies. But it must effect a total suspension of commerce. They will not send their vessels in ballast, to purchase with gold and silver the goods they have been accustomed to receive in exchange for the products of their own soil and industry. It is an idea repugnant to every principle of commerce: it is more; it is