to reduce a particular colony to a real, though temporary distress. Beans, peace, and oats, being capable of a longer resistance against putrefaction, than the Indian corn from North America, the sugar colonies, especially the Leeward islands, who have the fewest internal resources, do therefore make some provision in these articles against that temporary distress; so delicately strained already is the string, which is now threatened with rough and unremitting violence. I purposely forbear other articles of food from Great Britain, intended for the use of people of some condition, hams, cheese, and the like; they belong properly to the general commerce of Great Britain with the West Indies. I confine myself at present to necessary food. Ireland furnishes a large quantity of salted beef, pork, butter, and herrings, but no grain. North America supplies all the rest, both cornand provisions. North America is truly the granary of the West Indies; from thence they draw the great quantities of flour and biscuit, for the use of one class of people, and of Indian corn for the support of all the others; for the support not of man only, but of every animal for the use of man, horses, swine, sheep, poultry. North America also furnishes the West Indies with rice. Rice, a more expensive diet, and less capable of sustaining the body under hard labor, is of a more limited consumption, but is a necessary indulgence for the young, the sick, the weakly, amongst the common people and the negroes. North America not only furnishes the West Indies with bread, but with meat, with sheep, poultry, and some live cattle; but the demand for these is infinitely short of the demand for the salted beef, pork, and fish. Salted fish (if the expression may be permitted in contrast with bread) is the meat of all the lower ranks of people in Barbados, and the Leeward Islands. It is the meat of all the slaves in all the West Indies. Nor is it disdained by persons of better condition. The North American navigation also furnishes the sugar colonies with salt from Turk's Islands, Sal Tortuga and Anguilla; although these islands are themselves a part of the West Indies. The testimony which some experience has enabled me to bear, you will find confirmed, Sir, by official accounts. The same accounts will distinguish the source of the principal, the great supply of corn and provisions. They will fix it precisely in the middle colonies of North America: in those colonies, who have made a public agreement in their congress, to withold all their supplies after the tenth of next September. How far that agreement may be precipitated in its execution, may be retarded, or frustrated, it is for the wisdom of parliament to consider: but if it is persisted in, I am well founded to say, that nothing will save Barbados and the Leeward Islands from the dreadful consequences of absolute famine. I repeat the famine will not be prevented. The distress will