America. And after all, supposing the island had resources within herself, and could, in time, actually supply both lumber and provision in sufficient quantity, it must be remembered that seven-eights of the planters are already deeply in debt to Great Britain, and cannot support the expense of great land carriage, which must unavoidably attend the cutting their own wood, and bringing it to their estates; neither can they obtain credit to make new settlements for the purposes of raising provisions. It follows, therefore, and the fact really is, however fortunate a few individuals may be in respect to the situation of their estates, that the planters in general cannot submit to the necessity of cutting their own lumber, and of raising greater quantities of provisions than the island at present affords, without neglecting, in a proportionate degree, the staple articles of sugar and rum; and I need not point out to the committee, how greatly the trade, revenues and navigation of this country will suffer, by a diminution in the growth and manufacture of these commodities. Q. What do you apprehend will be the consequence to Jamaica, in case the supply of provisions from North America is interrupted? A. I have partly answered that question before. Those plantations which have not good provision grounds for their negroes, will soon be in a starving condition; and even those which have, must suffer greatly; for the negroes are a very thoughtless improvident people: they do not look forward to provide against those evils which too frequently happen; such as droughts which destroy their ground provisions, and gusts of wind which throw down their plantation trees. Those who are in want will steal; when they can no longer steal, and hunger presses, they will take by force. What further consequence may arise, I dread to think of. Q. Are there not places, besides the middle colonies of North America, from whence may be drawn a supply of lumber? A. I apprehend not. Georgia, indeed, furnishes at present, in small quantities, scantling and boards for building, and some few staves. How far that province is capable of increasing the export of these articles, I cannot say; but it must surely be many years before it equals that of all the confederated colonies together. As to Canada, and the two Floridas, the population at the extremities of the continent, is too feeble to promise any great supply from thence. The navigation from Canada is obstructed many months in the year by the ice; but however this may be, these countries do not afford any supply at present; and I believe it is contrary to the known principles of commerce, to expect that any country can yield an adequate supply to a great, an immediate, and unexpected demand. Q. What do you compute the value of the property in that island? A. Twenty four millions sterling. I shall not take up the time of the committee, by a long tedious calculation. In every well appointed property