a fleet, but the consequent expenses they knew not how to defray. An extensive commerce was now very judiciously considered as the only source adequate to such large and continual disbursements. This it was thought, would not only afford a supply of money, sufficient to equip and maintain a powerful navy, but would also be a school or nursery of seamen. ON these considerations, encouragement was given to the persecuted Walloons to remove and settle in England. They very willingly embraced an opportunity of transporting themselves to a land of freedom, and brought with them the Woollen manufactory, which, favored with the countenance and protection of a wise government, soon arrived at great perfection. In pursuance of the same plan, a trade was opened to Turkey, Muscovy, the East Indies, and almost every considerable country in the known world. Under the auspices of the same queen, plantations were begun in AMERICA, and prosecuted with vigor. They at first met with nearly insuperable difficulties; nevertheless, by the indefatigable industry and perseverance of the planters, and the generous assistance of their mother Country, those difficulties were surmounted, and the Colonies brought to a pitch of greatness, that, considering the short time of their growth, is almost incredible. I HAVE taken this retrospect in order to show, that the British Trade, the British Navy, and the British Colonies in America, sprung up together. They are most nearly allied, being children of the same good policy; and it is worthy the notice and attention of every politician, who studies to promote his country's welfare, that as they had their rise at the same time, they have ever since continued to increase and flourish in proportion. Their dependence is mutual, and if either of them be affected, the others sooner or later will feel it in a very sensible manner. GREAT has been my surprise at the ignorance or malevolence of several late productions. The writers of them, either blinded by passion, or employed and instigated by the enemies of the British empire, have endeavored to sow discord and dissension between the Mother Country and her American Colonies. Some have strove to render the colonists suspected, by representing them as an ungrateful, licentious people, aiming at independence, and impatient of any subordination to Great Britain; whilst others, no less enemies to the welfare and prosperity of both, would excite their jealousy, by undervaluing the assistance she has offerded them, and placing her in the light of a cruel Stepmother. I am too well convinced of the good sense of my countrymen, both of Britain and America, to imagine them capable of being deluded by such partial representations, Considering themselves as members of one grand body politic, they will naturally conclude, that the good of the whole must result from a due connection and harmony of all the parts; and from the mutual exchange and intercourse of friendly offices. Nevertheless, as this point seems to have been controverted, a few observations, tending to evince, that a