improvement. than those happy effects which commerce, and the full enjoyment of civil and religious liberty, have so suddenly produced in countries, which were not long since the dreary haunts of savage beasts and savage men. Where ignorance and barbarity frowned over the uncultivated earth, gay fields now smile, bedecked in the yellow robe of full-eared harvest; cities rise majestic to the view; fleets too crowd the capacious harbor with their swelling canvas, and swarms of cheerful inhabitants cover the shore with monuments of their industry, through a long tract of two thousand miles. FROM this general view of the amazing ^ncrease of our American Colonies, A detail of the subject. I naturally proceed to a particular detail of the advantages which are derived from them to the mother country. CERTAIN it is, Advantages of planting colonies. that nothing can contribute more to the flourishing state of any trading nation, than the establishing of settlements in foreign parts. Experience evinces the truth of this. Their American plantations heretofore rendered the Portuguese and Spaniards rich and powerful; and these are now, not only the greatest and constant, but almost the only source of their wealth. Nor have either the French or Dutch been inattentive to this important object. Witness the settlements of the latter in the East Indies, which, by their application to commerce, under the blessings of a moderate government, in a few score years, from the low and distressed states of Holland, rendered them high and mighty. Witness the efforts which France made the last war for the conquest of America, a prize worthy to be contended for by the most powerful nations. The city of Tire, "whose merchants were as princes, and her great men the honorable of the earth," was, like Great Britain, situated upon an island, and like Great Britain, maintained the dominion of the sea by her commerce. The principal seat of her trade, and great source of her wealth, was the noble colony of Carthage, which she founded; the power and naval strength of which was carried to such a height, by means of commerce, that forty years were spent by the Romans, before they were able to subdue this mighty people. Preceptor Vol. 2, On Trade and Commerce. To a nation situated on an island, Particularly to Great Britain. as Great Britain is, accommodated with every convenience for trade, the establishing of foreign plantations to promote her commerce is particularly beneficial, since the inhabitants have no other way of conveying abroad their product and manufactures but by navigation, which breeds seamen, and brings in wealth to maintain them. This renders England considerable by her fleets, respected by her allies, and the scourge of her enemies. Such hands therefore as are employed for those useful purposes, deserve all kind of encouragement, for on the pillars of her commerce depend the safety and strength of England. ONE of the most considerable advantages therefore, One of the most considerable. which Great Britain derives from her American