Slaves, and private property, or mere chattels. THE glorious system of the gospel destroys all narrow, national partiality; and makes us citizens of the world, by obliging us to profess universal benevolence: but more especially are we bound, as christians, to commiserate and assist to the utmost of our power all persons in distress, or captivity; whatever the worshipful committee of the company of merchants trading to Africa, may think of it, or their advocate, the reverend Mr. Thompson. CHARITY, indeed, begins at home; and we ought most certainly to give the preference to our own countrymen, whenever we can do so without injustice; but we may " not do evil that good may come;" (though our statesmen, and their political deceivers may think otherwise) we must not, for the sake of Old-England, and its African Trade, or for the supposed advantage, or imaginary necessities of our American colonies, lay aside our christian charity, which we owe to all the rest of mankind: because, whenever we do so, we certainly deserve to be considered in no better light than as an overgrown society of robbers, a mere banditti, who, perhaps, may love one another, but at the same time are at enmity with all the rest of the world. Is this according to the law of nature? -- For shame Mr. Thompson! I HAVE much more to communicate, but no more time to write: -- if I had, I could draw from the scriptures the most alarming examples of God's severe judgments upon the Jews, for tyrannizing over their brethren, and, expressly, for exceeding the limits of servitude just now mentioned. I must find time however to adopt one observation even from the reverend Mr. Thompson, (p. 11) viz. This subject will grow more serious upon our hands, when we consider the buying and selling Negroes, not as a clandestine or piratical business, but as an open public trade, encouraged and promoted by acts of parliament; for so, if being contrary to religion, it must be deemed a national sin; and as such may have a consequence that would be always to be dreaded. May God give us grace to repent of this abominable national oppression, before it is too ate! If I have vindicated the law of Moses, much easier can I vindicate the benevolent apostle Paul, from Mr. Thompson's insinuations, with respect to Slavery; for he did not entreat Philemon to take back his servant Onesimus "in his former capacity," as Mr. Thompson has asserted, in order to render Bondage consistent with the principles of revealed religion, -- but St. Paul said expressly, not now as a servant, but, above a servant, a brother beloved, etc. So that Mr. Thompson has notoriously wrested St. Paul's words. IN the other texts where St. Paul recommends submission to Servants, for conscience sake, he at the same time enjoins the master to entertain such a measure of brotherly love toward his Servants, as must be entirely subversive of the African trade,