they were only punished with transportation. To prove the sac, two witnesses were deemed neceifary, with corroborating cir curftances." CHAPTER IV lmeans of obtaining Slaves in Africa obfervations thereon,,. to a direat and immediate Abolition of the Trade by the British Nation only the Consequences of such a Meafiire con fidered difproportion of Sexes in the Negroes annually imported from Africa mode of transporting Negroes , and Regulations recently eftabliihed by Aa of Parliament efforts of those Regulations. IN calculating the supplies of negroes which might probably be collected from Africa by the various modes which are said to be used for that purpose, we cannot assign a greater number than 74, 000oo individuals. It is left, therefore, to inquire by what means the remaining number are obtained. In answer to this inquiry, it has been stated by those who are nmop minutely acquainted with the slave trade , that not only the people upon the coast, but also those in the interior of Africa , are subjected to unli nmited tyranny either of a monarchical or aristocratical kind; on which account the fubjeeted slave very frequently, as a punishment for his crimes, is taken to the Guinea merchant , and if refused, is put to death. Those fathers who are free themselves, have unlimited power over their children; but in the few instances where such power is converted to a bad purpose, the public deteltation is very strong against the vender of his children. The free man himself may, by many circumstances, be degraded to the rank of a slave ; fuchl as debt, adultery, and the imaginary crime of obi or witchcraft; and in cafes of this nature, the friends of the accused are involved in a common fate. The above account has been given bv a number of witreffes; but their evidence is disputed in many points by witnesses no less respectable. It has been allerted by Mr. Penny, among others, that except in the inf ance of delinquency, the African mailer is not allowed to take his slave to the market; and that by intelline war the greater proportion is procured. But Mr. Edwards, by the tetlimony of eve ral negroes , whom. he examined under such circutm ilances as leave no doubt that their evidence could be false, seems to have fubitantiated very diltinc.ly the former allegation; namely, that the power and the pradcice of selling slaves , without the imputation of a crime, is common among the African maers ". We have subjoined a few of the relations of those who were ex: : Adam, a Congo boy, who was stolen i'rom his father's house, and who, after being marched down the country for the space of a, month, was sold from one black merchant to another, sometimes for one article, and sometimes for another, till he came into the !ands of the Guinea trader . Quaw and Qamina, two brothers, aged 18 and 20, from the (Gold Coast, on being asked the cause of their beilng sofd, replied', 'hat their mailer was in debt, and that they were sold to relieve him. Afiba, a Gold Coast girl, was sold by her master, along with ome others, for a quantity of linen and other articles. Yamoufa, a Chambie youth, was sold by his possessor, along with : 3 C for a gun and some other articles. 7, Mr. Edwards examined 25 young persons of both iexes, of whom 15 confessed they had been born to slavery in their own country , and five said they had been kidnapped from home; and it appeared by the accounts of the other five that they had been the prisoners of internal war. It must be observed, that the evidence of these negroes is highly creditable, from its being taken by Mr. Edwards at various times, so that he had an opportunity of discovering if they enlarged upon the truth by the inconfilfency of their narrations. Such are the means by which the West India islands are supplied with their African slaves . Every feeling mind will no doubt regret the exifi ence of a commerce which devotes so many human beings to be expatriated and enslaved; but our horror is auaged to remember, that of these the greater proportion only exchange to a milder ilavery. That the trade encourages a spirit of rapine among the natives cannot be denied; at the same time it deserves consideration, whether partially Oliver, from Afientee, aged about 22, was the Tonne of a free carpenter, and had been taken prisoner in an attack of the Frankces. He was transferred through the hands of six black merchants before he was sold to the fhipmaft : r. Esther, a girl from the Ebo country , relates, That she lived aboul a day's journey from the seacoast; but being on a visit to her grand mother, the village was attacked by a body of negroes (she know not of what nation ), her grandmother, with the other aged persons 'were put to death, and herself tken to the coafi, and sold. and suddenly to abolifll the exifience of the commerce would not be productive of real disadvantages, in place of efifecing the end deiired by thole who are eager for such strong and speedy measures?? solving this important question, we mull take into view, not only the situation of the slaves in Africa , but of those already in the Well Indies . In the sirs place, It is fllce reasoning to suppose that Britain, withdrawing her flhare from tlhe general demand, will effect a decrease of the quantity brought to the market; for although in other kinds of commerce the supply is generally regulated by the demand, yet in this inllance the rule will not hold. When two African Itates are at war, the captives are dealt with in proportion to their strength and appearance. The old and infirm are massacred on the spot; such as are able to travel a long journey are led to the seacoast, and of these all who are rejected are immediately