percent. ad valorem, for exported goods, at the time of entry. It was stipulated by the same at, That any person, for the paymert of an additional duty of ten percent. for the goods imported , should have the still more extensive privilege of trading between Cape Blanco and Cape Mount. The product of there duties was destined for the good of the company . This law gave general discontent, and innumerable petitions were presented against it. The company prophesied their own ruin, and their fears were likely to be verified; fbr they had declined so prodigiously in 739, that the Parliament were obliged to vote o, ocol. annually for the space of nine years *. In the year 750, after undergoing so many changes, the African slave trade assumed a new aspect. A law was pased for its encouragement and improvement, of which it is needless to detail the particulars, as the act may be consulted. I shall now proceed to give a brief account of the countries with which this traffic is maintained. From Loango, St. Paul's in Angola, to Cape Blanco, extends this line of coast to the length of 1300 English leagues. In the province of Senegambia the Britifl have an eftablinlnent. It is watered by the rivers Gambia, navigable for many hundred miles up the country , and inhabited by the Mandingoes. * In the year I 744, the grant was 20, 0001. which malies up thle sum of ico, cool. granted by Parliament for the support of the flave trade . From Roxo to Appollonia, the fettlenents re principally Portuguese. The natives are called Manr dingoes, though diffeient in language. From Appollonia to the river Volta, the Gold Coast extends for icoo miles, and is divided into a number of petty tfates. Shantee, Akim, and A quambou, three large kingdoms, of which little is known, form the inland country . Over all this coast the language is pretty imilar. The natives are denominated the Koromantees, from Koroman tyne, a factory very respectable while it remained in poffellion of the English, but fallen into insignificance since it was taken by the Dutch. The next division is the Whidaw country , by some denominated the Gold Coast Proper. From Popo, a principality in this division, the natives of Whidaw are, by the Britifl traders , commonly de. nominated Papaws. Next to this is the great empire of Benin, beginning on the west bank of the river Lagos, and extending as far as Cape Lopez. The negroes on this coap: are in general denominated Eboes. A particular tribe are distinguished by the name Mocoes. The language of these is different from any other on the coast. To the southward of the river Congo, the Portuguese have considerable possessions. They have built and frongly fortified the city of Loango, St. Paul's, and, extending their commerce to the eafterr coatz, travel with caravans quite across the country In reckoning the forts and fadtories established bj , t European settler, we shall find the following number possessed by the following nations : By the Dutch, - '5 - the British, - 40 - the Portuguese, - 4 - the Danes, - 4 - the French, - 3 From Britain there is continual exportation to Africa of woollens, linens; Sheffield, Birmingham, and Manchester goods; silks, cottons, clothes, arms, powder, hot, wrought brass and copper, and several other commodities, which annually return to England about 8oo, oool. There is an immunity of trading in few places of Africa . Wherever a brifi trade is kept up, the king, or chief man of the di fric, claims a duty upon all exports . The exchange of commodities is managed in different ways. Sometimes the Britith purchaser comes up to the house of the black merchant , but more frequently the ship is macke the marketplace. The satories eilablifl ed on the coali undertake to procure cargoes for their own vessels; and the officers of the forts also, accordiing to their circumstances and ability, sell slaves to the Guinea traders in private bargains; but the natives themselves bring slaves cheaper to market than any in the Britihf eflabliihments. Previous to the exchange which takes place between the European and the African trader , there is a continued chain of merchants at different distances, up the country , who send them down T to each others hands, from distant places, yet unexplored by any white. Though the trade upon the coast is regular and constant, I am sorry that, from deficiency of accounts, I have not been able to procure a precise estimate of all the Africans who have been, since the first commencement of these settlements, transported into the British West Indies . I shall, however, lay before the reader all the information I have been able to collet; and he may probably be enabled, by his sagacity, to guess at a number not very remote from fact. It has been strongly asserted by the enemies of thq slave trade , and never denied by its abettors, that, from 6c8 and 17co, no less than 3o, ooo Africans were reduced to slavery by Britifl merchants . From the latter period till i76, there were taken from Africa in all 6o, ooo into the ingle island of Jamaica. A proper estimation may be formed in the reader's mind of the number exported , during the same period, to the southern provinces of North AMERICA, as well as the Windward Islands. Reckoning on thcle grounds, we may safely fix the whole number of negroes impoted tronm 6, 6 till 1786, at 2. 1 30, cc. '1 this is a ih'ailer calculation than is usually made, but I apprehend it is founded in truth. It eems, that before the period of the American war, the slave trade had come to its highest pitch. The following has been given to the public as an accurate account of the fiips which sailed from England to the coast of Africa , in 1771, and of the slaves , for which they were provided. Its authenti. city I believe unimpeachable.