in extirpating these unhappy people, that negroes were found indispensably necessary, and permission to import them was again restored. Twelve years after, at, the instance of Bartholomew, a man hlofe philanthropy engaged himr very cordially to befriend and protect the Indians, a patent was granted entitling certain persons to import annually 4000 negroes int. the Spanifl Well Indies . Las Casas is accused of inconfillency in thus alleviating the miseries of one race of men at the expense of another. But let it be remembered, that imilar evils inflicted upon different individuals will not produce invariably the same degree of hardflhip. Las Casts saw with grief and indignation the deplorable calamities of ihe unfriended Indians. He beheld a once happy and an innocent people, who had never known calamity till it was infliced by the hands of Europeans, reduced in a fiort time from I, ooo, ooo to 60, ooo individuals. He compaffionated their slavery the more because they had known better days, and were unaccustomed to the talks that were imposed. He calculated, therefore, very wisely, when he advised the avaricious Spaniards, since their minds must be kept in employment, rather to devote a hardy and lavage people, accutomed to the severest tyranny at home, to the talk, than those to whom oppression was rew, and whose minds were too delicate for 1lavery. The negroes imported from Africa were, from their earliest years, the objects of severity, and their tempers had been consequently inured to the pain of it, and their bodies were, besides, of a firmer texture than those inhabitants of a delicious cli mrate, to whom the fiuits of the earth sprung up ilinoft fpontaneoully. Las Casas could not be ex Sij peeled, unless endowed with inspiration, to calculate the future effects of the traffic, and his conducs was therefore as hmane as it was judicious. John Hawkins was at that time in the service of Elizabeth, by whom he was afterwards knighted. Understanding that Ilaves fetched good price at Hispaniola, he was tempted to set sail with a fleet of three ships , one of 120, another of Ioo, and one of 40 tonnes burden. His armamcnt was manned with ico men. He set out for Guinea, Odcbtber ..562, and landing at Sierra Leone, by the mo' horrid and unjustifiable means colleced o slaves . Touching at Hispaniola, he made a profitable CX -- change, and returned to England after i months absence. The ollowing year he sailed with six ships , among which was the Jesus of 70o tonnes, and being joined in his voyage by two others, proceeded to Guinea. After some difaiters, he landed at Cape de Verde on the African coast. Here he laid snares for the natives, whom the hiftoian of this voyage represents as " a gentle and loving people; " but the crew of the Minion, probably flhccked at the unmanly method he took to procure his cargo , gave a private warning to the unfufpeing natives; and Hawkins watched for them in vain. The admiral then parted from the Minion, and proceeded o the Island Alcatras. One of the two ships lwho Joi; : ed itivkins after lie had pi; to .a, Here the English again tried their snares to in. veigle the Africans, but they avoided them. They followed them in vain with their firearms, for they retired into the woods. Disappointment forced them to proceed to another island called Sambula, The natives of this island, it appears, were cannibals; and the English, humzanely determining to punish their cruelty , burnt and destroyed their villages with great zeal. The natives, however, were too nimble for their search, escaping all their pur sit S. Leaving the further particulars of this gallant admiral's exploits upon the African illore, we proceed to remark, that the French and Portuguese at this time maintained a contract with the natives to supply them with slaves . Their conduct was more humane , for they only bargained for such of the natives as were slaves already, and who were occasionally used as a repafl to the natives. Hawkins (unprincipled villain!) made a third piratical voyage ; but, by the mercy of Heaven, pcriflcd, with all his gang, in the attempt. In 6i18, a company of merchants in London obtained a patent for exclusive trade . They were obliged, however, to abandon their project, from the scantiness of the profits which accrued from their expeditions. Under Charles I. it was again granted to another application, and the profits turned out to be more considerable. But their success at tracing notice, others embarked in an illicit traffic, and interlopers of all nations pouring in upon the coast, this monopoly was abandoned, and never continued till 1662. Ten years after this period, no less a sum than Il, oool. were raised in nine months by the subscribers, for constituting a company ; a third of which sum was devoted to the purpose of building forts upon the coast. One immediate benefit that resulted from this eftabliflment, was the creation of manufactures at home. The Dutch had formerly supplied the Guinea traders with all the frores'for the voyage ; but woollen goods and several other important articles of traffic were now produced in Britain for their supply. They exported these to the value of 70, col. per annum. But the prosperity of this company was of short duration. Among other benefits of the Revolution, the abolition of all monopolies, the gifts of the crown, was obtained. The trade to Africa became free, and the adventurers who embarked in it were numerous. For some time, however, the merchants , who had been disappointed in their profpes of wealth, attempted to maintain the continuation of their monopoly, till, by an ad of William and Mary, their right, which before had been virtually, was now expressly cancelled. It was by this a declared lawful for any of his Majesty's liege ifbjeds to trade from Africa to the plantations in America, between Cape Mount and the Cape of Good Hope, upon conditions of paying ten