CHARA.BEE ISLANDS. CHAPTER I. BARBADOS. Firt Arrival of the English on this Island. Origin, Progress, and Termination of the Proprietary Government. Revenue granted to the Crown. Orighi of the A of Navigation. Situation and Extent of the Island. Soil and Produce. Population. Its Decline. Exports and Imports , - 8 CHAPTER II GRENADA AND IS DSPENDENCIES. Discovery and Inhabitants. French Invasion in so. txte' mination of the Natives. The Island conveyed to the Count de Ccrillac. Mifcondu& of the Deputy governor. The Colony reverts to the Crown of France. Captured by the En glifl. Claim of the Crown to lay a Duty of 4- percent. on Produce exported . Decision of the Court of King's Bench on this Point. Tranfafions within the Colony. Internal Dissensions. French Invasion, i779. Brave Defence, and unconditional Surrender of the Garrison. Flardthips exercised towards the English Planters. Restored to Britain by the Peace. Present State of the Colony, - - CHAPTER III St. Vincent's and its Dependents, and Dominica, _ O ro Page. CHAPTER IV Leeward Charaibbean Island Government, comprehending St. Christopher's, Nevis, Antigua, Montserrat, and the Virgin Iflandst History and Description of each. Exports . Profits of the 41 percent. Duty. Conclusion of the History, I 14 BOOK IV CHAPTER I. Summary account of the Inhabitants of the several Islands, Classes. Emigrants from Great Britain and Ireland. Pre don: nant Character of the European Residents. Creoles, or Natives. Effet of Climate. Character of the Creole Women and Children. Of the People of Colour, and the different Casts or Tribes. Restrictions on the Free Blacks and Mulattoes. Their Character at length, - 12: CHAPTER II Of Negroes in a State of Slavery . Preliminary Observations. Origin of the Slave Trade . Portuguese Settlement on the African Coast. Negroes introduced at Hifpniola. Haw kinss Voyage . African Company established by James the First. Charters granted. Description of the African Coast. Forts and Satories. Exports from Great Britain. Number of Negroes who are at present exported to the British Colonies. State of the Trade from 1771 to 1787. Number of Negroes at this Time exported annually to the different Nations of Europe, - - - CHAPTER III Mandingoes, or Natives of the Windward Coast. Muslims. Their Wars, Manners, and Persons. K oromantyn Negroes , or Negroes of the Gold Coast. Their Ferociousness of Disposition displayed in an Account of the Negro Rebellion in Jamaica in 1760. Their National Manners, Wars, and Sn Iage perflitions. Natives of Whidaw or Fida. Their Good Qualities. Natives fi-om Benin. Persons and Tempers. Cannibals. Natives of Congo and Angola. Survey of the Characters and Difpoitions of Negroes in a State of Slavery , 151 CHAPTER IV Mieans of obtaining Slaves in Africa . Observations thereon. objeetions to a diret and immediate Abolition of the Trade by the British Nation only. The Cfcqeiiences of such a Measure considered. Disproportion of Sexes in the Negroes annually imported from Africa . Mode of transporting Negroes , and Regulations rcently eftabliffed by at of Parlia nent. Effects ofthofe Regulations, -- 76 CHAPTER V Arrival and Sale in tle West Indies . Negroes newly purchased. How difpoled of and employed. Detail of tl.e anagement of Negroes on a Sugar Plantation Mode of obtaining them; Houses, Clothing, and Medical Care. Abuses. Late Regulations for their Protection and Security. Causes of their Annual Decrease. Polygamy, c. Slavery in its mildest Form unfriendly to Population. General Observations. Proposals for the further meliorating the Condition of Slaves , with which the subjet concludes, - 186 BOOK V AGR IC UL TUR E. CHAPTER I. Sugarcane. Known to the Ancients. Conjcetures concerning its Introduction into Europe. Conveyed from Sicily to the Azores, c. in the Isth Century, and from thence to the Weit Indies . Evidence that Columbus himself carried it from the Canary Islands to Hispaniola. Summary of Labat's Reasoning to show that it was found growing spontaneously in the West Indies . Both Accounts reconciled. Botanical Name Ib Page. and Description. Soils best adapted for its Cultivation, and their Varieties dcfcrihed. Use and Superiority of the Plough. Method of Boiling and Planting, - - 201 CHAPTER II Crop Time, the Season of Health and Feltivity. Mills for grinding the Canes. Of the Cane juice and its component Parts. Process for obl iiling Raw or Mufcavedo Sugar . Melaffes, and its Disposal. Process of making Clayed Sugar . Of Rum, Still houfe and Stills. Cisterns and their Ingredients. Vindward Island Process. Jamaica Method of Double Distillation. Due Quantity of Rum fromn a given Quantity of Sweets afccrtainlcd and itated, - - 20 CHAPTER III Capital necessary in the Settlement or Purchase of a Sugar Plantation of a given Extent. The Lands, Buildings, and Stock separately considered. Particulars and Cofi. Gross Returns from the Properties Annual Dilburfements. Ntt Profits, various contianent Charges not taken into the Account. Difference not commonly attended to in the Way of estimating the Profits of an English Estate and one in the Wet Indies . Infurarce of West India Estates in the Time of War, and other occasional dedu&ions. The Qeftion, why the Cultivation of the Sugar Islands continues under f many Disco': - ragen; rs..t, considered and discussed, - 22 C CHAPTER IV Of the minur Staple Commodities, viz. Cctten, its Growth and various Species. Mode of Cultivation and Risks attending it. Imports of this Article into Great Britain, and the Profits accruing from the manufaiures produced by it. Indigo, its Cultivation and manufa&ctre. Opulence of the first Indigo Planters in Jamaica, and Reflections concerning the Decline of this Branch of Cultivation in that Iand. Coffee, whether that es the West Indies is equal to the Mocha. Situation and Page. Soil. Exorbitant Duty to which it was fbjeft in Great Britain. Approved Method of cultivating the Plant and curing the Berry. Efltiate of the annual Expenses and Returns of a Coffee Plantation . Cacao, Ginger, Arnotto, Aloes, and Pimento,.... 229 BOOK VI GOYERNMENT AND COMMERCE . CHAPTER I. Colonial Eftabiiflmnents. Of the Captain-general, or Chief Governor; his Powers and Privileges. Some Reflections on the General Choice of Persons for this High Office. Lieute nant general, Lieutenant