it cannot, and by the seducers I am afraid it will not, be effected. To the humane dispositions of these people of colour, the nmoft agreeable teitimony is given by a refpeaable author, Don Antonio de Ulloa, when speaking of the forlorn and friendless circumfiances to which many poor Europeans are reduced (who, emigrating to the Spanifl West Indies in hopes of better fortune, can find no means of fibfitence). Many of these (fays the Spaniard) traverse the fircets till they have nothing left to purchase food or lodgings. Wearied with going in quest of employment, affected by the disappointment of their hopes, and the unfavourable change of climate, they retire, sick and melancholy, to lie down in the squares of churches and porticoes. The people of colour here display their generosity, when the rich and selfish merchant refuses his mite to relieve their miseries, The mulatto and the negro pitying their afflictions, carry them home to their houses; they nourifi, comfort, and restore the poor sufferer, and if they lie, say prayers for their souls. Such is the pleating account of the generosity of the mulattoes of Carthagena, and any one acquainted with those of the other West Indies will not hesitate to ascribe the same character to them which we have here afiigned to the former. In treating of the Creoles or natives of the West Indies , and of the mulattoes or those of mixed blood, we have confined ourselves to those who are either partially or entirely white. We should now treat of the free blacks in a distinct chapter, were there any striking dissimilarity between these and the blacks in a slate of slavery . Our next chapter, therefore, is appropriated to the consideration of the negro characer in general. cz CHAPTER II Of Negroes in a State of Slavery preliminary Observations, Origin of the Slave Trade portuguefe Settlement on the African Coait negroes introduced at Hifpaniola hawkins Voyage african Company etablifled by James the Firll Charters granted defcription of the African Coaft fortd and f/aories exports from Great Britain number of Negroes who are at present exported to the Britifll Colonies state of the Trade from 77i to 1787-number of Negroes at this Time exported annually to the different Nations of Europe. rthe number of negroes at present in the British West Indies is no less than 450, 00o. To contemplate the subjection of so many of our species to the absolute disposal of others, is no very pleasing profpec; and the picture is heightened in its deformity when we reflect on the numbers of those who, from their native soil, their homes and their friends, have been dragged into this degrading condition. Yet, however odious and improper the traffic may be, it is evident that the trade may be bad, and yet the possessor of the slaves be guiltless of the crimes with whicll it has been faflhionable of late years to load him; and accordingly, whatever malice I may excite among those whose indignation is too zealous to feled the just victims of indignation, I shall confider myself jutlifiable in attempting to rescue from unmerited opprobrium the characters of those who are at this time subjected to topular condemnation. By what reans have the greater part of the pofieffors of slaves in the Welt Indies come into their ellates? By inheritance, and by accident. It may be said that they flould abandon their property, when they find that the pofeffilon of it is not to be justified by humanity . This has in fact been done. Humane men in Britain, influenced by the universal sympathy for the real or supposed injuries of the African negro , sent out orders to the fators of their Weff India pofiffions to enfianchifl the slaves upon their efates. 'hey have, however, been since convinced that such well meant benevolence is not even confilent with the interest of the slaves themselves. The Society eftabli(hed in Great Britain for Propagating the Gospel in Foreign Parts, are alib pofle fors of estates in the Weit Indies , as a colledtive body . The feelings of these men were as sensibly alive to the sufferings of their fellow creatures as any other Christians; and if they had considered it as the real benefit of the negro to be immediatelyz emancipated , they would doubtlef have thought i their moult sacred duty to have done so. But, upon serious and mature deliberation, their judgement convinced them to the contrary, and they have been allo obliged, in order to divide the work, to purchase others, and keep them in the same itua tion. The sole object of investigation ought then to be, is the condut of the West India planters to their flares, considering the ordinary dcfect of human I power, orfe than the usage of a master to his servants fiould properly be? We fnall now proceed to lay before the reader ornme account of the origin and existing slate of the slave trade . The following chapter shall contain an account of the negro , his character and disposition, of their conveyance to, and treatment in the Wcl Indies ; after which I shall take notice of the abuses which are. said to exist in the pracice of the trade . Under the celebrated Prince Henry of Portugal, in 1442, the first African slaves were carried from home by Europeans. Anthony Gonzales had captured two moors near Cape Bojador, and brought them home; but being ordered by his Prince to restore them to Africa , he sold them at the Rio del Ora, and received from the moors ten blacks and `ome gold dust. The avarice of the Portuguese was awakened by this successful exchange, and a traffic was begun on a large scale. Forty years the King of Portugal afflumed the title of Lord of Guinea. As far back as 1502 we hear of negroes employed in the mines of Hispaniola. Ovando, indeed, forbade their importation on account of the wickedness they taught the Indians; but so busy were the Spaniards