debts; and with regard to any other agreement which it might be thought proper to make with them concerning those debts. In 173, their affairs were in so great disorder, that they were altogether incapable of maintaining their forts and garrisons, the sole purpose and pretext of their institution. From that year, till their final dissolution, the parliament judged it necessary to allow the annual sum of ten thousand pounds for that puipofe. In 1732, after having been for many years losers by the trade of carrying negroes to the West Indies , they at last resolved to give it up altogether; to sell to the private traders to America the negroes which they purchased upon the coast; and to employ their servants in a trade to the inland parts of Africa for gold dust, elephants teeth, dying drugs, chut their success in this more confined trade was not greater than in their former extensive one. Their affairs continued to go gradually to decline, till at last, being in every refpet a bankrupt company , they were dissolved by a of parliament , and their forts and garrisons vested in the present regulated company of merchants trading to Africa . Before the erection of the Royal African Company , there had been three other joint stock companies successively eftablilbed, one after another, for the African trade . They were all equally unsuccessful. They all, ail, however, had exclusive charters which, though not confirmed by at of parliament , were in those days supposed to convey a real exclusive privilege. THE Hudson's Bay Company , before their misfortunes in the late war, had been much more fortunate than the Royal African Company . Their necessary expense is much smaller. The whole number of people whom they maintain in their different settlements and habitations, which they have honoured with the name of forts , is said not to exceed one hundred and twenty persons. This number, however, is iufficient to prepare beforehand the cargo of furs and other goods necessary for loading their ships , which, on account of the ice, can seldom remain above six or eight weeks in those seas. This advantage of having a cargo ready prepared, could not for several years be acquired by private adventurers, and without it there seems to be no possibility of trading to Hudson's Bay. The moderate capital of the company , which, it is said, does not exceed one hundred and ten thousand pounds, may besides be sus ficient to enable them to engross the whole, or almost the whole, trade and surplus produce of the miserable, though extensive country , comprehended within their charter. No private adventurers, accordingly, have ever attempted to trade to that country in competition with them. This company , therefore, have always enjoyed an exclusive trade in sac, though they may have no right to it in law. Over and above all this, the moderate capital of this company is said to be divided among a very fiall number of proprietors. But a joint stock company , consisting of a finall number of proprietors, with a moderate capital, approaches very nearly to the nature of a private copartnery, and may be capable of nearly the same degree of vigilance and attention. It is not to be wondered at, therefore, if, in consequence of there different advantages, the Hudson's Bay Company had, before the late war, been able to carry on their trade with a considerable degree of success. It does not seem probable, however, that their profits ever approached to what the late Mr. Dobbs imagined them. A much more sober and judicious writer, Mr. Anderson, author of The Historical and Chronological Deduction of Commerce , very justly observes, that upon examining the accounts which Mr. Dobbs himself has given for several years together, of their exports and imports , and upori making 26t making proper allowances for their extraordinary rifle and expense, it does not appear that their profits deserve to be envied, or that they can much, if at all, exceed the ordinary profits of trade . THE South Sea Company never had any forts or garrisons to maintain, and therefore were entirely exempted from one great expense, to which other joint stock companies for foreign trade are subje&t. But they had an immense capital divided among an immense number of pro, prietors. It was naturally to be expecd, therefore, that folly, negligence, and profusion should prevail in the whole management of their affairs. The knavery and extravagance of their ftock jobbing projects are iufficiently known, and the explication of them would be foreign to the present subjec. Their mercantile projects were not much better conduced. The first trade which they engaged in was that of supplying the Spanifl West Indies with negroes , of which (in consequence of what was called the Affiento contra granted them by the treaty of Utrecht) they had the exclusive privilege. But as it was not expected that much profit could be made by this trade , both the Portuguese and French companies , who had enjoyed it upon the same terms before them, having been ruined by it, they were allowed, as compensation, to send annually a ship of a certain burden to trade diretly to the Spa nilh West Indies . Of the ten voyages which this annual ship was allowed to make, they are taid to have gained considerably by one, that of the royalcaroline in 1731, and to have been losers, more or less, by almost all the rest. Their ill success was imputed, by their facors and agents, to the extortion and oppression of the Spanish government; but was, perhaps, principally owing to the profusion and depredations of those very factors and agents; some of whom are said to have' acquired great fortunes even in one year. In 1734, the company petitioned the king, that they might be allowed to dispose of the trade and tunnage of their annual lhip, on account of the little profit which they made by it, and to accept of such equivalent as they could obtain from the king of Spain.