transit of the negroes from Africa to the West Indies , so much mi ery condenled into so little room, it is hardly possible for those to conceive who never gasped in the tainted air of a slave shin, under the heat of a vertical fun." The detail of that situation was said to be too horrible and nauseous for repetition: they presented , therefore, a silent picure of it to the eye, which had a powerful es set upon the public the feion of a lave jzi,, showing the manner of flowing the wretched negroes on board, where, in the clole package of airless holes, they often endurec every degree of pain, disease, and filth, rhat is terrible or loathsome to na turf. The mort: lity, in consequence, was arirmed to be enormous about 50 percent., whil'i is ten times.the amount of deaths in ordinary situations. "Did [ 141 ], Did there," it was said, " exist a necessity (as our interested luxury uses the word necessity) for this cfuel traffic for the cultivation of our West india islands, even that necessity would not justify the continuation of a trade so repugnant to justice; but no such necessity exists, and the abolition of the slave trade is as recoucileable to our true political interests as it is consonant to the eternal principles of right, of conscience and humanity ." "The interest of the planters," it was argued, " was hurt by the excessive loss of the imported slaves into the West Indies , and the very great expense in renewing them. This is owing to a variety of causes, which would not occur if the culture of the islands were carried on by any other mode. The inequality of the sexes, the disorders contracted in the middle passage , the profligacy of their manners, the natural oonfequence of that neglc in point of initrueion to which a flive must always be subject, who is considered as a beast of labour rather than a moral agent; the ill treatment they receive, particularly the females in a state of pregnancy, or of nursing [ 142 ] nursing their infants, from their malters, or fill more from their managers or overseers; the scanty allowance of provisions to which they were often stinted. All these evils," it was said, " would be prevented, or lessened, by the salutary necessity, which the abolition of the African market would impose, of a proper degree of care, attention, and mild treatment of the negroes . Besides the probable intro duetion of cattle and machinery, instead of slaves , in the culture of the plantations , the stock of negroes , if negroes mutl be used, may be profitably kept up without importation : it is so in America, where, from good treatment and a certain degree of domestication, their increaie has been great and rapid; and even in the West Indies , notwithftalding all the causes which still subsist for their decrease, most of which the abolition would remove, that decrease has gradually, from the late improvements in their treatment, diminished; and in some of the lait years the native slaves in several of the islands have actually increased, the decrease being only oi the imported slaves ." "If 1 143 ] If we feel not for the unhappy Africans," it was said, " yet we may be touched with the distresses of our own seamen. To them this traffic is nearly as mortal as to the negroes : and besides the lo's by death, seamen often fall a sacrifice to the vengeance and retaliation of the Afiicans on the coast, or to the villainy and covetoufiels of the masters of the slave ships after the disposal of their cargoes in the West Indies , who being obliged, for their iafcty on the passage thither, to have a greater number of hands than is necessary for their homew ard voyage , take every opportunity of leaving part of their crew in the islands, or oblige them by ill usage to desert from their ships , when they often perish miserably from disease and want. Such are its effets on our marine, one of the grounds on which those who argued for the trade thought themselves firong. It has been defended as a nursery of seamen -- it is, in fa, their dishonourable grave.' "If feeling its consequences in point of justice and humanity we are to condescend to compute its advantages in a coni mercial [ i44 ] mercial view, those boasted advantages will be found to have been greatly overrated. In Liverpool, considered as the very centre of this commerce , it forms but a thirtieth part of the export trade , and is but a sort of lottery, profitable indeed to individuals, but rather a losing trade on the whole. But if this inhuman traffic in men were abolished, Africa has many other articles for which a much more lucrative trade might be carried on: even in its present situation that country affords there; but their increase would be infinite, if, instead of the idleness, the vice, the murders, we teach them by the slave trade , we taught them, by the communication and reciprocal advantages of an honest traffic, the habits of industry, and the arts of agriculture and of manufactures." The opposers of the abolition lay under many disadvantages which the natural, it may be said the laudable, prejudices of mankind, the completion of their arguments, and the appearance of partiality which their interest in the question threw upon those arguments, neccfiarily created. They endeavoured to appeal to the sober under[ [ ] understanding, to the cool deliberate prudence of the House, and cautioned it against the dangerous consequences which the Legislature's yielding to this momentary ebullition of romantic humanity might produce. "Justice, they argued, is antecedent to compassion, and the rights of property are as sacred as those of humanity . The property vested in the West india islands, was so vested under the fan'tion of numberless ads of the British Legislature, deliberately, and some of them recently passed, several of