made on the present extent of the plantations , and on the tfate of the flock in ordinary years; they make no provision for thole difafirous seasons in which hurricanes or epidemic diseases desolate the islands. They add to these na turzl evils the profpec: of remediless bankruptcy and ruin to the proprietors; for a West india estate is but a sort of manu faature, : [ '' 3 faeure, and a prohibition to recruit the number of the hands employed in it, is a virtual confiscation of the property." "Equally fallacious are those methods of culture which the theory of those who argue for the abolition have pointed out to the planters. Repeated attempts have been made of cultivating the plantations by whites, and even great encouragements held out by the colonial assemblies for that purpose; but even with those encouragements the attempt was found impraiti cable. The same thing has happened with the experiments anxiously made of culture by cattle and machinery; but those things which their experience has long ago found impossible, the confident theorists of this new system hold out as eafi and even profitable." The ill treatment of the slaves in the West Indies was confidently affirmed to be neither general nor common; and appeals were made on that subjecto the testimony of some of the moult refpe&table cha ra&ers in the army and navy of Great Britain, some of whom had resided long in the islands, and had the belt opportunity of [ 152 ] of witnessing the treatment of the negroes . The fa was said to be, that they were not only mildly and humanely treated, but that they enjoyed a greater degree of ease and comfort than the common labourers in many parts of Britain. Instances of barbarity might no doubt be found; but such were known daily to happen in England, where apprentices have died under the cruelty of their matiers; but the law did not therefore proposed to abolish apprenticeship. Some of the opponents of the trade allowed a great improvement in the treatment of negroes in later times, and founded on the increase occasioned by it, an argument againt the necessity of importation ; - "' Suffer them then, it was said, to benefit by this gradual and progressive improvement, and do not, with rash and unadvised hand, cut off the chance of future prosperity in the planters, and of the consequent melioration in the state of their negroes , whose situation must always be proportionate to the flourishing or distressed situation of their mailers." To some of these arguments in defence of the present system it was replied, " that grant[ [ ] granting Africa to be in a state of as much barbarity as was teprefented, that barbarity was maintained and increased by the trade in question. That if the other branches of commerce , of which that country Is susceptible, were encouraged, which would be the natural effea of the abolition of the slave trade , indufrry and civilization would take place of those savage manners which were now made an excuse for our own guilt and inhumanity, to which their continuance was chiefly to be ascribed." The conclusion drawn from the interest of the slave merchant and the planter prompting their good treatment of the slaves , was repelled as contrary to all experience and knowledge of human nature. " Interest, it was said, has hever been able to control the violence of passion, Or the extravagance of caprice, when there was an unlimited power of indulging them. The familiar instance of the treatment of our beasts of burden, to which the condition of the negroes is too nearly fimri lar, was cited as an example in point. Under this argument of the prevalence of interest over inclination, half the crimes and X follies C 54 ] follies of civilised life, it was urged, might be demonstrated to be impossible." "That the situation of the slaves was happy and comfortable, was said to be an assertion repugnant to every one's feelings. But there was a horrid proof of the contrary in the many instances of suicide among the negroes . The infurreaions too, which they sometimes ventured, desperate and hopeless as they were, showed strongly their sense of the sufferings they endured. This was one of those evils which the system of slavery necessarily inflicted on the masters of saves, the suspicion, the fear, the danger, with which they were surrounded." "The argument against the interference of the Legislature in the management or conduct of the planters, might, it was observed, be carried the length of precluding all improvement whatsoever. Here again, the argument of attention to their proper interests is set up, to prove the impracticability of any change in their mode of culture. But the indolence of habit overcomes in the bulk of men the motive of interest, if that interest is not a very direa and immediate [ '55 1 mediate one. The same objection of the impossibility of any other than the eltab lifhed mode of cultivation might have been made, some centuries ago, to any man who should have ventured to propose the emancipation of the Serfs as a pracicable measure. Yet it will not be denied, that the improvement of modern Europe is chiefly owing to that circumstance." Notwithstanding the eloquence with which these arguments wore enforced, and the weight and authority of those Members by whom they were urged, the abolition of the slave trade , which had been only brought the length of inquiry in this Parlih ment, was negatived, at a pretty early period of the succeeding one, by a majority of 163 to 88. X 2 SECTION [ 156 ] SECTION VIII Teb Regency. OF one event, fortunately as transient as it was unexpected, by which the deliberations of this Parliament on any other sub jea were for a time suspended, I have not hitherto made mention. I should, indeed, have been unwilling to take notice of it at all, had it not