are in a manner slaves in their despotic governments to tyrants; but that Britons, throughout whose liws the very spirit of liberty is infused, hold: iingle in 'the horrid commerce , is a matter of no small amazement. Is it because the unhappy lot of a negroe is to be born in a country to which the polite arts and sciences have not yet extended, that he and his posterity should be doomed to perpetual bondage ? or is it because the exceiive heat of the climate turned his kin dark, that he Should be bought -- A ra 1: 1- - - ^ -- « -- i -- - the smallest analogy between them and such mon. fters. The same writer again observes very wantonly, In this cafe the colonists in the West Indies are inirumental in humanising the descendants of the offspring of even brutes." I say that the colonies in the West Indies , for the sake of two luxuries which all the world might well dispense without, which are sugar and rum, I say, that for the sake of there and ome other trifling articles of commerce , they are instrumental in murdering about fifty thousand human beings yearly, C God's own images, though cut on ebony." This is very obvious from the numbers imported into the West Indies ; for if saves were treated well, there would be an increase instead of a decrease; nor would there be any encouragement at all for the African trade : this has been confirmed by some few humane mailers who re iided on their etates. It is supposed that about one hundred thousand slaves are yearly exported from Africa ; several ofthefe poor wretches, when they get sickly on the Guinea coast, are thrown over board alive to save insurance; and from their being flowed so close together, about sixteen thousand are computed to die during their voyage ; about thirty thousand more die in the seasoning; and the rest wither out their exifiance, as I hall hereafter mention. But to return to my subje: C I will admit, with Brooks's Natural History, that there are vast numbers and various kinds of baboons resembling bling men in Africa , that they at times attack and defeat armed men,; that they are afciv.ious and fond of women, and that it may fonetimres happen when ah odd one: of the latter gets astray in the woods, that she may be overpowered and debauched by.'thofe satyrs; but I am well convinced from good authority, and my ownknow. ledge of the black sex, that they have the greatet averfion'to them; hence I conceive it novel, of those' who' strive to persuade that conceptions so frequent take place from embraces of this kind, even' admlitting the organs of generation in the human and brote creation to be the same, which cannot be; for though there may. be some fimjli tudes, 'thofe.who have studied the secrets of. nature, point out yaf difference; betides, it is .wll known that blacks are in stature as tall. and comely as whites, and as, exquisitely formed.in every re'fpe&'; and though some may be more de. formed than others, it is cruel and illiberal to insinuate the least suggestion of their partaking of the brute creation. How many white deformed, stupid, ignorant, indolent, lazy, idle savages, baboons and satyrs in human form, are there in Great Britain ad Ireland? who, in my humble opinion, are as jutly entitled to be dragged.from their parents and friends, from bogs, heath and furs, shipped off, and doomed to eternal slavery , as the unhappy sons and daughters of Africa . Others' think themselves justified in countenancing this abominable trade in human blood, K becaufo because slavery is mentioned in several parts of the Old Testament: 'by the laws ot Moses the lfraelites purchased flaves'from the heathens, they bartered and sold each others prisoners of war as they now do in Africa . Were we to practice the barbarities praised in days of yore, instead of poor blacks our slaves now would be French, Spaniards, Dutch, and'ame ricans; it is those christians would be obliged to handle hoes, bills, and axes, and to cultivate our colonies, and in retaliation their colonies would be cultivated by Britons; or were we to a like Joseph's treacherous brethren, when a brother our flesh and blood offended us, we would turm ble him into a pit or well, or sell him to any remorseless ifranger; or were we to imitate our firt father and mother, instead of gaudy'drefs, breeches and petticoats, we should wear only the leaves of trees to hide our nakedness, and would be in the same innocent state as blacks were before they were corrupted by our first christian visitors to their coasts; for they were as harmless as lambs till christians, like serpents, beguiled them; when versed in their damnable deceptious firata gems, avarice, pride, and cruelty induced them to form themselves into petty kings, and then encouraged by christians to war with each other, by whom they are supplied with initruments of death, and spirituous liquors to inflame and set them mad, to kill and kidnap, and fell each other, for these and some paulty trinkets. There There is not a word of slavery mentioned in the gospel; no, we are therein commanded to live in brotherly love, and to do unto all men as we would they hold do unto us. It is no way strange to'tne that foreign nations carry on this trade without feeling or remorse, when the people themselves are in a manner slaves in their despotic governments to tyrants but that Britons, throughout whose aws the very spirit of liberty is infused, fhould rningle in the horrid commerce , is a matter of no small amazement. Is it because the unhappy lot of a negroe is to be born in a country to which the polite arts and sciences have not yet extended, that he and his posterity should be doomed to perpetual bondage ? or is it because the excessive