all this war with a thousand of my men." I was alio To inquisitive as to interrogate him concerning their freedom ; and he very candidly didly told me, that when the island was taken by the Spaniards, his ancestors would not surrender themselves, but resolved to be free, or petrifli; and held out so long in the woods, that having killed several of the English, and tired the rest, a treaty of peace wad concluded upon; since which time they have been loyal subjects. Different parties of them traverse the island, and go armed; they take up runaway negroes and bring them to their masers, for every one of which they are paid at a certain rate per mile. When king Cudjo dies, his eldest son or Captain Davy succeeds him. he had on a red coat, red breeches, a gold laced hat, hoes, and no stockings ; his wife had nothing on but an Ozna brig frock. Some writers, in support of the African iniquitous trade , have endeavoured to persuade that vast numbers of the negroes imported from that coast partake of the brute creation; under the pretext that the species of the oran outang, or wild man of the woods, frequently copulate with the women. And to confirm this, says a very ludicrous writer, " Not long since a cargo of them arrived in Jamaica, whose hands had little or no balls to the thumb, and whose nails were more of the claw kind than otherwise." This is a most absurd affertion a notorious falsehood: for I have seen thousands and tens of thousands of both Africans and Creole negroes , not one of whom came under this denomination; nor was there th? the frnallef analogy between them and such mon. fters. The same writer again observes very wantonly, " In this cafe the colonists in the West Indies are instrumental in humanising the de. fcendants of the offspring of even brutes." I say that the colonies in the West Indies , for the sake of two luxuries which all the world might well dispense without, which are sugar and rum, I. say, that for the sake of these and ome other trifling articles of commerce , they are instrumental in murdering about fifty thousand human beings yearly, " God's own images, though cut on ebony." This is very obvious from the numbers imported into the West Indies ; for if slaves were treated well, there would be an increase instead of a decrease; nor would there be any encouragement at all for the African trade : this has been confirmed by some few humane masters who resided on their eates. It is supposed that about one hundred thousand slaves are yearly exported from Africa ; several of these poor wretches, when they get sickly on the Guinea coast, are thrown over board alive to save insurance; and from their being flowed so close together, about sixteen thousand are computed to die during their voyage ; about thirty thousand more die in the seasoning; and the rest wither out their exiftance, as I shall hereafter mention. But to return to my subjet: I will admit, with Brooks's Natural Hitory, that there are vast numbers and various kinds of baboons resembling bling men in Africa , that they; at times attack. and defeat armed men, t hat they are lafcvious and fond of women, and that it may sometimes happen when ailnh o of ' the latter gets astray in the woods, that he may be overpowered and debauched by.'thofe satyrs; but I am well convinced from good authority, and my own know ledge of the black sex, that they have the greatest aversion to them; hence I Conceive it novel of shore Who strive to 1peruade that conception's so frequent take place from embraces' of this kind, even admittlng the organs of generation in, the human and brute creation to be the same, which cannot be; for though there may, be some fimjli tudes, those who have 'tudied the secrets of. nature, point out vast difference; besides, it is.well known that blacks are in stature as tall and conely as whites, and as .exquisitely formed, .in every refpet; and though some may be more deformed than others, it is cruel and illiberal to insinuate the least fuggef'ion of their partaking of the brute creation. How many white deformed, stupid, ignorant, indolent, lazy, idle savages, baboons and satyrs in human form, are there in Great Britain ard Ireland? who, in my humble opinion, are as jufly entitled to be dragged from their parents and friends, from bogs, heath and furs, shipped off, and doomed to eternal slavery , as the unhappy sons anddaughters of Africa . Others' think themselves justified in countenancing this abominable trade in human blood, K becau(f because favery is mentioned in several parts of the Old Testament: 'by the laws of Moses the Israelites purchased slaves from the heathens, they bartered and sold each others prisoners of war as they now do in Africa . Were we to practice the barbarities pratifed in days of yore, instead of poor blacks our slaves now would be French, Spaniards, Dutch, and Americans; it is those christians would be obliged to handle hoes, bills, and axes, and to cultivate our colonies, and in retaliation their colonies would be cultivated by Britons; or were we to at like Joseph's treacherous brethren, when a brother our flef and blood offended us, we would turn he him into a pit or well, or sell him to any re inbrfeles firanger; or wcc w; -; "; : 'r first father and mother, instead of gaudy dress, . - - ^..fa ~ natsn we. flinuld wear only the There is not a word of slavery mentioned in the gopel; no, we are therein commanded to live in brotherly love, and to do unto all men as we would they should do unto us. It is no way firange to me that foreign nations carry on this trade without feeling or remorse, when the people themselves