the African trade . I. It [ 14 3 I. It is a fa which can admit of no dispute, that the number of inhabitants of this country has been considerably dimi nified by the flave trade , which occasions a certain annual loss of Iooo or 500o sea men a class of men who have been always regarded as the bulwark of the Rtate. The loss of 20 or 30, 000 men in a period of twenty years, including the loss of their probable descendants, makes a considerable difference in the population of these kingdoms. For the loss of these lives, the only compensation that it is pretended we obtain is merely pecuniary; which can no more repay a state for the loss of its inhabitants, than it can a man for the loss of his limbs. II t. To the agriculture of this country the flave trade has no immediate relation with[ [ 1 with its manufaaures and commerce it is intimately connected. The advantages derived from the slave trade to the manufatures of this country , arise either, from the confumptiou of such goods as are bartered away on the coast of Africa ; or of such as are sent out as necessaries for the slaves in the West Indian Islands. From an inquiry into the nature of the goods manufactured for the coaft trade , cit will appear, That the business of providing goods for the African market is in the hands of a few manufacturers only. That a considerable part of the goods are coarse, or nearly unwrought; and therefore cannot possibly employ a great number of hands. XI ~ [ i6 ] That a large proportion of these goods are disposed of in the natural trade of the country , for ivory, gold, c. The exportation of necessaries to the West Indian Islands, would certainly continue in whatever manner they were to be cultivated. Tne extent and fertility of Africa leaves no room to doubt, that an exchange of European commodities, and particularly of English manufatures, for the produtions of that country , under the encouragement and protelion of the legislature, would, in a short time, not only open a new source of wealth to this nation , from the value and utility of the articles to be imported ; but would alfb occasion a far greater export of manufacures, and those of a finer and more profitable kind than can ever be disposed of in the traffic of the human species. The 3. The advantages derived from the flave trade to thecommerce of this country , confifi in the exportation to Africa of goods imported into England from. other parts; in the employment of our vessels and mariners, and in the importation of the pro duacions of the West Indian Islands. I. With refpea to the exportation of East Indian and other foreign commodities to the coast of Africa , it is certain the demand for them in Africa will not diminish in consequence of the abolition of the slave trade . The only difference will be, that instead of repaying us with slaves , they will furnish us in return with the natural produaions of that unexplored country , which, as far as they are known, are of the most valuable kind, and may be obtained ou the most reasonable terms. The prohibition of the flave trade will neither diminish the shipping employed B in [ is in the West Indian trade , nor in any degree prove injurious to the British plantations ; for the flave trade at this time is not rendered necessary by any unavoidable and irremediable circumstances; but owes is existence and support to the ill judged parsimony, folly, and wickedness of the planter who, under the certainty that he can, at pleasure, supply himself with slaves from a fresh cargo , sacrifices those on hand. through a principle of mistaken avance; and instead of encouraging their propagation, holds it to be, on the whole, a matter of prudence to wear out and exhaust a slave in five or six years. The slave trade is therefore not founded even in political necessity, but on an abuse ', which The number of negroes that die exceeds the number born in mofi, if not in all islands, so that an annual supply from the coat of Guinea is necessary to keep up their quota. mr. Stoke's View of the Constitution of the Britifl Colonies, p. 414. ' calls L 19 3 calls aloud for redress : and the introduction of humane restrictions, and reasonable laws into the West India Islands, as it will, on the one hand, contribute to the happiness and population of the negroes ; so, on the other, it will immediately diminish, and, in a short time, so far destroy the pretended necessity of the flave trade , as to make its total abolition a matter of indifference both to the flave merchant and the planter. It is well'known, that a slave bred on the plantation is, when arrived at maturity, of double the value of an imported slave ; and happy is it for the cause of truth, that the possibility of a plantation supplying itself with slaves does not depend on conjecture. Under a kind and judicious master this has already frequently happened, and an instance may be ad B 2 duced [ 20 duced of a planter who doubled the number of his slaves in the space of 14 years, on the same estate, by propagation only I. III The revenue of this country is greatly augmented by the importation of various articles of merchandise from the British plantations : but as the total prohibition of the flave trade , under.proper cautions, will by no means diminish the pro dudionsof thofeplantations; 5o the revenue will remain unimpaired: besides which, it may probably acquire a very important addition, from the eftablifhmentof an im * Governor Moultrie, late of East Florida, on one of whose plantations in the Bahama Ifiands, is now living a negro woman, from whom are derived forty descendants. There slaves were removed to