length fixed at Hamburg, from whence they obtained the name of the Hamburg company . It consists of a governor, deputy governor, and court of assistants; but now this trade lies open for every merchant , insomuch that this society receive little advantage from their being incorporated. The Russia company , was first incorporated by queen Mary, in the year 1555, and were empower ed to carry on an exclu!ive trade not only to Russia, but to all the countries they should discover in the northern parts. Their privileges were con f.rmed firmed by parliament in the reign of James the First. They have a governor, four consuls, and twenty-four assistants; but the company is not so considerable as it was formerly; for private merchants are admitted to trade on the payment of 5 1. These merchants export from England coarse cloth, long else, worsted stuffs, tin, lead and tobacco. And import hemp, flax, linen cloth, linen yarn, Russia leather, tallow, furs, iron and pot ashes. The Levant, or Turkey company , was first incorporated by queen Elizabeth, in 1555; and their privileges confirmed and augmented in the reign of James the First. They were empower ed to trade to the Levant, and particularly to Smyrna, Aleppo, Constantinople, Cyprus, grand Cairo, Alexandria, and in general to all the eafetrn parts of the Mediterranean. They have a go vernnr, deputy governor, and eighteen assistants or direitor, chosen annually. But any person may also enter into this company , on paying a fmiall consideration. lthey at present export very little, the trade being fallen into the hands of the French, vet they import raw silk, goats hair, grogram yarn, cotton yarn, materials for dying, rhubarb, zalls, drugs, leather, fruit and oil. The Eafft India company was first incorporated by queen Elizabeth; their trade was laid open in the time of Oliver Cromwell, and continued so for some time i but in the year 1698, a new East-india company was eftabliihed by ad of parlia nent, and the old company was to be difbolved after the expiration of a certain term. However, they were at length united in 1702, and have ever since been styled the United company of merchants , trading to the Ealt Indies . They have a governor, deputy governor, and twenty-four directors, cholfn ycarlv at their house il Lcaden h Wl hall ftrcet. This was rebuilt in 1726, and is a large convenient ftruaure, with warehouses adjoining. They export fine cloth, glass, other manufacures, and bullion; which last article would be a considerable disadvantage to the kingdom, did they not sell as much India and China goods to foreigners as would repay it. They chiely import tea, China ware, cabinets, raw and wrought silks, coffee, (pices, muffins, calicoes, and other cotton cloth. The Royal African company was first incorporated in 1588, by queen Elizabeth, for carrying on a trade to Guinea, for gold, elephants teeth, and malaguata. It was reincorporated by Charles the Second, in 1672, with an exclusive power to trade all along the western coast of Africa , from the port of Sallee in South Barbary, to the Cape of Good Hope, during the term of one thousand years. Upon this they erected several sorts and facories. But their trade being laid open by parliament , in 1697, they were not able to support them. For this reason it was enacted, that all private traders fiould pay to the company o L percent. for that purpose i but this proving insufficient, they have had several sums granted by parliament , to supply the defect. When this trade was first set up, they had then no occasion for negroes ; but they began to buy them not long after; and by their means, and that of the private traders , our plantations are now supplied with slaves . It has been observed, that the company never exported from Guinea above five or six thousand negroes in a year; whereas there are now upwards of thirty thousand annually purchased and transported. The king is governor, besides whom there is a fub governor, a deputy, and thirty six directors. The The Hudson's Bay company were incorporated by king Charles the Second, and carry on a very advantageous trade to North America, by means of Hudson's Bay, for beaver skins , and other rich furs and commodities of the country . This corporation has a governor, deputy governor, and seven assistants; and a handsome hall in fenchurch ftreet. The South Sea company was established by ar of parliament , in the ninth year of queen Any, for paying off a debt of upwards of nine millions, due from the government, and. not provided for by ads of parliament . They were im powered to carry on a trade to the South Sea; and in the year 1714, the capital was enlarged to ten millions, for which they received interest at 6 1. percent. In 1720 an ad of parliament passed to enable the company to increase their capital, by redeeming several of the public debts, and to raise money for the discharge of sundry national encumbrances. By the several arts used on this occasion, the subscriptions increased the capital flock, from ten to above thirty-three millions; and by this fatal scheme, the stock that was sold before at i20o. percent. was run up to above 1ooo 1. but it fell bo swiftly, that it reduced tome great and noble families, and made many beggars; while others, who sold out in time, obtained enormous fortunes. This company has a governor, fub governor, and thirty diredtors, who are chosen once in three years. Their house is a beautiful and magnificent ltrudure, and stands between Threadneedle street and broad itreet. It has a quadrangle in the middle , supported by stone pil /)rs, which form a noble piazza. The walls are very thick, and there are vaults underneath arched over. They had the benefit of an Afliento ship , by which means they furniihed the Spaniards VOL. VI X with with negro slaves , for their mines and plantations in America; and sent European