to accomplish their Design, and actually doubled Cape Verdeon the 5th of March 1482, and made so profitable a Voyage , that though' they divided their Gains with the Duke of Medina their Patron, yet they put one hundred thousand Pounds a piece in their Pockets; and in the Year 1485, By Dint of Money, which had always a very great Power, they procured a Liberty to trade from Portugal; and made their Peace in England. Sir Peter Fabian, the Nephew of William Fabian, continued this Cmrnmerce with incredible Profit; C 2 and ( 12) and from that Era, though' not always from England, English Subjets were considerable Adventurers, till such Time as Queen Elizabeth granted a Patent to Thomas Gregory of Taunton in Somer Jetjire, and fgilliam Pope, for carrying on a Trade to North Guinea, for a certain Number of Years, after which our Traffic thither increased, and fell from Time to Time under new Regulations. In the Reign of King Charles I. before the Civil War broke our, the Trade to this Country , which had ruined many private Adventurers for want of a Strength to protea it, and a Stock sufficient to carry it on, was put into better Order by a few wealthy and wise Citizens, who were concerned in farming the King's Customs; and the Castle of Cormantyn was built at the sole Charge of one of them, which was the first and principal Fortress of our Nation , till it was taken in the Year 1665 by the Dutch. Before the Year 1640 it was computed, that those interested in the Guinea Trade divided upwards of fifty thousand Pounds a Year; and yet they suffered some Loss and Disturbance from private Traders . The Number of those increased prodigiously during the Troubles, notwithstanding all the Protetion that could be procured for those who maintained the Garrisons, from the several fluctuating Powers that during this Time became uppermoff. The Slave Trade more especially grew higher and higher by Degrees, in Proportion as our Colonies, and in particular that of the Island of Barbados came to be in a flourishing Condition. So that, before the Restoration, the purchasing Negroes in Guinea, and transporting them to the West Indies , was become a fettled and considerable Branch of Commerce , by which some who were interested in it early made cnn ( i3.) considerable Fortunes, notwithstanding the many Inconveniences to which they were Rill exposed from the want of a proper Regulation, as well as the Encroachment of Foreigners , and of the Dutch more especially, who were indefatigable in their Labours to monopolise that, as they had done other Trades , to themselves. On the King's Return an Application was made for putting this Commerce into a new and more beneficial Method, for the Sake, as was then suggested, of the englijh Sugar Colonies, which were in their most prosperous Condition, and for the better supplying them with Negroes , on which their Plantations did at that Time, and fiill do depend. accordingl y.his Majesty King Charles II in the i4th Year'" o his Reign, incorporated a Number of rich and active Merchants , under the Title of Royal Adventurers for establishing and carrying on a Trade to AFRICA . But the Affairs of that Company being extremely prejudiced before, and in the Time of the first Dutch War, notwithstanding that the English defended their Forts and Settlements with great Courage and Constancy, and gained some Advantages over their Enemies, it was found necessary to grant a new Charter in i672, with greater Powers and more extensive Privileges. It was this that gave Birth to the Royal African Company ofengland, which upon this Establishment soon vindicated the Rights of the Nation , and carried on a most glorious and profitable Trade , coining thirty, forty, and sometimes fifty thousand Pieces of Gold at a Time, which from thence received the Name of Guineas, and were diftinguiihed by the Elephant under the Royal Head, out of the Metal they brought from thence. Besides they exported vait Quantities of our 14) our native Commodities and Manufactures, as well as abundance of East Indian and other So reign Goods, and were in those Days considered as meriting, in a very high Degree, the Favour of the Crown, by the Services they rendered their Country . Amongst other Settlements which this Company thought fit to make for securing and extending their Commerce , they had one at Annamaboe, in the Fantin Country , upon the Gold Coast. This was at first no more than a House with the English Company's Flag flying, to show to whom it belonged; but afterwards, with Consent of the' Natives, who received an annual Rent for the Ground upon which it stood, they built, in 1679, a very neat, beautiful, and strong Fort , with Stone, Brick, and Lime. This Sort wasl seated upon a Rock about 30 Paces from the Strand, having 2 Brass Guns and 2 Pacereroes mounted; and the Establishment in those Times was a chief Faaor, i2 Whites, and 8 Grometto Negroes . The Beach, under the immediate Command of the Guns, was partly enclosed with a Mud Wall of eight Foot high, within which were Houses for the Company's Blacks ; as in the Fort itself, the Lodgings were very near and convenient, and the Warehouses large and commodious; in short, it was looked upon as the best and strongest Place upon that Coast; and while the Company was in its Prosperity, was regarded as one of its most important Posts, as well in Point of Trade as of Situation. But by slow Degrees, like the rest of thefortreffesin the Hands of that unfortunate Company , it fell to Decay, lost first its Beauty, then its Conveniency, and lastly, its Strength: so that, at this Time, - it being of n farther Use, or rather its ( i5) its Owners having lost the Capacity of supporting it, this Castle has been slighted. The Walls and Ruins of it, however, fill remain, the Ground Rent is said to be punctually