to the slave trade , in consequence of the information received from the agent of this iand of the proceedings had in the Hoafe of Commons in he last session of parliament in refpeat of the said trade , 1790. in the Wjand for 49 years, viz. from 1739, to partil." to 1787, both inclusive, diftinguilhing the years .* A of war from those of peace." This paper is to show that the importation of negroes into Jamaica was trade , have accordingly met, and have taken the examinations of several persons, and have agreed to the following resolutions: I. Resolved, It is the opinion of the joint committee, that the fuppreftion, either direct or virtual, of the slave . trade , by the Britilh nation only, (other nations continuing the trade as usual) would not promote the purposes of humanity ,, either in respect of the negroes which are annually brought to the African markets for ale, or in regard to the negroes at present in a slate of slavery in this and the rest of the British islands in the Wtft indies . The eects in Africa of a partial abolition would be this, that the purchasers from Europe, being fewer in number, would have a greater choice of slaves , equal to the whole demand of the British merchants at present which is stated at 38, 000 annually; whereby prime slaves only would be saleable; ad the aged and infirm (many of whom are now purchased of necef £ty) being rejeced in greater numbers than formerly, the horrid praecice which has long exiled among the flave merchants on the coa:, of putting to death such of their captives as are brought to market and rejected by the Europeans, would be more prevalent than ever. In the British Wefl indies the effie (however light'y felt at first) must nececfarily, in the course of a few years, from n unavoij. ble decrease consequent on the present inequality of the fxes, have this operation; that the labour which is now p rforr.ed by a given numbc. of negres, mult eitner be Ser tfrm d by a less number, cr the planter must contract the limits of his plantation , aud diminish his produce. Thus immediate in: erel, and in many cafes urgent dilirefs frcm the importunity of creditors, will be set in opposition to the principles of justice, and the iztl ates of humanity . II Reolved, It is the opinion of the joint committee, that to condemn the ave trade as peculiarly deltruclive to British seamen (th. contrary whereof is proved by the evidence of Vice-admiral Edward, before the privy council) and to adduce in proof thereof the lofies fullaired on certain unhealthy parts of the coast, without taking into the account the losses sustained in other branches of the African commerce , such as the wood and ivory trades , where the mortality principally occurs, and the increase of seamen from such other parts of the Britilh navigation as are principally de. pendant on the African commerce , partial and unjust. Among these branches may be reckoned the West India and lumber trades , and above all, those great nurseries for seamen, the Irish, Britilh, Britifh american and Newfoundland fisheries; me consumption of herrings and alted fish by the negroes , being mmenfe. We have was very considerable in war time. He formed the 79o. calculation from 1739 to 1772, from an original Part II account found among Mr. Rose Fuller's papers, l v -- after have likewise reason to believe, that since the late regulating aft, the mortality of British seamen in the save trade has decreased nearly one half. III Resolved, It is the opinion of the joint Committee, that the loss of Negroes which is ometimes fultained in the voyages from Africa , as well as in the harbours of this island, between the days of arrival and sale, and which is fated to happen from the mode of transporting them from the Coast, being a remedialal gritvanct, affords no argument for a total fupprefflon of the Slave Trade . IV It is the opinion of the joint Committee, that no jut etli mate can be formed of the effects which the Regulating Ad of the Britifi Parliament , passed in 1788, will ultimately produce in refpec of the loss of the slaves in the middle passage , inasmuch as it appears, from return of negroes purchased on the coar of Africa by hips that have entered in the port of Kingston since the firt of January last, that, out of 2099 laves purchased on the Gold Coast, 2042 have been sold in this island, a loss of only two and three fourths percent. but that, out of 255o laves purchased in the Bite of Benin, only 1642 have been sold; a lofi amounting to thirty-five and three eighths percent. and unknown before any regulation took place. Two vefels have since arrived from the same coast, the Ann and the Vulture: these venels purchased 785, slaves of whom only 14 have died; a loss not exceeding one and three jtrenthl percent. This am zing difference, as appears by the evidence taken on oath, is partly to be attributed to the smallpox, which raged in rome of the hips, and the mbafles and flux, which broke out in others. The loss by the flux was chiefly occasioned by the use of unripe yams, for want of other provisions. V Resolved, It is the opinion of the joint Committee, that the number of slaves at present in this iand is about zo, ooo; of which, according to the bel inquiries that can be made concerning the proportion of the sexes, there are 140, 000 males, and I lo, oco females: it follows therefore, that if future importations from Africa be discontinued, there will unavoidably ensue, from the disproportion of the sexes alone, a very great reduaion from the present number of our slaves , before any augmentation can be expetded from natural increase by generation; a diminution which mut not only preclude all attempts at the further