impossible that the West indies could be cultivated by Europeans, without such a destruction of the human race as would harrow up the feelings of the hardest breast, and would be (to the imaginary ftreflfes of the negroes ) inhumanity in the extreme, He He has not the smallest doubt, that a supply of negroes 1790. from Africa is necessary to the cultivation of sugar Part I. estates, particularly if they mean to improve more _ -- % land The abolition of the Rave trade , would, in his P. 465. opinion, prove detrimental both to the colonies, and the empire at large; it would raise the produtions of that country , beyond the power of the consumers here to purchase, and consequently lessen the revenue, in proportion as the c6nfumption is diminished, and would injure the individual in his property, by increasing his private expenses; it would occasion the immediate declension, and final ruin of the sugar colonies, unless they were at liberty to seek for, and carry their sugar and other produce, to other markets; and this, in his opinion, would be bad policy. If supplies of negroes be totally stopped, the gradual diminution of their produce, and finally the extinion d of the sugar colonies, he thinks, would take place, and he thinks it a dangerous and unnecessary experiment to make; the planters of Barbados he knows, and the planters in general, he believes to be men of sense, discernment, and humanity ; and he thinks, that good policy, ought to leave them in the quiet management of their own affairs, and so render them, as beneficial as possible to this country , to whose laws, constitution, and king, they are warmly and zealously attached. One man will annually cultivate 3 acres of cotton, P. 466 but only one of sugar ; the substitution of cotton for sugar in many plantations in Barbados, arose more from the loss of negroes in the hurricane 1780, than from the depredations of vermin, or other causes. This substitution is going on, though in a less degree, because new negroes have been imported . The greater part of the lands, where cotton was substituted, is now again allotted to sugar . The substitution of cotton for sugar , might have been made immediately, but did not take place to any extent for 3 or 4 years afterwards. The difficulty of obtaining African negroes , was the cause p.s. that substitution, aided by the blowing down 1790. down of the sugar works and bui!dings. That Part II difficulty arose from their not being brought to the .-~- island, and from their high prices. The answers lent P. 467. by him, to the queries of the Privy Council, were framed by himlfef; the anftvers of the council, and affemb'v, by those bodies respectively; those returned by individuals, were truyfmitted by him, for the purpose of returning those answers: He selec ted men, on whole discernment, experience, and integrity, he could rely, and persons alto differing in sentiments, in order to give the Secreta es of State, the fullest information. Witness examined lord RODNEY. Lord Rodney went first to the West indies in 1761, he resided first at Barbados, then Martirique, Antigua, St. Kitt's, and a small time at Guadaloupe, when those islands belonged to Great britain; he was also in Jamaica 31 years. P. 468. Masters, in the several islands, seemed very attentive to their slaves ; it i their interest to be so; he never saw one instance of cruelty , but many of forbearance, on an impertinent answer being given to the masters. Slaves seemed properly clothed for the clinatc, in al the islands; in Jamaica, seemed better f d than the commc.n labouring people here; the other ifiands have not grounds to give them such food as jamaica can afford; they appeared also extremely well lodged for the climate, and their houses calculated for it. No more labour was required of them than they could properly bear: A hundred times he has noticed, that he thought a labouring man in England did more work in one day than any 3 negroes . He has often noticed in the many plantations he has visited, that there is an hospital, called the fick houfe, with negro P. 69. women attending as nurses; there is scarce a plantation without a surgeon; it is their interest to be attentive. The The negroes appeared to him to be in a ftte the 1790. reverie of defpondingi after the day's work, they Part ll. were generally dancing, and making merry. Thinks -- it impossible to cultivate West india plantations to advantage by Europeans. Believes the present stock in the islands could not be kept up, without fresh importations ; for he believes, breeding is encouraged as much as pofible; for one Creole is, in value, worth two new ones from Guinea. Confiders the hips in the French West india trade as the greatest source of their power, for the West India commerce enabled France last war to dispute with Great britain the empire of the sea; their West Indiamen are generally much larger than the British, and appeared more than doubly manned. Thinks the British West india trade a considerable nursery for seamen, and the West india fleet very advantageous in time of war in furnishing men for the service, who are seasoned to the West indian climate. P. 470 Thinks it extremely important to keep up a trade , which he confiders one of our principal branches of commerce ; without the African trade the West indies he thinks could not be supported. In 1787, the French paid 200 livres a head premium for every lave imported into St. Domingo and St. Lucia, and 10oo for each imported into Martinique and Guadaloupe, besides a premium on hips that traded from the ports of France to the coast of Guinea, payable immediately on their failing, at so much per on. The abolition of the slave trade would tend to reduce the British West India trade , and lessen the number of ships and