as thus. But, alas! he knows nothing of this ineftimable.bleffing, nor ever enjoyed it! The Country which gave him Birth, the Soil from which he sprung, produce no such Blossom; and, should it ever appear, which is highly improbable, instead of the softering Hand to nurture and bring it to Maturity, the bloody and unrelenting Arm of Tyranny is eternally held up, ready to cut it down. THE Credibility of these extraordinary fas does not depend upon mere heariay: Dahomy is a maritime Kingdom, in which the British, French, and Portugiefe have been permitted to erec Sorts for the prote&ton of their Trade ; and the Veracity of (9) f what is here related, is authenticated by the indubitable Teti rpon of mariy hojhave refidd there - e t · THE Africans have been in the Pracice, from Time immemorial, of feiling their Countrymen, and never entertainedc Any more Doubt of their Rightto do so, than we do of feiding; Delinquents to Botany Bay, or to Tyburn; deeming it fair and just to dispose of their Slaves , Prisoners of War, and Felonsi according to their own established Laws and Customs. Great Enormities, they punish with Death but, unless it be in such despotic Governments as Dahomy, few but Criminals are sold to the Whites, except Prisoners taken in War; who wou. inevitably be put to Death, did not a more profitable Mode offer of disposing of them: and hence it is, that Persons of some Rankin their own Country , some times become Slaves in the west Indies and American Colonies; : but the House of Bondage , frily speaking, may be called a Land of Freedom to them : where notwithitanding they do not enjoy preeminence, they may be comfortable; and where, although prevented from exercising Cruelty on others, they are always protected themselves. .Those who are guilty of Theft, Adultery, .or the imputed Crime of Witchcraft, if they escape Death, are sold for Slaves .' To. deter them from the Commission of thee. Crimest their Situation in foreign Slavery , is represented to be attended with the' tereftr Tortures; which, fortunately for thea however, are not tea lized: as.will appear hereafter.. Nor is itto be wondered at, in a Country of so great Extent, and so little Civilizatiornf that the greatet Part of the Africans, brought to the European Colonies, are condemned to Slavery , for Acts of dl)inquency; since Great Britain alone, under the superior Advantages of its Reli lgon, Laws, and Manners, produces annually above 2000 Conics. ey^ ta --?. --; 4. l SINCE the Labour of African Slaves has been found indif penfibly necessary, for the Cultivation of the Welt Indian Islands, R·B1*~ Be and rtd) and amierican Plantations , from the utter impossibility of wiitf I, r People being able to undergo that Fatigue, every European Nation , having Colonies there, Mu bee ficitous to acquire a h arein this Traffic; nor has the most crupulous of them enter mined a Doubt of their Right to purchase, - what the Africanw lad a right to dispose of. AMONG the Adventurers in this Trade , the Britili possess at pfrefcnt the greatest Share of it. It was during the Gvemmn~in. F the Commonwealth, that Negroeswerecarried, in any Numbers, to tf West Indies , and then, chi y to Barbados: a few Negroes were taken to Virginiaby a Dutch Ship , so early as 1620; but it was the royal African Company , elabliied in r672, that firs. arie d on, - from lhence, a vigorous Commerce to Africa . Wd may form n opinion of the Magnitude of it, in its most lourifh c,, sttte prior m the Revolution in 688, by considering that, r .: fx i e Compa lemploysed t Ships annually, which delivered ^s y about 5000 Northeast aoss in the West Indies . The Increase of it t itspreifnt mste may be attributed to the enterpraig Spirit of the Merchants ; to the superior Address of tiofeemployed in that xcute Part of it; t the Opulence es the. manufa~lers; * w -- hiehenabes them to extend a Credit to the former, ' beyond what can be had in anyother Country ; and to theliberal Supply llowe by Govrnment annually, for the maintenance of Teverab - o tfor andfa ories inafrica. Fromthefeconcurring Circum -. dbritie B Planters are supplied with Negroes , n mert t iilabnts tianiheirzn Neighbours; and a large Surpluskeft i.; rici are difpod f to the French and Saniards for Specie, and; - mmites. Comma, ^0= tii, j <,. ~ TIE Importane of this Trade to Greaf Britain, almofit es aa, «._ Ca' C laionm -' It muediately employs about z12 Shbip which sail annually for Africa , whose Cargoes exceed a Milio erling fn'oi fiwhich are te Produaions of the Britifih Saitaiments i te iad d West above, o. - 7 ^ / 6 22.-4' -- "3, e S, £*7. 6, 't ~2; asr /^3/7-_223. - 7 3_, 8^ -- s'ygó t. I isinveltea in British Manufatures only. The Returns of d Cargoes are computed at a Million andan half. The Atiicet : :. and Mechanics employed at Liverpool alone, receive Ioo, O. annually for Labour and Materials employed in equipping tbip Ships engaged in it; and exclusive of the large Sums paid for ea mens Wages, the Captains and Officers Commissions and Privi. '. lege amount, at least, to 50, oool. annually; which .is generally realised there, and has contributed greatly to the rapid Increase of that flourishing Town. THE African Trade , conneeed as it is with the West Indian Commerce , and that to the remairing continental Colonies, and Newfoundland Fishery, is of the utrnoft Consequence to the employment of many thousands of our Fellowfubjecs, tothe'nava Power of Britain, and to the Royal Revenues; all which are conjoined by sympathetic Ties. thevalue of three Millions, at, 'e leaift,. of domestic Manufacures, exclusive of other Merchandise, annually find a profitable Ventby meansofthe African and Wef Indian Trades ; and above five Millions of Prnertvy arising ~i~l from the Labour of Negro Slaves ,, employed in the Welt Indian