bloody and unrelenting Arm of Tyranny is eternally held up, ready to cut it down. THE Credibility of there extraordinary faas does not depend upon mere hearsay: Dahomy is a maritime Kingdom, in which the British, French, and Portuguese have been permitted to eret Sorts for the Proteaion of their Trade ; and the Veracity of ( 9) of what is here related, is authenticated by the indubitable Testimony or many who have resided there. THE Afticans have been in the practice, from Time immemorial, of selling their Countrymen, and never entertained any more Doubt of their Right to do so, than we do of sending Delinquents to Botany Bay, or to Tyburn; deeming it fair and just to difpofe of their Slaves , Prisoners of War, and Felons, according to their own established Laws and Cuoomns. Great Enormities, they punish with Death; but, unless it be in such despotic Governments as Dahomy, few but Criminals are sold to the Whites, except Prisoners taken in War; who would inevitably be put to Death, did not a more profitable Mode offer of disposing of them: and hence it is, that Persons of some Rank in their own Country , some times become Slaves in the West Indies and American Colonies; but the House of Bondage , flttily fpeakinig, maybe called a land..ofl_.ieedom to them: where, notwithitanding they do not enjoy preeminence, they may be comfortable; and where, although prevented from exercising Cruelty on others, they are always protected themselves. Those who are guilty of Theft, Adultery, or the imputed Crime of Witchcraft, if they escape Death, are sold for Slaves . To deter them from the Commifiion of these Crimes, their Situation in foreign Slavery , is represented to be attended with the severest Tortures; which, fortunately for them however, are not realised: as will appear hereafter. Nor is it to be wondered at, in a Country of so great Extent, and so little Civilization, that the greatest Part of the Africans, brought to the European Colonies, are condemned to Slavery , for Ads of Delinquency; since Great Britain alone, under the superior Advantages of its Religion, Laws, and Manners, produces annually above 2000 Conviais. SINCE the Labour of African Slaves has been found indif peilfibly necessary for the Cultivation of the Welt Indian Islands, B and id ation, han Plantations , from the utter iolicitous to acquire People being able to undergo that Fatigue, every European 4c, / Nation , having Colonies there, h been solicitous to acquire a hare in this Traffic; nor has the most scrupulous of them entertained a Doubt of their Right to purchase, what the Africans bad a right to dispose of. A MONG the Adventurers in this Trade , the British possess at fre!fnt the greatef Share of it. It was during the Government of the Conmmnwvealth, that Negroes were carried , in any Numbers, m. the West Indies , and then, chiefly to Barbados: asew Negroes were taken to Virginia, by a Dutch Ship , so early as 160o; but it mwas the Royal African Company , eihablifhed in 1672, that first carried on, from hence, a vigorous Commerce to Africa . We may form an Opinion of the Magnitude of it, in its most flourish ine State, prior to the Revolution in 1688, by considering that the Company employed thirty Ships annually, which delivered about o00o Negroes in the West Indies The Increase of it to its present State, may be attributed to the enterprzing Spirit of the Merchants ; to the superior Address of those employed in the executive Part of it;. to the Opulence of the Manufaturers, : which enables them to extend a Credit to the former, beyond. what can be had in any other Country ; and to the liberal Supply allowed by Government annually, for the maintenance of several' Sorts, and factories in Africa . From these concurring Circumstances, the Britilh Planters are supplied with Negroes , on more *eafonable Terms than their Neighbours; and a large Surplus left, which are disposed of to.the French and Spaniards for Specie, and. other valuable Commodities. THE Importance of this Trade to Great Britain, almodt ex ceeecalculation. It immediately employs about zo Ships , which sail annually for Africa , whose Cargoes exceed a Millon Sterling; fomse of which are the produaions of the Britifl Setolements in theeaft and Wft'r Indies ; but above 7oo00oool. is tit.) is.invelted in British Manufatlures. only. The Returns ofethde Ciargoes are conpted at a Million and an half. The Artificets and Mechanics empaloyed at Liverpool algne, receive ioo, oool. annually for Labour and Materials employed in equipping the Ships engaged in it; and exclusive of the large Sums paid for Sea. mens Wages, the Captains and Officers Commissions and Privi -- lege amount, at least, to 50, 000ooo. annually; which is generally realised there, and has contributed greatly to the rapid Increase of that flourishing Town. THE African Trade , conneted as itis with the West Indiaa Commerce , and that to the remaining continental C'ionies, and Newfoundland Fishery, is of the utmost Consequence totbe employment of many thousands of our fellow fubjeas, i the Naval Power of Britain, and to the Royal Revenues; all which are, conjoined by sympathetic Ties. The Value of three Millions, at least, of domestic Manufacures, exclusive of other Merchandise, annually find a profitable Vent by means of the African and wvet Indian Trades ; and above five Millions of Property, afifing. from the Labour of Negro Slaves , employed in the West Indian. Islands, is yearly imported from thence; which contributes not lets than a Million and an half annually to the .Revenue: of this Kingdom. To carry on this immense Traffic, and. to supply there Islands with Lumber and Provisions, from the continental Colonies, and Newfoundland Fiihery, gives constant Employment to, at least, a thousand Ships , and to above 500ooo Mariners. To enumerate the fatal Consequences that would inevitably ensue from a Check given to this extenfivecom merce, exceeds the.prefcribed Limits ofthis short Sketch, butth~e shall be hinted at in the Sequel. THE Adventurers in this Trade , who have seen for near a