bia in this, one half at leaqf of each Ship's company is cmpfed cflacdfmei.n, yung imen, who in two ar three Voyages acfqure as much p, fejfcaal kro.vwled gualifies ibem afterwards sir an Station of a Sea Life. this t 15 1 ihis Trade is carried on as much to the Ease and comfott of thdi that are the subje&s of it, and also of: thpfe who. ondua it, as it is possible for human Ingenuity to devise,; That the Ships .emr ployed in it, are so peculiarly confitriuedfor the accomirnodatiop of the.negroes, as to be unsuitable for any: other Trade ., : hat the Opinion, which has been indutrioully propagated, of thqe. ships.being unequal to the Numberswhich were'.faid to berowd ed in them, is groundless.; from a Survey and admeafuremnent ef them, by anexperienced naval Officer appointedby Gdv'ernment. .That, on the Voyage from Africa to the 'Weft Indies , the'ne groes are well fed, comfortably lodged, and have every Atttn tion paid to their Health, Cleanliness, and Convenience.; : That the Captain's Cabin is appropriated to the ufe of'fuchas: are. sick; where proper Care, and'medical Aid, are duly adminifered to them; and, that by an admirable r egulation, the Emoluments of the Captains and Officers, employed in this Tiade, are conneted with, and depend upon, the Health and good Coni dition of those whom they have the Charge of conveying. The Mode of obtaining Negroe Slaves in Africa , has'been demonstrated to be in a Way perfecly fair, and equitablei by a Barter with the'natives, The Crime of Kidnapping, as it is; termed, with which the Traders to africa have been reproached, proves to be groundless: for the African Committee, whose 'Business it is to take Cognizatce of such an Offence, and for which the Law inflicts an heavy Penalty, have reported, 'that but one Instance of it has come before them in the Course of near forty Years. It has also been shown, that, inconsequence of this Trade , many innocent Lives are spared, that would otherwise he sacrificed to the superstitious Rites and Ceremonies of the Country ; many Prisoners of War exempted from Torture, and Death; and the Punishment of many Crimes commuted from Death to Slavery ; and, finally, that i is the lot of mt of thdfe that ( i6) that are brought to the Colonies, who, generally speaking, were Slaves in their own Country , only to exchange a black Master for a White one. That the Wars which have always existed in Africa , have no Connexion with the Slave Trade , is evident from the Universality of the Practice of it between Communities in a Savage State. The oldest Writers, as Lea, and others, have represented the Africans as living in a State of War, and Rapine, long before the Commerce with Europeans, was introduced amonft them. Besides the Motives of Ambition and Resentment, which the African has in common with civilised Nations , the turbulent and irascible Disposition of a Negroe , prompts him to haras his Neighbour; and, lured by the Love of Plunder, before he ever fiw an European Commodity, as the Value of an Article depends upon the Estimation it holds in the Fancy of him who covets it, the rude Productions of the Country , the Trinkets of Gold, or Ivory, c. were as much an objet of his Desire formerly, as the Acquifiton of European Manufactures can be at pres: nt. So far from the Whites being accefiary to these Wars, as has been unjufily alleged; it is notorious, that the Europeans trading there, deprecate a War as the greatef Inconvenience that canhappen to them: Tiadeis entirely suspended during its Continuance; and the Term of their Voyages is thereby protracted much beyond the usual Time. Hence arises an inevitable In creae of Expense, and an additional Rilk of Sickness and Mortality, which cannot be compensated by a few additional Slaves , that may occasionally be brought to Market in Consequence of it. The Aifrtion, that farther supplies of Slaves from Africa , are not necessary to the Cultivation of our Islands, scarcely merits a serious Refutation. It is dictated by the same miffaken Policy, that preferred the Wilds of Canada, at the Close of a former War, to the Possession of the truly valuable Sugar liands; which, after being wrefed from our Enemies and Rivals, at the Expense of much C 17) tmuch Blood and Treasure, were again repfored to them in an evil: Hour. Those who have the good Fortune already to enjoy Sugar Plantations , may wish for the xclufive Polrffltoiof them; and. look upon every additional Eftabliffhmentof'that Sort as interfering with their Interest. But which is to preponderate, private Considerations or public and national Welfare? Are no new $ettlements to be made, or old ones to be extended? Is Industry to be limited, and' Improvement prohibited, in. thi most valuable of all our foreign Possessions; where a Supply from Propagation alone adequate to the Services required, is never to be expected ' HOW the Negroes , occupied in the Colonies, are now treated, remains next to be considered; and cannot be, better related than nearly in the Words of an elegant Writer, who has very lately favared.the Public with his Observations on this Subjet. NEGRO Property, is anq bjea of such Value and I mnortanq to the Proprietor, that he is disposed to cheri t by every prudent Mfhdi; andjindee n tathe .owwe.sstrama ns and a Chr tiaknlheseels avdent itiousaffea ontforreutin from tntereft Hence it is, that the Happiness and Misery of Negroes , in the West Indies , depend almost totally on themselves. If a Negro is slothful or flagitious, he is, like Rascals and Drones of Society in every well regulated Community, poor and : miserable; and subjea: to corre&ion, as a Punishment for his own Vices, and for the Initrution of others: but, on the Contrary, if he is.indutrious in his own Concerns, and attentive.to the Interest of.his Superior, mild in Temper, and tractable in Disposition, he is entitled to Indulgencies, which C Xthoufands, ( i8) diouands,