OF REPRESENTATIVES of the UNITED STATES The MEMORIAL of the PENNSYL VA NIA SOCIETY, for promoting the Abolition of Slavery , for the Relief offree Negroes unlawfully held in bondage , and for improving the Condition of the African race: RESPECTFULLY SHOWETH, T H AT, actuated by the same powerful motives of duty which excited your memorialists to address the late Congress on the fubjeet of slavery , in the month of February, 1790, we are again impelled to request your serious attention to the important business of the slave trade . We wish not to trefpafsiupon your time, by referring to the different declarations C made [ i8 ] made by Congress on the unalienable right of all men to equal liberty ; neither would we attempt, in this place, to point out the inconsistency of extending freedom to a part only of the human race. The objec of the present application is, to entreat you to confider of some method speedily to put into effect the two following Resolves, agreed to by the committee of the whole House, and entered on your Journals in March, 1790. "That Congress have authority to re" " the citizens of the United States "from carrying on the African trade for "the purpose of supplying foreigners with " slaves , and of providing, by proper regulations, for the humane treatment, "during their passage , of slaves imported , "by the said citizens, into the States ad' ' such importation ." "; That Congress have also authority to prohibit foreigners from fitting out vef " fels, in any port of the United States, "for transporting persons from Africa to "any foreign port." We hope our zeal in this business will not [ 19 ] not be regarded as an improper intrusion on your councils. We know not of any concern, in which human beings can be engaged, more likely to draw down a blessing on their country , than that of " doing unto others as they would that " others should do unto them." And, in the pleasing hope that this solemn truth will also gain a full assent in your minds, we submit the cause at present ; earnestly praying, that you may be so direced, in the consideration of this important business, that the result of your deliberations may tend to advance the honour of the United States, and to improve the happiness of mankind universally. Signed by order, and in behalf of the Pennsylvania Society for promoting the Abolition of Slavery , c. JAMES PEMBERTON, Preficdent. JOHN M'CREA, Southeast jost vp. oi~r, ssecretaries. JOSEPH P. NORRIS, J Philadelphia, October 3, 1791. 21 To the Honourable the CONGRESS of the UNITED STATES The PETITION of the Members of the WASHINGTON SOCIETY, for the Relief of Free Negroes , and others, unlawfully held in Bondage : SHOWETH, T HAT, inasmuch as, by conftruetion of the ninth feetion of the first article of the government of the United States, a traffic to Africa for slaves may be carried on by such of the States as may think proper to admit slaves ; your petitioners, deeply impressed by the unhappy policy which rendered such a conftruetion of the said feetion necessary, do humbly pray, that the honourable the Congress will, by law, regulate the traffic, or trade , in such manner, as may lessen the miseries of the unhappy Negroes on their passage by sea, which [ 22 ] which usually attend them for want of air, vicuals, and convenient room and your petitioners further pray, that Congress may, so far as may be confiltent with said section, difconrage all such traffic, by preventing foreigners from bringing slaves to the United States, and citizens from carrying on such trade to foreign countries And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will pray. Signed, on behalf of the members of the Society, ANDREW SWEARINGEN, vice prejident. 23 j*tarplanb. To the Honourable the CONGRESS of the UNITED STATES The M E M O R IA L of the Subscribers, formed into a Society for the Abolition of Slavery , fc. in BALTIMORE: RESPECTFULLY SHOWETH, THAT THE objects of their association are founded in reason and humanity . That, in addition to an avowed enmity to ilavery in every form, your memorialists, in their exertions, contemplate a melioration of the condition of that unhappy part of the human race who are doomed to fill the degraded rank of slaves in our country , and a protection of the unhappy sons of Africa , who are entitled to liberty , but unjustly deprived of it. In [ 24 ] In the prosecution of a work of so much benevolence, your memorialists would gladly claim the assistance of your honourable body ; but, with pain, they observe, that the constitution of the national government prohibits all interference, for a limited time, in the policy of any of the existing States, refpeting the migration or importation of such persons as they shall think proper to admit. Whilst we deem this restraint a temporary fanetion to the partial infracion of the rights of man, recognised by the laws of some of the States, and so far a defeet in the noble ftruture of our liberties , yet, such is our regard to the original solemn compact of society, that we solicit no deviation from the principles established by it. But, as your honourable body has justly and wisely determined, "that you have authority to re" " the citizens of the United States " from carrying on the African trade , for " the purpose of supplying foreigners with " slaves , and of providing, by proper regulations, for the humane treatment, "during their passage , of saves imported "by 1 25 ] "' by the citizens into the States admitting " such importation ; " and also " have au" " to prohibit foreigners from fitting out vessels in any port of the United " States, for transporting persons from AFRICA to any foreign port," your memorialists would humbly solicit, that, at your present session, you would exercise such your authority. It is no less painful to know, than