Trade with Africa . Even lmr. Ste .eens allows, that Blacks are carried into Turkey, ( 31) key, for the purposes of state, of luxury, and even for the seraglios of Muslims. As to the fact, I will admit that gentleman to be right; but he is erroneous as to numbers; for, my Lords, the numbers annually transported by the Eastern channels to Turkey, to Egypt, to Russia, and to the East Indies , are immer: southeast. I will not shock your Lordships minds by the horrid cruelties and barbarities which the miserable and devoted wretches experience from the gratification of their Mahomedan and Eastern masters. And here, my Lords, I have a right to draw a contrast between the humanity of the West -india Traders , and the atrocity of those now described. In one case, we find the milk of human kindness; in the other, acts of turpitude and violence which outrage the sensibilities of nature, and mortify and disgrace mankind. The Portuguese transport 40, 000 annually to the Brazils. The French, previous to the revolution, during the last peace, supplied their ( 32) their own islands with Negroes , from the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope. I beg leave, my Lords, to impress upon your memories a few stubborn facts. The Portu g; ue e and native merchants in India, carry en at this time the Slave Trade through Bombay. Since tlat period, a tax has been laid upon the importation of Negroes into that place by Britidh merchants . I am the last man in the world, my Lords, to detract from the merits of those concerned in the management of this business; and I dare say, the Court of Directors of the East-india Company were actuated by the most laudable and humane motives, when tlhey imposed a duty upon the importation of Negroes in British bottom. But with all defr cnce to that high and respectable Association, I think it a matter of - great national importance , seriously to consider, how far it is prudent to encourage not only the Portuguese, but even the native posoers, ( 33) powers, in efforts for the improvement of navigation, and the consequent increase of seamen, in seas so remote from our home possessions. And here, my Lords, I wish to remark, that this observation arises from pure motives of patriotism, as I am fearful of impolicy and danger from such rival powers, when usurping and armed with the authority of the moment. Permit me, my Lords, to illustrate these observations by some additional truths. It is a fact, perhaps well known to every British Officer of the army and navy who has been at Gibraltar, that the Emperor of Morocco has a very large black army within his dominions, the number of which he regularly maintains by sending down armed Moors to bring away, by force, the negroes from their wives and families, without the advantage of barter, and without the most distant respect to the customs and manners of the Africans. D I have ( 34) I have said thus much, my Lords, upon the subject of Africa , upon its trade , and upon the state of the petitioners in favour of the Bill, namely, the Sierra Leone Company . I shall therefore conclude my remarks on Africa with the strong and memorable words of Mr. Park: - "Such are the general outlines of that system of slaver which prevails in Africa ; and it is evident from its nature and " extent, that it is a system of no modern " date. It probably had its origin with " remote ages of antiquity, before the Ma" " explored a path across the de" " How far it is maintained and supported by the Slave Traffic, which, for "two hundred year the iiatives of Europe have carried on with the natives of the " coast, it i neither within my province, "nor in my poxvr to explain. If my senti "ments should be required concerning the " effect swhich a discontinuance of tlat " commerce ( 35) commerce would produce on the manners of the natives, I should have no hesitation in observing, that in the present " unenlightened state of their minds, my "opinion is, the effect would neither be so " extensive nor beneficial, as many wise "and worthy persons fondly expect." Having, in what I have already had the honour of submitting to your Lordships, stated, that I should discuss this business upon the general question of Abolition , and being indeed supported by the arguments used both by Mr. Plomer and Mr. Stevens, I naturally come, having left the African Coast, to the Middle Passage . This subject having lately been much debated before your Lordships, I shall not labour under the unpleasant necessity of taking up a great deal of your time. I have declared, and I always shall declare, that I have been, that I am, and that I always shall be, a sincere friend to wise and humane regulations D in ( 36) in transporting tle Negroes from Africa to the West Indies . The noble Earl, mv friend, licrpoolj who so advantageously for the King and Country , and so honourably for himself, presides at the head of the trade of this kingdom, in the year 17ss, brought in the first Carrying bill a very wise and useful measure: For, my Lords, should the British merchants , under any false principle of gain, crowd the slave ships to that degree so as to produce pestilence and disease among the Negroes on board, it is humane , it i wise and praisewortly, of this Great Commercial Nation , to prevent diseased and in sected Negroes from being imported into the British West -india Plantations . Let foreign nations , my Lord, if they choose it, make no regulations for their own vessls. and let them import into their own islands, disease and discontent amongst the slavce brought from the coast of Africa ; but we, thank ( 37) thank God, are actuated by other considerations than mere gain. We