the most indisputable testimonies that the charges of cruelty , tyranny , and injustice were well founded? Cruelty and tyranny in the treatment of negroes by individuals, and public partiality and injustice in trials, both of white people for such cruelty , and of negroes for crimes of which they flood charged. What was to be done then? " If we report generally that some of the allegations and charges may be true, there will be great danger; but if we report particularly the result of our inquiries, there will be an absolute certainty of the Slave Trade being abolihed. Let us then throw a veil over the past, since we can neither recall nor justify it; but let us exert ourselves, by all means, to prevent the like enormities in future." I come now to my notes on the two Reports of the House, which were written as I read them: they will tend to give a juster idea of the subject, perhaps, than a more elaborate treatise. NOTES [ 1z J NOTES ON THE FIRST REPORT. " P. 2. The Committee are of opinion, that the ' principle of the said A of the Britifl Parliament " " founded in justice, humanity , and necessity; ·' and that the provisions adopted therein, when ·' further matured by the wisdom of parliament , ' must ultimately prove highly beneficial to the ' sugar colonies, inasmuch as it is notorious, that vessels have been frequently crowded with a { greater number of negroes than they ought in ' prudence to have contained. And it is the opinion of the Committee, that the wisdom and "authority of parliament might be beneficially exerted, in further regulations of the African " commerce ; particularly, in preventing the detention of hips on the coast; in prohibiting the purchase of slaves who shall appear to have been ' kidnapped, or deprived of liberty contrary to ' the usage and custom of Africa ; and in com' ' the said ships to transport an equal number of both sexes, and to provide ventilators, and a sufficient quantity of provisions, especially water. it seems not to be understood in " Great Britain, that the inhabitants of the West " India islands have no concern in the ships trad" " to Africa : The African trade is purely a ( British trade , carried on by British subjects residing in Great Britain, on capitals of their owni · the connexion and intercourse between the ' planters of this island, and the merchants of " Great Britain trading to Africa , extend no fur" " than the mere purchase of what British acts 1' have declared to be legal objets of purchase." * The Ad passed lar felion, With 1 i3 1 With refpe&t to the crowding of vessels, see notes in the sequel, on the examination of Messrs. Chifolme, Anderson, and Quier. The tender care professed here by a Jamaica House ofaffembly, for the rights and liberties of the natives of Africa , is too extraordinary a circumstance not to strike the observation of the reader. Those who have given any attention to the publications on the use, propriety, and justice, of the slave trade , will have observed that of those who defend the benefit, right and justice, the most able, that is, the most artful, perceiving the impossibility of jutifying our making slaves , or the encouraging others in the making slaves , of those who are born in a itate of natural and political freedom , either deny that the natives of Africa have such rights, or allege that they have forfeited them to the laws of their country by crimes, the punishment of which is slavery . Some describe the governments in Africa to be universally pure despotism, or they argue as if they supposed they were such, and conclude that the state of slavery in the British colonies is so much preferable to the condition our slaves were removed from, that the change is a real blessing. Long, on this subject, (fee chapters, I. II III Book 3. of the 2d vol. of his History of Jamaica, entitled Negroes ) determined to lay a solid foundation for the wicked conclusions he intended to draw, supposes them scarcely, if at all, superior to brute beasts; the conclusion from which is, that they were meant for the saves of men, white men to be sure, or Indians; for, according to Mr. Long, negroes are hardly men. t 14 1 men. Then having reasoned them down to a level with ourang outangs, or rather the ourangs up to, or rather above the negroes , he proceeds to state that their government is so arbitrary, and their condition Ib absolutely slavish, that it is a great melioration of their state to transfer them to the condition of slavery , them and their posterity, in Jamaica or the other islands. Now we see it is admitted that there are free people in Africa , and an anxious care is taken by the legislature of Jamaica to observe that the rights of those free men Shall not be infringed, left it might draw the good people of Jamaica into the dreadful predicament of having bought as slaves those who had a right to freedom . Now, if one who has seen how negroes are sold on board a Guinea Ship were to read this passage , and were to ask those conscientious committee men this question: -", You see, " Gentlemen, how very necessary it is to guard " against the kidnapping of free people of Africa , " and until some care shall be taken in that par" " by the wisdom and authority of the British parliament , pray how do you intend to guard yourself from partaking in the same guilt "as the kidnapper? How have you guarded against "it hitherto? I suppose you either took with you a "linguist, and examined those you intended to buy rome days before the sale; or if that could not be, "and as it is impossible at the sale, then I suppose on taking