Vincents', when the Maroons and Caribs increase? In Barbados, Nevis and Montserrat there is no decrease. In Dominica the births exceed the burials; and Grenada and St. Vincent are probably in the same slate. Even in Antigua the decrease is only three fourths percent in fourteen years. What reason then have we to suppose that the colonies are not come to that degree of maturity and improvement, which is sufficient for maintaining and even augmenting their population? Did not the barbarous and cruel practice of importation make the planters imagine that purchase is cheaper than breeding, and that a pregnant woman and children are a burden and not an advantage, their drivers would not with a cart whip rouse to their work the mothers, when giving the breast to their in sants in the fields, nor would their overseers give away children like a litter of puppies thirteen to the dozen. Ask the planters, ask the overseers, ask the surgeons, how their attempts to rear up young negroes have succeeded. They will tell you that they know nothing of the matter; ahat they never made the attempt and that pregnant saves generally procure abortion. In a latitude so congenial to the constitution of Africans qothing but this this culpable inattention could have prevented their increase and multiplication; as labouring people in a good climate and easy circumstances are found to be more prolific than any other class of society. In this way the colonies will acquire stability and have no insurrection to dread; for on all hands it is ackuowledged that the newly imported negroes are the fomenters of rebellion, and that, when most obedient and tratable, they are not halffovaluable as homebred slaves , who become domesticated by long usage, and attached to the family like old servants. Thus it appears that the intereftof the West Indies is better confuilted by the abolition of the trade than by its continuation. And were it not so; no small degree of expediency, no light balance of profit, nothing but absolute ruin to the colonies, ought to outweigh an eil of such magnitude, an evil which discredits our morals and police at home as well as our national character abroad. Having thus demonstrated that the abolition will be so far from ruining that it will improve the West Indies in every respect we shall find no great difficulty in showing that what is good for them cannot be bad for Britain. In the first place the loss of the African trade cannot injure the Britilh marine; because it is the grave rather than the cradle of tailors, two thousand six hundred and forty three out of twelve thousand perithingin a twelvemonth, whereas only one hundred and eighteen out of seven thousand six hundred in the Wetl india trade are missing in seven months. According to lord Rodney Guineamen are but a bad nursery for the navy; for the tailors that they furnish or that run away from thrm through bad treatment are from bad example or inveterate habit generally so debased in their moral character, or or so infeeted with bodily diforde!'i t'.: i; le few, .who happen to be pressed or to genter mu!l generally be di'charged for fear ticy f;.; ld communicate the contagion rither of vice or of diieafe. Do you desire a ficcimnen of their feamanlihip and humanity ? A crew of th. m having through want of skill and exertion flranded their vessel on an ifler of Jamaica made for the shore in their boats and left a cargo of four hundred negroes to perish. When the slaves by various arts gained the land, apprehensive of wanting provisions they malfacred them all, as they came; except thirty-three, who were sold as slaves . Can the navy then derive much afiftance from this seminary? No; nor will Liverpool be a great loser by the abolition of the trade ; as Africa consumes only a thirtieth part of its whole exports , and it is only a lottery yielding a profit to folne lucky individuals but causing a loss in the aggregate. Much misrepresentation as well as exaggeration has been practised in this business in order to mislead the house. With a view of persuading you that Guineamen swarm with future tailors, Tar Icton has been iiftrueted by his conffituents to as fert that landimen constitute one half of their crews, though it appears from their mufter rolls, and from the evidence ofheir officers before the privy council that they amount only to one sixteenth. The planters swell the value of their property to seventy millions, and yet it is proved by documents laid before the council that it does not exceed forty millions. By including repeated voyages of the same slip in the same year to America and foreign islands the tunnage is swelled to two hundred and forty thousand and the sailors are railed to twenty one thousand, though it be ob yious that each of them muss be reduced one half. Thomas Thomas King, lately the captain of a slave ship , informed your committee that a tingle merchant in London exported to Africa goods to the value of a hundred thousand pounds. But in this statement it was discovered that he included the vessel; as if a ship could be exported and sold to a naked savage. What impositions can be more glaring? The African trade seems to be no lets the school of subterfuge, evasion and equivocation than of cruelty , oppression and tyranny . Let us by its immediate abolition wash our hands of it; for now they smell of blood and are black with murder." Though the question passed in the negative, its difcuftion was attended with the advantage of me lioratirg the situation of the negroes in the middle passage , and of inducing the provincial legislatures to enact many laws and regulations in their favour. Nor wv: s this the only happy consequence. A body of philanthropick adventurers projected the eftablifhmen; of a colony at Sierra Leone, on the