by the finger and the general chorus, ome times constitute the whole poem. Five or six bars of music compose the whole length of the song. A circumtance which appears singular is, that the same air, though merely an unvaried repetition of the same tones, takes entire pofelffion of the negroes , and makes them work or dance for several hours; and what is till more extraordinary, neither they, nor even the white men, are disgusted with. the tedious uniformity which these repetitions might be supposed to occasion. This is owing to the warmth of exprefflon which the negroes introduce into their songs. So firong an inclination for music might become a powerful motive to ation under the direction of skilful hands. Festival games and rewards might be eftablilhed for this purpose; and there, conduted with judgement, would prevent that stupidity so common among slaves , lighten their labours, and preserve them from that constant melancholy which consumes them, and shortens their days after providing for the preservation of the blacks exported from Africa , the welfare of those born in the West Indies Should be considered. The negroes . are not averse from the propagation of their species, even in the chains of slavery ; but the cruelty of their masters hath effetually prevented them from fulfilling this great end of nature. Such hard labour is in general required from negro women both before and after their pregnancy, that their offspring is either. abortive, or lives but a short time after delivery. Rendered desperate by the punishments which the weakness of their condition occasions, mothers Sometimes snatch their children from the cradle, in order to strangle them in their arms, and sacrifice them with an enthusiastic fury, roused by a spirit of revenge, mingled with the tenderest sentiments of compassion, that they may not become the property of their unfeeling oppressors. This barbarity, the horror of which muss be entirely imputed to the Europeans, may perhaps in time convince them of their error, and so far operate on their sensibility as to induce them to pay more attention to their true interests. If so, they will then perceive, that they injure themselves by committing such outrages against humanity ; and if they do not become the benefators of their saves, they will at least cease to be their executioners. They will even perhaps resolve to set free those mothers, who have reared a certain number of children; and as the allurements of liberty are the moil powerful motive that can influence the human heart, the negro women, animated by the hope of so great a blessing, to which all would aspire, yet few be able to obtain, would be filled with a virtuous emulation to bring up their offspring, whose number and preservation would secure them freedom and tranquillity. Having taken proper measures to secure to their plantations , those succours arising from the natural fruitfulness of the negro women, the planters will next These reasonings relative to the negroes , are chiefly borrowed from the abbe Raynal: but who can confider a subjet after so philosophic a writer, without being enlightened 30. attend 30·~~~~~~~ : 2 THE' HIT - stortf OF AM E RIA. 'BOOK III attend: : to the care Of' conducting, and extending cultivation, by means of popu "i'' '- lotion, and without foreign expedients. Everything invites them to 'efablifh this natural system. The settlements of some powers daily acquire extent, and. mranual labour increases over all the West India islands. Africa , where all Europeans go to recruit the population of their colonies, daily furnishes them with fewer negroes , and supplies them with worse men, and at a higher price. This source for obtaining slaves will be gradually more and more ex 'hauled. But allowing'that no such change in trade should take place, which is granting a great deal too much, as it seems rieither distant nor uncertain, the state of the question will not be materially altered. A great number of the slaves brought from Africa perish in their passage , or immediately on their arrival in the New World; they are sold there at a very advanced price; few of them live long; and those who attain a wretched old age, being accustomed from their infancy to idleness, are frequently so ignorant as to be altogether unfit for the em ploymnents to which they are destined: they live in a continued state of defporr dency, on account of the severity of their toils, and their eparation from their country and kindred; whereas cultivators born in the West Indies , always breathing their native air, and habituated to labour by their parents in early life,. would acquire. a particular aptitude for all the useful arts, and be in all respects superior to slaves transported from a distant country , and doomed to a state of perpetual exile and rerfraint. The method of substituting in the place of foreign negroes those of the colonies themselves, is very. obvious. It wholly confifs in superintending the black children that are born in theweft Indies , and in moderating the servitude of their mothers, as well as of such female slaves as are likely to prove breeders. It will also, be necessary to require such navigators as frequent the coasts of Africa to form their cargo of an equal number of men and women or even of a greater number of women, during ome years, in order to reduce that disproportion which obtains between the two sexes. This last precaution,, by putting the pleasures of love within the reach of all the blacks , would contribute to their speedy multiplication. Those unhappy men, forgetting the weight of their chains , would with tranfportr see themselves renewed in their offspring. The majority: of, them are faithful, even till death; to those negro women whom love and slavery have aligred as their companions. They treat them with that compassion which the unfortunate mutually derive from each other, even in the rigour of their condition: they comfort them under the load of their toils; they sympathise