yet morally wrong? The abolition of the Slave Trade , will it is hoped and believed, neither injure the individual, or contract the commerce of this county, but open to us new and productive sources of trade . The natural productions of o6 Africa are numerous and valuable, as sugar , cotton, indigo, rice, indian corn, spices, and tobacco, ivory, gold, and wood. These may, by cultivation, be brought to as great perfecion as in any tropical country in the world; and the natives want only the motive (for they have knowledge and industry) to present the Europeans with these articles as saleable, and as good in their kind as either the products of the East or West indies . The friends to the Slave trade treat this as chimercial, and assert that the negroes will never work at all. They are always willing to labour when they have any prospect of being paid. They not only wood and water the fmips, but hire them. selves as labourers to the Europeans at a low price. Their wish is always tb trade in the produce of their country ; and, they all say, was the Slave trade stopped, that they would soon find another. in the abftra& of the evidence, you will find a short account of filch regulations in the treatment of the slaves , as would, if adopted, greatly alleviate their sufferings, increase their numbers by births, and render their labour much easier, without any loss of time to their mailers. Wherever these alterations have only in part taken place, every expectation has been fully answered. And in several of these plantations , the slaves have increased so fail, that without the importation or purchase of a single negro , the proprietors have not only been enabled to cultivate their plantations with full efife, but to stock other settlements from the surplus of slaves bred and raised upon theeft estates. And there is not a doubt, but if the regulations were wholly adopted, there would be no necessity to continue the importation of slaves from Africa . The most obvious causes of crease among the slaves are these. Excessive toil, severe punishments, and unlimited severity; the promiscuous intercourse of the sexes, and of the black women with the white men; want of attention to the pregnant women, and neglect of the children when born. The causes of increase by births, or the remedies of the above evils are next illustrated by the following extrat. The causes of the increase by births, on one of the estates mentioned, viz. on the Marquis de Rouvray's of St Domingo, are described by Captain Hall, as follows: The slaves were never hard pressed in their work. The Marquis suffered no improper intercourse between the males and females: every man had his own wife, and no white was sus sered to disjoin that union. Hospitals were built for the sick and pregnant. The latter, when far advanced, were taken in there, and employed in trifling work, till the time of their delivery. Here they might remain, separated from their husbands, and excused fgm field labour, i ll te CJ d could be sup D ij 2 ported ported without the mother's help, or when their strength would permit, return with the child to their huibands, and take the chance of work. In consequence, the Marquis had not, for some years, occasion to buy negroes . Having, however, left his estate to the care of a nephew, upon his return, after an absence of two years, instead of the happiness that reigned when he left it, he found nothing but misery and discontent. The whites had seized upon the pretty women: their husbands, through discontent ran away, and the labour falling heavier upon the rest, they became discontented, and their work was badly carried on: so that it coil him two years, before he could reestablish order. It was a pleasure to walk through his estate; for the slaves used to look upon him as a father. It is of importance to cite this estate, because, in consequence of the above regulations, its gang increased; because, when they were violated it went back; and because, when they were re eftablilhed, it was restored to its former state. CONCLUSION. tile outlines of the evidence on the part of the petitioners for the Abolition of the Slave trade , has now been laid before you. The nature of the trade briefly explained, and you have been informed in what manner it is conducted; by open force, and secret fraud. You have seen every principle of honesty eradicated from the breafis of Africans, and the virtue of kingdoms gradually worn down, by their intercourse with the European traders . The condut of the captains, the hardflips and mortality of the seamen, and the sufferings of their wretched cargo , mull not only have excited your pity, but roused your honell i: dignation. You have been conduced also to though plantations , and there witnessed scenes too flocking to be again repeated. And you will be ready to exclaim with every friend of humanity , the Slave trade mull be abolished, and the national guilt, and the national disgrace must perish together. Was the wealth of the West indies , or its commercial consequence to Great Britain increased tenfold, we would not hesitate to rejec them upon such conditions. It is, however, but jufi and candid to observe, that the evidence on one fide only has been yet stated. The other is not purposely withheld, with a design to propagate falsehood, or conceal the truth. To have given even a iketch of it in a tract like this, was impraticable *. The evidence on the part of the petitioners, The whole of the evidence may be seen in the Minutes of the lioufe of Commons. And an impartial abftr t of these Minutes, in Four Volumes. is in all the Public Libraries, and some copies are Iodged allb with Mr. Hailurrion of the lx.ife Oice, Eiinburgt. petitioners, is positive, attesting facts which were done in