Negros Ladinos feleced to converse with the slaves on the 7 voyage , and to allay their fears, - 835 Few, or none of the slaves die on the pal'age, : 34 Duty, freight, regulations refpeating the Portuguese 8 L ave trade and slavery ,, 35 Abftra& of the Portuguese direedorio, - 836 Prices of, and duties on slaves in the Brazils, i \ Slaves very well treated in the Brazils, - b. In Come parts of the Brazils one day, in others two days; j in the week, allowed them, besides Sundays, 833, 83s C As the laws protea the slaves from any punishment) "from their masters, they are therefore, it is ima, g3 " gined, more humanely treated than thole of the C there European settlements," J '« All fllaves in Portugal that shall be born'after the date) C qs this law (t6th Jan. 1773) (hall be free, and, 836 " they (hall be capable of receiving, offices, ho" " and dignities," -. ct The maintenance and clothing of a slave in the "Brazils is fippofed td stand his master in about dt 1 " per day; yet, notwithstanding, it is the opinions Q of a person experienced in the slave trade , and 83 ." vell informed in the management of them, that, ( ' if means could be found to keep up the number of " negroes in, the colonries, and let them be perfealy ' free, the cultivation would be carried on cheaper, '" I ( 34 j) DUTCH SLAVE trade AND SLAVERY . arne d poge of the Denied Belieted Doubted Report. page. pe P _ Hottentots made slaves by the Dutch. Cape of Good 7 Hope supplied with slaves from Batavia, Number of slaves imported into the Dutch West india 1 4 colonies, with their prices, - Number of flave ihips employed. Their cargoes , ib. Loss offlaves on the passage , from 5 to Io percent. ib. Decrease ofthedutch slaves 5 percent. per annum, ib. No missionaries have been sent from Holland to Africa . 1 b Moravians atsurinam, -|. Dutch attempt to cultivate cotton in Africa , - ib. Dutch slaves exempted from labour on Sundays, and high ferivals,. - Extrat from the resolutions of the states of Holland, of May Ilth i788, respecting the slave trade , and the 847 West India trade , - Dutch planters petition for the importation of slaves , 842 844 Dutc planters, their bills often bad, - 849 Dutch West -india company possess neither money nor 7 credit, - - e ..847 DANISH SLAVE trade AND SLAVERY . No account yet received of the Danish flavetrade, 85x.- _ Danih slaves were severely treated 30 years ago, ib. But, since the Moravians have been eftablilhed in Santa. Cruz, have been more humanely treated, b. : Good eens of the Moravian millions, -. ib.. Converted slaves better than the rest, as they behave better, ib. The mafiers are glad to have them attend the Moravians, ib.. They are punished for being absent at muster, and for not 1 b picking grass enough, - J If a Danish planter treat his slaves ill, the government i takes the plantation out of his hands, and sets truf 463, tees over it, to manage it for his benefit, J The dani{h government, being arbitrary; operates.as a lb. check upon the planters, - e - ENGLISH WEST -INDIA TRADE .. - not benefited by Great britain superior share in i6 theflavetrade, - - 9 - export trade offugar now engrossed by France, ib.. Free ports objected to by the planters,. - ib.. -- - yet not hurtful to their interests - " Numbers of the planters are really in a very little bet 9 "ter situation than nominal proprietors,"' ( 35) ENGLISH TRADE IN WOOD, IVORY, c. Affirmed Dead Blieved Doubted page of the Report page page page -- not very profitable, -- -- _ 73 75 --. may be extended to great advantage, - 96 - - 73 - much hurt by have ships purchasing wood, c. 75 - articles for a homeward bound cargo , ib. -- bounties proposed for its encouragement, 97 Africa abounds in valuable returns, - 98 Los of seamen in the wood trade , only half the loss inl r52 slave trade , - - That loss would diminish when the trade became regular, ib. wood veffels nzow out from 5 to 15 months. In the new lb. trade would be out 3 months only, SLAVE merchants . Black flave merchants , - - 2 9 3 3 t 35, 37, 48 -- -_ -- - appointed to trade by the king ofdahomy, 45 "' A proposal was made to General R, by an Englifnh " merchant , to invite a number of negroes to an " entertainment, and then send them on board 27 " some (hip and sell them, - J Governor Wall, a great flave merchant , - 28 Broker between buyer and seller, - 29, 30, 58 Moors exchange salt for saves, - - 30 Black traders bring accounts, in 40 days, to Sierra Leone, of the defeat of the Spaniards at Gibraltar, 35 Principal, black traders trusted with goods from the (hips, 52 see .55 Princes the greatest traders , - 57 Whites, on the coast, not deemed worthy of any credit, 58 -- deal fairly with the natives, -- 69 Several British flave merchants have lately moved a con)) share of their capital to France, - 3 ENGLISH SLAVE ships .. Europeans, particularly the English and Dutch, frequently sail away with free negroes , - 24> 47 The natives invariably avenge themselves on the next) 79 trader , - - Hence flave fhips are frequently lost, and their crews) {24, 137, 139 cut off, - - f 1147 Two boats crews all cut off but one man 54 Outfits of flave fhips tend to prevent the increase of97 ihipping, -. conftru&ion and divisions of slave ships , - 12, i123, 203 Could not be improved, - - - 121 X 23 furnilhed with veptilators and windsails, -. 16, Ig9 Ir C 36) ENGLISH SLAVE ships . Ag