the condition of a Slave . But some of the advocates of West Indian Slavery say that cruelty is not necessary to this Slavery ; that whatever be the condition of the African Slaves in the West Indies they are rescued from greater cruelties in their own country ; that they are happier than the poor of England; and that they are happier in the West Indies , than at any time in their own country . I Shall confider each of these assertions in their turn. In the first place it has been said, that the Slavery and the Slave Labour of the West Indies is not necessarily accompanied with cruelty . There certainly have been some good and generous individuals, who so far tempered the labour of their Plan. ( 65) Plantations with humanity and attention to their Slaves , and softened the rigour of their condition by clemency and encouragement, that the abundant increase of the Slave families enabled the Proprietors to keep up the Stock employed in working the Plantations without the assistance of fresh Importation . * And yet these Proprietors made great fortunes. There cannot be a stronger argument against the Slave Trade . For it is evident from the conduct of there Proprietors that the very reverse of humanity and clemency is the source of the Slave Trade ; that the exercise of these virtues is perfectly confifent with the interest of the Slave Proprietors; ' A committee of the Society instituted in London for the abolition of the Slave Trade , published Jan. 15. 1788. a Report of their proceedings, from which the following passage is an extract. " The Committee have several well authenticated accounts of ellates in the welq Indies , on which the number "of negroes has been not only supported but increased, wilh "out any foreign supply, for several years: a circumstance, "which affords as ftlong a proof as the nature of the cafe will "admit, that a proper attention to the principles of humanity " in their treatment would preclude the necessity of any further "supplies from the coafis of Africa ." See the whole rps rt in You ng's 'nnmah f, rictiure, No.. 9. ol. IX p. 8;. and ( 66) and that the general practice of them through the West Indies would annihilate the Slave Trade . * But if it be not inconsistent with the interest of the Proprietors to be humane , why should they be cruel? This is a question very often and very confidently urged by the advocates of Slavery , but, as it seems, without reflecing that there is such a quality as per vefilnefs in human nature, which sometimes, to gratify caprice or passion, impels men to aft knowingly in opposition to their interests; and that men often mijlake the means of promoting their interests, and pursue measures, which directly counteract their views. This 'hat reason then is there for a public at of the Legifla. vure to abolish the Slave Trade , if private humanity will do it? This plain reason . Because, though, perhaps, extreme cruelty may not be a necessary concomitant of Slavery , any more than extrene vice is a necessary concomitant of human nature, yet Unless experience would justify us in supposing that tle example of a few humane and virtuous men would be sus ficicnr to courteraa the progress of cruelty and vice, there is little dependance to be made on any expetation that Slavery pr the Slave Trade will ever be privately abolished. might ( 67) might serve as a general answer to such a question; but it muss be added, that though humanity and indulgence is confifent with the acquisition of agreat fortune, it is thought that severity of labour will sooner repay the purchase money of the Slaves , and, if it will not in the end produce a greater fortune, will more quickly satisfy the demands of cupidity or want. But whatever may be the merit of some Proprietors in diminishing the miseries of Slavery , if no other circumstances of cruelty could be proved, if none of the horrid preliminaries of the Slave labour, either in the exportation from Africa , or in the probation of feafonlg -- in the West Indies could be ascertained, yet the mere privation of liberty , and compulsion to labour without compensation, is great cruelty and oppression. If no other fazts could be alt The seasoning is said to expire, when the two or three firit years of their firvitude are completed. CLARKSON 'S E; i.y en Slavery cp. 139. and RA: .!.ri'., efws t O. jeteions c. Introd. p. 19. leged, ( 68) leged, the involuntary submission of so many thousands to a few individuals implies, beyond a doubt, the employment of means the most tyrannical and oppressive to secure such sub jedion. * Indeed the general evidence of cruelty is so undeniable, that most of the apologists for Slavery attempt rather to extenuate the imputation than deny it. It has been said that if there was no market for the African captives, the greater part of them would be tortured and murdered by an implacable enemy; and that it is an act of humanity to rescue them by purchase. The humanity of the motive, who can but smile at? If life were an object to there captives, where is the humanity of rescuing a Man from immediate death to work him to death in a few years by the severity of labour? t or to subject him to an earlier death * See note p. 46. and note t p. I I. t It is generally allowed that loo, ooo Slaves are annually exported from Africa , and that one fifth (0, 000o) of them die during the Voyage ; and onefceurth of the Slaves importcd into the West Indies (: o, ooo) are supposed to perish in the fcafjn ing: i. e. 40, coo lives are destroyed before one slave is fit for the ( 69) by the cruelties of the afsoniizg, or by the hardships of the voyage , which transports him from his