There are however some who execrate the cruelties imputed to West India Slavery , but deny the imputation; others admit the charge, but contend for the miti K 2 gation ( 80) gation of Slavery rather than the abolition ; while others, without extenuating the cruelty of Slavery , or wishing for any material mitigation, confider the arguments against it from religion and morality, as of secondary concern, which muff give way to their ideas of public utility. To prove the sum of oppression, cruelty , and misery, resulting from Slavery , it is not necessary to establish a minute detail of particular fats. It may be said, and probably with truth, that many of the particular imputations, which have been objected to West Indian Slavery , are erroneous, and many perhaps absolutely groundless. In what degrees of cruelty and inhumanity the Slave labour is carried on, is not more difficult, than it is immaterial minutely to ascertain. The aggregate of these cruelties is sufficiently established by one undeniable proof, the annual consumption of Slaves , which is the support of the Slave Trade . It is said, that ( 8i) an hundred thousand * Slaves are annually exported fromi af.ica for the West Indies . Surely it is of very little consequence, whether all the particular instances of severity and cruelty imputed to Slavery can be sub flantiated or not, as long as the annual de Rrudion of so many thousand men is acknowledged a, in which cruelty and oppression are indelibly marked, by such crimson evidence, as cannot be waffled out by all the waters of the Atlantic. To think that a great Trade flould depend on such inhuman tyranny ! That a great revenue (hold be raised from the annual consumption of so many tholfand men! That a great revenue fiould be ground out of the misery of our fellow-creatures, who have neither alare nor interest in the profits of their labour I and that such a Trade should not only be permitted, but contended for, in a free SHARP's Appendix to his Reprefntat: in f ibe Iijuflice and dangers Tendency of tolerating Slavtii in E: gland, p. 27. Lond. 1771.-dr. PRIESTLEY's Sermon, quoted above, p. 51. See alto note t p. 68. Christian ( 82) Christian country ! a country too, that prides itself, and justly prides itllf, on poffefiing more genuine liberty than any other country ever enjoyed. Such oppression, and fiuch traffic, fhouid be swept away at one blow. Such horrid offences against God and nature can admit of no medium. Yet some of the more moderate Apologilts of Slavery think that a medium may be adopted. They think that Slavery ought not to be abolifled, but modi fed and meliorated by good laws and regulations. It is well observed by cicero, * that, " Incidunt multa fape caufx, quae contur "bent animos utilitatis specie; non cum hoc deliberetur, relinquendane fit honeltas propter utilitatis magnitudinem, (nam hoc "quidem improbum elt) - fed illud, pqoitne " id, quod utile videatur, fieri non uripiter." Dc Off. Lib. III C .o. t The author of COXSI D RAT IO s o that Emacipation cf Agrls, c. thinks orherwife. He says, rdlinfjlu.a ret ba ne/las prcrtr u: i!itatlii agniltdi;, e'. See the Potfj ript to these Cnfiiraticnr. That ( 83) That it is impossible for Slaveryfijri noaz turpiter, may in some measure appear from what has been * already said against the probability that any permanent good effects can arise from new laws and regulations for the benefit of the Slaves . The regulations, which the Apologifi Jjr Negro Slaveoy proposes as till necessary, t and the hardships and severe labour, which it is allowed by the author of Considerations on the Emancipation of' Negroes that the Slaves still endure, show that all the laws hitherto made have produced little or no benefit to the Slaves . But there are many reasons why it is very improbable that such provisions should produce any effectual benefit. The power which is exercised over the Slaves , and the severe coercion necessary to keep an immense superiority of numbers in absolute obedience to a few, and refrain them from insurrection, is incompatible with equity or humanity , and is obnoxious to abuses, which ' In the Remark on Dat. XI of the Sri, !rrare'carrc: r, and afterwards in note p. 46. f See clai, : son's Eifay on Slavery , Pres. p XIX no ( 84) no legal regulations can counterac. The power which a Well Indian master has over his Slave , it is impossible for the generality of masters or managers not to abuse; it is too great to be entrusted in the hands of any men subjea to human passions and infirmities. The ber principles, and motl generous natures, are perverted by the influence of passion and habit. It is no objection to this reasoning , that some Plantations have been managed with so much humanity and tenderness, (that is, in comparison with the usual treatment of the Slaves ; and as far as an inhuman condition will admit of the exercise of these virtues) that the plantation flock has been kept up for many years without fresh importation from Africa . In considering the condition of Wef Indian Slavery , I speak of the general management; and what that is, may be collected from tne prevailing maxim, that it is more beneficial to buy Slaves than to breed. ( 85) breed If it were possible that new regulations could introduce into all the plantations the same humane management, as was observed in the plantations alluded to, the Slave Trade would lose one of its strongest arguments, the plea of necessity: for there would be no demand for frefl Slaves frol Africa ; and the Trade would, of course, be aboliflhi ed. But there is too much reason for thinking, that the abolition of the Slave Trade ought not to be left to the uncertain operation of humane provisions for mitigating, what is in its very nature inhzman; and to the improbable compatibility of things so heterogeneous, as Slavery and