impunity, but also with the consent, approbation, and even affifance of the British legislature. Nay, 1 will venture to foretell, that the same will be for ever carried on, till some other method can be devised for supplying Europe with sugars , and with other produce of thefouthern climates, at a cheaper rate than what we receive through the medium of slavery . Cheapness alone would work a surprising alteration in the thoughts and dispositions of mankind on such fubjetls. For felf intere'ft (which in the present cafe is only another name for buying cheap) would do more towards exciting a frong aversion to the present monopoly of labour in our plantations , and to an abhorrence of the various cruelties attendant on slavery , than all the reasonings , moral arguments, or eloquence in the world. There. fore, as lowering the price of sugars , rum!, cotton, cc. is the grand object to be ate C tended [ 10 ] tended to, let Us see whether the present slate of Ireland can afford us any prospect towards attaining this important end. That is, whether the independence of that kingdom can, or cannot be made subservient to the cause of, humanity , by being used as a means for procuring sugars , c. cheaper at an European market, than otherwise they would have been. One thing is so notorious, that it cannot be denied, viz. That the English planters in general (doubtless there are exceptions) treat their slaves , or susser them to be treated, with a greater degree of inhumanity than the planters of any other European nation . The reason of which excess of barbarity is too easily accounted for. As, Ift, The English planters in general have greater numbers of slaves on their plantations than others have; and the greater the number, the more severity must be used to keep them in awe, and to prevent them from combining together in favour of that passion for liberty , which nature has implanted in every breast. 2dly, The English planters are more their own masters, their own lawgivers in their assemblies; also 4 the [ It 1 the interpreters, the judges (as jurymen), and the executioners of their laws, than those of any other nation . The very form of the English constitution, originally calculated for theprefervation of liberty , tends, in this in fiance, to destroy it. Consequently the English planters can indulge themselves in a greater degree of passion and revenge, than would be permitted under the absolute governments of France, Spain, Portugal, or Denmark. [See particularly the Code Noir of France. Moreover the regulations of the Spanish government refpeting negroe slaves , are still more humane , laying a foundation for the sober and industrious among them, by allowing them the profits of two days labour in each week, to purchase their own liberty in the course of a few years. And it may be observed in general, that though absolute governments are tyrannical themselves, yet they are a great check on the tyranny of their intermediate subjects; being ready to protea the helpless from being oppressed by any but themselves. This is remarkably verified in the cafe of those slaves who live under the Russian, Prussian, and Aufirian governments, compared with the C e hard [ 12 I hard fate of others, who still groan under the bondage of the nobles of Poland.] 3dly, Many of the English planters constantly reside in England, and therefore consign the care, of their estates to those tyrants at second hand, called bailiffs or overseers. Now this race of mortals hath a stronger interest than any others, to flifie all complaints against themselves, and to keep their principals as much in the dark as possible, refpecing the management and profits of their own estates. Add to this, 4thly, That the planters themselves, knowing that they have a monopoly against the mother country , because we are not permitted to resort to any other market, will keep up the price of sugars , and of the other produce of their own lands, as high as possible: at the same time, that they do not think themselves bound to purchase corn, provision, or any other merchandise at an English market, if they can buy the like articles cheaper in America, or anywhere else. From all there circumstances, no man can be at a loss to know the true reason , how it comes to pass, that the sugars , and other produce of the Britiff planters, are much dearer than those [ ' ] those of any other nation ; notwithstanding that our planters have many advantages in the purchase of their negroes , of their boilers, their mills, and of various utensils, which others have not. But the matter of fat puts this affair beyond the possibility of a doult. For while the common price of sugars in the British islands, in times of peace, is generally found to be about 25 Shillings fierling the cwt. that of the French is about i6 shillings- -- of the Portuguese about i2 ihillings and that of the East Indies , as I have been credibly informed, no more than two shillings and sixpence; being, N. B. raised or manufactured by freemene only. Now, though the inhabitants of Great Britain are tied down at present to such exorbitant prices, as the monopolising planter or his agent shall be pleased to extort from them; the inhabitants of Ireland are totally free, and may at any time retort to the cheapest market: consequently, by a judicious use and application of this freedom , they may become the means, not only of emancipating the unhappy [ i4 3 happy natives of Guinea fom their present galling yoke (though I own, by slow and almost imperceptible degrees), but may also convince mankind in general of the momentous truth, not yet thoroughly understood, That of all monopolies, ilavery is the moult prejudicial to the true interests of a trading nation . Suppoie, therefore,? that ships were fitted out from Cork, or Waterford, or from any other Irish port, with cargoes of