long as the trade was. permitted? It was a trade too bad to be continued; it was a system the House ought to condemn, as disgraceful to the Britilh nation . which ver way it was looked at, robbery, murder, perfidy, and desolation flared us in the face; in Africa , in the Middle Passage , and in the Islands, the same horrors were to be found, and those who carried on the trade would be found the moll abandoned beings; they were accustomed to cruel and ferocious habits, and proved themselves to be capable of unmixed, unfophofticated wickedness. He who loves justice will condemn the trade ; for that man who loves justice must love mercy. The Honourable Gentleman noticed the resolution of Denmark to abolish the trade , as an argument against the assertion of its supporters, that, if quitted by this country , it would be taken up by others. The present , he said, was a time Great Britain was peculiarly called upon to abolifi the trade ; possessed of prosperity and happiness, we were called upon to promote that of our fellow.crea tures; we were called upon to promote it, not by gifts, but by ceasing to inflict on them evils. The people of Great Britain had expressed their sense against the trade , and had addressed the House, as they valued the favour of Heaven, to abolifi it. If the petitions of the people of Great Britain were attended to, and the trade abolished, we llould be enabled to establish another of greater profit with the natives of Africa . By abolishing the trade , the House would do good in every part of the world. He invited all those therefore who were inclined to do goodbye wholesale, to vote with him for the abolition . He hoped Gentlemen were at length convinced of the wickedness of the trade ; and that the House would that night come to an unanimous vote for its annihilation: Bethought the recent enormities had been permitted by the providence of Heaven, for the purpose of rendering it impolfible that any one flsould dare to rise in defence of the trade . he concluded by moving, " That it is the opinion of this Committee, that the Trade carried on by Britifm fubjecs for Slaves on the coast of Africa , " ought to be abolished." After which he intended to move, " That the chair man be directed to move for leave to bring in a bill for that effica." Mr bay/ey, after desiring the petition of the West India planters to be read, declared that the question before the House was a question ( 163) tion of great importance . The views of Mr Wilberforce, he had no doubt, were benevolent and humane , but his attention was di. reeed to a wrong object. Mr Bayley stated himself to be an agent to the West India islands; he also stated himself to be a proprietor of Negroes ; he was therefore intererted in the subjet, which bad occasioned him to direa his attention more immediately to the difcufion of it. He conceived that the Slave Trade implicated. in its several departments, a great part of the Trade of Great Britain, which Trade would of course be materially affected, if the motions received the concurrence of the Houfe. the discussion of last year bad occasioned all the dilturbances in St Domingo, which had been sufficiently proved by the author of the pamphlet lately published in favour of the Slave Trade . The Honourable Member then proceeded to read a great part of the pamphlet, after which he conclu. dead by declaring the situation of the West India Negroes to be comfortable; and that the witnesses who had given evidence in favour of the Abolition , were a set of low, ignorant wretches, selected purposely from the refuse of mankind. Mr Vaugban declared himself to be a West Indian and a mer. chant. In the early part of his life he was for the abolition of the Slave Trade . He went to the wvel Indies on purpose to prove whether that opinion was wtll founded or not; while in the West Indies , he convinced himrflf that the Negroes were not in a fit condition to be restored to freedom . freedom generated certain mental wants. Slavery offfficd only bodily wants. If they were now to be emancipated , tl ey would immediately degenerate into idleness and wickedness. heir situation certainly migt be meliorated, but it was by no mtans so bad as had been asserted. He had also convinced himself that they were not III ufed and slavery and particular circumstances of cruelty excepted, their situation was certainly as comfortable as that of the lower orders of the people of Great Britain. The prtefnt frock of Negroes could not be kept up on account of the decreafc of population. This decrease was fated to be owing to cruelty . but the fat was othrrvsife it was to be attributed to celibacy, and to the small number of females compared with ti.at of the marls. Mr Vaughan concluded, by adverting to 2 conr., in; ntion of r any people against the West India planters, to injure them by rot ur chasing sugar , on account of its being producd from the labour of naves. Mr T'isri: an coiccivc2. that both the gentlemen who had spoken. agaitl ( ii) against the abolition had totally forgotten the main point, by omit. ting all allusions to the manner in which slaves were obtained. Mr Bayley had sated the Negroes to be as comfortable as they could be, and Mr Vaughan had aclnowledged that their situation might be meliorated. this was an argument that only enforced the necessity of an immediate abolition , which could alone produce that melioration. It had been indultriouly circulated, that the great political cha racers were on one fide, and the mercantile men on the other fide. He certainly meant to argue the question in a mercantile point of view, not however on any narrow principles of commerce , but on principles liberal and enlarged.