render the Blacks happier: the increase of their happiness would make the planter richer, and the islands laore flouriihing. If, therefore, the islands were the only objec of the present que: lion. he was convinced, that it would be for their interest and safety that the motion should be carried ; for, by removing the evils that did now exict, the increase of the population of the Blacks would be rapid and decisive, and do away every argument in support of importation . It had been argued, he said, that the slave trade was of importance to our navy but this was controverted, even by the mufter roils of the persons who supported the trade ; which documents proved. that, infiead of being of advantage to the conntr'. it Was extremely injurious, by the mortality it occasioned armone o: -: ( '5s) our seamen. The honourable Gentleman laid, by a comparison of the West India trade and the slave trade , it would be found, by the muller rolls, that out of 12, 263 men, employed in the save trade , 2640 died in the average of twelve months. But that out of 7640 employed in the West India trade , on an average of seven months, 118 only died: But deaths alone, in the slave trade , was not the whole loss of our seamen; for it would be found that numbers quitted their (hips, and that not more than half the number (hipped from England ever returned. It had also been argued, he said, that the abolition would be injurious to our commerce and general polity; but against both those arguments, he thought sufficient had been advanced las year; he was convinced, that when we fiould quit the trade , we flould soon be enabled to export more of our manufacures for honed commo. dities, than we did now for the blood and flehi of fellow-creatures. It was idle, and injurious to the character of the country , to assert, that the abolition would be contrary to the general polity of the country ; for the trade to Africa formed but a very trivial part of the general trade of the kingdom, and even but a small part of the trade of Liverpool and Briltol. If the House consulted the principles of humanity and juttice, they would at once decide in favours of his motion: but on humanity he did not rest alone the merits of his cause; he looked to the situation of Africa ; that arrested his heart, and was a cause he never would give up. Africa , by our means, was rendered a scene of horror that no tongue could express, or mind conceive. General reasoning had always satisfied his mind, that the constant purchase of Slaves made it the interest of the Princes and Chiefs of Africa to procure them by any means; by war, by rapine, or perfidy, by a promotion of condua, that had rendered a naturally fine and productive country , a continued scene of devastation and (laughter, for more than three or four thousand miles along the coast. This was proved by the evidence laid before the last Parliament by that evidence it was incontrovertibly proved, that when Kings or Chiefs wanted Slaves to sell to the British Ships , they frequently set fire to the villages at night, and seized the Natives as they were endeavouring to escape. Slavery was made the puniihment for the most trivial offences; and part of the money arising from the sale of a Slave , was the perquisite of the judge who condemned, and the man who accused; the laws were therefore turned to oppression, and the judge was interested $ U to ( 5s6) to condemn. If he were to go into a detail of the cruelties occasioned by our trade , he ihouid never have done; many of them had been lated in the last year, but one or two of a most atrocious nature, and aggravated by their having been comrr.itted since the discussion in that house, he thought it would be necessary to state: - They would prove, that our r.efels hovered on the coasts of Africa , for the purpose of promoting war and rapine; and were like vultures hovering over a field of prey. The tranfations, he would prove, were such as would show the whole fytem to be founded in robbery and in blood. Upon a former cccafion, he had flated, that fevercl lnegroes had been seized, and taken from the coast of the Cameroon river, by British snips; a different colour had been at. tempted to be put upon that tranfpc3ion, but it remained unrefuted. A transaction of a similar kind had come to his knowledge. An English (hip, flaying off the Cameroon, had sent away one cargo to the West Indies , but the Captain wished to take another; he sent a few White men on a watering party, and with them one Black man: a native trader seized him for debt, which being made known to the Captain, he took a strange method of revenge; he formed all his crew on the deck, and told them to blacken their bodies , and habit themselves like negroes , to execute a plan of his to revenge the seizing of the Negroc. He armed them, and went to the house of the unfortunate trader , who, hearing a noise, beat a drum to collet his friends. The Captain's party fired, and killed three of the trader's children, and wounded his sife in so desperate a manner that she died in three hours. One of the sailors was killed, and the otisers wounded, and they Wsih diflicultv regained their hlip. The Captain, however, remained trading for several weeks, as if no thi g extraordinary, or out of the common train of his business, had happened; but the Africans proved that they had feelings, and were capable of taking opportuniti.s to Show them. One of their Chieftans came, with his usual familiarity, to ask for muskets, and powder and ball, to go up the country to procure