confilent with the interest of the tlaves themselves. The Society established in Great Britain for Propagating the Gospel in Foreign Parts, are also possess fors of estates in the Welt Indies , as a collecive body . The feelings of there men were as sensibly alive to'the sufferings of their fellow creatures as any other Christians; and if they had considered it as the real benefit of the negro to be immediately emancipated , they would doubtless have thought it their most sacred duty to have done so. But, upon serious and mature deliberation, their judgement convinced them to the contrary, and they have been also obliged, in order to divide the work, to purchase others, and keep them in the same situation. The sole objec of investigation ought then to be, is the conduct of the West India planters to their slaves , considering the ordinary defect of human S power, worse than the usage of a master to hi servants should properly be? We shall now proceed to lay before the reader some account of the origin and existing slate of the slave trade . The following chapter shall contain an account of the negro , his character and disposition, of their conveyance to, and treatment in the West Indies ; after which I hall take notice of the abuses which are said to exist in the practice of the trade . Under the celebrated Prince Henry of Portugal, in i442, the first African slaves were carried from home by Europeans. Anthony Gonzales had captured two moors near Cape Bojador, and brought them home; but being ordered by his Prince to restore them to Africa , he sold them at the Rio del Ora, and received from the moors ten blacks and some gold dutt. The avarice of the Portuguese was awakened by this successful exchange, and a traffic was begun on a large scale. Forty years the King of Portugal assumed the title of Lord of Guinea. As far back as 1502 we hear of negroes employed in the mines of Hispaniola. Ovando, indeed, forbade their importation on account of the wickedness they taught the Indians; but so busy were the Spaniards in extirpating these unhappy people, that negroes were found indispensably necessary, and permission to import them was again restored. Twelve years after, at the instance of Bartholomew, a man whose philanthropy engaged him very cordially to befriend and protect the Indians, a patent was granted entitling certain persons to import annually 4000 negroes into the Spanifi West Indies . Las Casas is accufedof inconsistency in thus alleviating the miseries of one race of men at the expense of another. But let it be remembered, that similar evils inflicted upon different individuals will not produce invariably the same degree of hardship. Las Casas saw with grief and indignation the deplorable calamities of the unfriended Indians. He beheld a once happy and an innocent people, who had never known calamity till it was inflicted by the ilands of Europeans, reduced in a short time from I, coo, cc to 60, o00 individuals. He compaffionated their slavery the more because they had known better days, and were unaccultomed to the talks that were imposed. He calculated, therefore, very wisely, when he advised the avaricious Spaniards, since their minds must be kept in employment, rather to devote a hardy and savage people, accustomed to the severest tyranny at home, to the taflk, than those to whom oppression was new, and whole minds were too delicate for slavery . The negroes imported from Africa were, from their earliest years, the objects of severity, and their tempers had been consequently inured to the pain of it, and their bodies were, besides, of a firmer texture than those inhabitants of a delicious climate, to whom the fruits of the earth fprullg up almost fpontancoufly. Las Casas could not be ex S ij peaed, unless endowed with inspiration, to calculate the future effects of the traffic, and his condut was therefore as humane as it was judicious. John Hawkins was at that time in the service of Elizabeth, by whom he was afterwards knighted. Underftandilg that slaves fetched a good price at Hifpaniula, he was tempted to set sail with a fleet of three ships , one of 120, another of ic, and one of 40 tonnes burden. His armament was manned with Ioo men. He set out for Guinea, October 1562, and landing at Sierra Leone, by the most horrid and unjustifiable means collected 30 slaves . Touching at hifpanio!a, he made a profitable exchange, and returned to England after i months : bfence. The following year he sailed with six ships , among which was the Jesus of 700 tonnes, and being joined in his voyage by two others, proceeded to Guinea. After some difafers, he landed at Cape deverde on the African coast. Here he laid snares for the natives, whom the historian of this voyage represents as " a gentle and loving people; " but the crew of the Minion *, probably fiocked at the unmanly method he took to procure his cargo , gave a private warning to the unfufpeding natives; and Hawkins watched for them in vain. The admiral then parted from the Minion, and proceeded to the Island Alcatras. One of the two ships who joined Hawkins after he had plt : o ica. Here the English again tried their snares to inveigle the Africans, but they avoided them. They followed them in vain with their firearms, for they retired into the woods. Disappointment forced them to proceed to another island called Sambula. The natives of this island, it appears, were cannibals; and the English, humanely determining to punish their cruelty , burnt and destroyed their villages with great zeal. The natives, however, were too nimble for their search, escaping all their pursuits. Leaving the further particulars of this gallant admiral's exploits upon the African shore, we proceed to remark, that the French and Portuguese at this time maintained a contract with the natives to supply them with slaves . Their conduct was