woman: through childbearing, may appear a very exceptionable slave at 22 or 23 years of age, whereas a healthy well made man will not be objected to at 34 or 35; consequently, if an equal number of males and females of like ages were of sered for sale, a much greater proportion of the females would be rejeced on that account only. With regard to the quefion, whether the European traders prefer purchasing males rather than females? I have to observe, that though it is impossible to conduct the business, either of a house or of a plantation , without a number of females, yet as the nature of the slave service in the West Indies (being chiefly field labour) requires for the immediate interest of the planter, a greater number of males, the European trader would of course with to purchase his assortment according to the proportion wanted; but the is, he has not an option in the cafe, for the reasons already mentioned; so that in most parts of Africa it is with great difficulty he can get as many saleable females as will form any tolerable assortment." During the late examination before the Privy Council, upon the subjet of the slave trade , a number of hiocking instances were given to prove that 3 the usage of slaves on board the Guinea ships was inhuman and severe; but it has since appeared, that the assertors of these fads were men so difre fpedable in charater as to give but little recommendation to their flories. It is true, they are confined in irons, but that severity is exercised in no greater degree than necessity requires, and the young women and children are not under the smallest restraint. They are lodged upon deck between clean boards, and their apartments are regularly fumigated and cleaned. The greatest attention is paid to their health and their diet. Their meals are such vegetables and grains as they have been accustomed to in their own country , which are agreeably seasoned with sauce of meat, fish, or palm oil. Every meal is as plentiful as they choose, and if the weather be cold or wet, is accompanied with a dram. To conclude, if they should fall sick, they are treated with tenderness and care, and are removed either to the captain's cabin or a place appointed for their reception in the forecastle. By an ac of the 28th of his present Majesty, which has been since amended, firid limitations have been made with respect to the proportion of the cargo to the flave hlip. They are also obliged to be provided with a regularly qualified surgeon, and a premium, of a very respectable amount, is held out to the surgeon and the matter, if there be no more than a mortality of two in the hundred at the conclusion of their voyage . We may form a favourable opinion of the effect of those benevolent institutions, when it is mentioned as a single instance of the melioration produced, that at Montego Bay, from 1789 to 1791, the average loss of 38 Guineamen was fomevwhat less than even percent. Of these, eight were entitled to the full reward of 50 for only two percent. mortality; two received a half premium, and one schooner had not a single loss during her voyage . But perhaps a more firiking illuitration of the point arises from the fall of the mortality in the West Indian harbours: Of 9993 negroes imported into Montego in the space before mentioned, the loss was not quite three fourths percent. It must be, however, confessed, that in spite of all these precautions a dreadful mortality frequently prevails on board the Guinea ships . The mischief must be ascribed to its proper cause, which, to the disgrace of humanity , is nothing else than the avarice of the shipmasters in purchasing more than their vessel is calculated to accommodate. One is not sorry to find that they meet with a very revere reward, since, by such injustice, they frequently fultrate their own hopes; but to reflect that this loss of property is at the expense of so many innocent lives, muff assec every feeling mind with horror and indignation * Without endeavouring, however, to palliate such ads of iniquity, it may perhaps appear upon in Te loss is frequently 15 percent. in the voyage , and fou' and a half at the West Indian harbours. quiry, that abolition is neither the sole nor the best resource for putting a stop to the exercise of this avaricious barbarity. Regulations have been made, and have of late been strenuously renewed, which seem to bid fair for effecting the wished for cure. The West India planters, upon whom so much odium has been undefervedly thrown, are wholly unconcerned with any errors that may arise in the management of the slave cargoes . On a late occasion, they evinced their disinterestedness; for the assembly of Jamaica, disregarding any addition that might be made to the price of slaves from the ads of parliament passed in favour of negroes , concurred in the general wish for correcting the errors of the trade , and even entered with zeal in the cause of reformation. We have now treated of the means by which the Guinea traders are enabled to store their ships , and the regulations which have been adopted by the British parliament for the more comfortable conveyance of these slaves from the coast; it remains, therefore, to speak, in the next chapter, of their treatment, situation, and distribution among the West India planters. A a CHAPTER V Arrival and Sale in the West Indies negroes newly Purchased How Disposed of and Employed detail of the Management of Negroes on a Sugar Plantation mode of obtaining them Houses, Clothing, and Medical Care abufes late Regula. tions for their Protetion and Security -- Causes of their Annual Decreafe polygamy, &c. slavery in its Mildest Form Unfriendly to Population general Obfervations propofals for the further Meliorating the Condition of Slaves , with which