which the West India islands are supplied with their African slaves . Every feeling mind will no doubt regret the existence of a commerce which devotes so many human beings to be expatriated and enslaved; but our horror is assuaged to remember, that of these the greater proportion only exchange to a milder flaverv. That the trade encourages a spirit of rapine among the natives cannot be denied; at the same time it deserves consideration, whether partially Oliver, from Ai'intee, aged about 22, was the son of a free car p nter, and had been taken prisoner in an attack of the Frankees. He was transferred through the hands of six black merchants before he was sold to tie Ihllpmafter. Efthcr, a girl fi-om the Ebo country , relates, That she lived about a day's journey from the seacoast; but being on a visit to her grandmother, the village was attacked by a body of negroes (he knows not of what nat; on), her grandmother, with the other aged persons, were put to death, and herself taken to the coast, and sold. and suddenly to abolish the eifitence of the commerce would not be productive of real disadvantages, in place of effecting the end desired by those who are eager for such Rfrong and speedy mearures? For solving this importantrquetlion, we mull take into view, not only the situation of the saves in Africa , but of those already in the West Indies . In the sirs place, It is faife reasoning to suppose that Britain, withdrawing her share from the general demand, will effect a decrease of the quantity brought to the market; for although in other kinds of commerce the supply is generally regulated by the demand, yet in this instance the rule will not hold. When two African states are at war, the captives are dealt with in proportion to their strength and appearance. The old and infirm are massacred on the. spot; such as are able to travel a long journey are led to the seacoast, and of these all who are rejected are immediately put to death. From this it appears, that were Britain to withdraw her demand, there would be left a superabundance of about 38, 000 every year, who, unless bought up by other nations , must inevitably be sacrificed to the disappointed avarice of the black trader . In fiances, indeed, of this barbarous practice are so numerous, that they have been frequently perpetrated in sight of our own shipping ; so that in this cafe the remedy becomes abundantly more horrible than the disease. Secondly, Let an unprejudiced mind reflect upon the situation of the remaining negroes , in the West zij Indies , who are supposed to continue in a state of servitude. It is a sac too little attended to, that the disparity between males and females is so great in these islands, that without a new supply of women the race must at last become extinct. Besides, it should be remembered, that numberless estates are burdened with covenants of supplying yearly to British merchants a certain quantity of rum and sugar . Picure, then, the condition of a West India planter perpetunaly dunned tfr his covenanted ship ply, and unable, with the utmost stretch of his industry, to effect his engagement with a decaying flock of labourers. The slaves themselves will alfu gradually come to feel the hardflip of such an institution. At first the work of 20 is performed by g9, till at last the talk of that number becomes the talk of a very few. In this cafe, they are either wrought beyond their itrength, or they are goaded into rebellion, or the planter is circumscribed in the ground he lays under cultivation, and is thus incapacitated from the payment of his just debts. These dif: retes are not drawn by the imagination; they existed in Demerara, in all their severity, at the period when the prohibition was laid upon importing slaves . It thus appears evident, that a direct abolition , effected by a single nation , would neither abate the sale of those miserable victims who are transported to the West Indies , nor would it attenuate (nay, it would severely augment) the hardships of those who are there already. In addition to the above forcible arguments, we may add this single consideration, which certainly merits very serious attention. As long as the mutual temptation to sell and to buy flives continues, there will very probably be both European purchasers and African venders, in spite of all the decisions even of Europe combined in a system of refiraining it. And it need hardly be called up to the remembrance of any man in the smallest acquainted with the Well Indies , that an attempt towards prohibiting illicit importation would be, from the nature of the country , impracticable and absurd. The mode of conveying the Africans from their own country to the West Indies is a subject too important to be overlooked. Before entering upon this part, however, I shall offer a few observations on the disproportion of sexes, to which I before alluded. Mr. Barnes, a gentleman of very refpeodable authority, gives us the following sensible reasons , which may evince that the disparity is not the fault of the purchasers, but that it originates from other causes. "The disproportion in the number of male and female slaves exported from Africa (fays Mr. Barnes) appears to me to be imputable to the three following causes: First, To the practice of polygamy which prevails throughout Africa . Secondly, To some of the very causes of slavery itself; men are more apt to commit civil offences than women, and * Report of the Committee of Council, 1789. in all such cafes, where males and females are involved in the same calamity, the first cause still has its operation: the young females are kept for wives, and the males are sold for slaves . Tbirdly, To the circumrfance that females become unfit for the slave market at a much earlier period than the males. A