more humane , fur they only bargained for such of the natives as were slaves already, and who were occasionally used as a repast to the natives. Hawkins (unprincipled villain!) made a third piratical voyage ; but, by the mercy of Heaven, periflled, with all his gang, in the attempt. In 16r8, a company of merchants in London obtained a patent for exclusive trade . They were obliged, however, to abandon their projec, from the scantiness of the profits which accrued from their expeditions. Under Charles I. it was again granted to another application, and the profits turned out to be more considerable. But their fucce's at tradcing notice, others embarked in an illicit traffic, and interlopers of all nations pouring in upon the coast, this monopoly was abandoned, and never continued till 1662. Ten years after this period, no less a sum than ij, oool. were raised in nine months by the subscribers, for constituting a company ; a third of which sum was devoted to the purpose of building forts upon the coast. One immediate benefit that resulted from this eftabliflment, was the creation of manufacures at home. The Dutch had formerly supplied the Guinea traders V th all the flores for the voyage ; but woollen goods and several other important articles of traffic were now produced in Britain for their supply. They exported these to the value of 70, oc l. per annum. But the prosperity of this company was of short duration. Among other benefits of the Revolution, the abolition of all monopolies, the gifts of the crown, was obtained. The trade to Africa became tree, and the adventurers who embarked in it were numerous. For some time, however, the merchants , who had been disappointed in their profpcts of wealth, attempted to maintain the continuation of their monopoly, till, by an acd of William and Mary, their right, which before had been virtually, was now expressly cancelled. 1; vas by this ac declared lawful for any of his maj fly liege subjects to trade from Africa to the plantations in America, between Cape Mount and the Cape of Good Hope, upon conditions of paying ten percent. ad valorem, for exported gcr ds, at the time of entry. It was stipulated by the same adt, That any person, for the payment of an additional duty of ten percent. for the goods imported , should have the still more extensive privilege of trading between Cape Blanco and Cape Mount. The produt of these duties was destined for the good of the company . This law gave general discontent, and innumerable petitions were presented against it. The company prophesied their own ruin, and their fears were likely to be verified; for they had declined so prodigiously in 1739, that the Parliament were obliged to vote io, co. annually for the space of nine years *. In the year i750, after undergoing so many changes, the African Ilave trade assumed a new aspect. A law was passed for its encouragement and improvement, of which it is needless to detail the particulars, as the ad may be consulted. I shall now proceed to give a brief account of the countries with which this traffic is maintained. From Loango, St. Paul's in Angola, to Cape Blanco, extends this line of coast to the length of 1300 English leagues. In the province of Senegambia the British have an eflablilliment. It is watered by the rivers Gambia, navigable for many hundred miles up the country , and inhabited by the Mandingoes. * In the year 1 744, the grant was 20, 0001. which makes up the sum of ico, ccsl. grated by Parliament for the support of the flare trade . From Roxo to Appollonia, the settlements are principally Portuguese. The natives are called Man dingoes, though different in language. From Appollonia to the river Volta, the Gold Coast extends for icoo miles, and is divided into a number of petty slates. Shantee, Akim, and A quambou, three large kingdoms, of which little is known, form the inland country . Over all this coast the language is pretty similar. The natives are denominated the Koromantees, from Koroman tyne, a factory very respectable while it remained in possession of the English, but fallen into insignificance since it was taken by the Dutch. The next division is the Whidaw country , by some denominated the Gold Coast Proper. From Popo, a principality in this division, the natives of Whidaw are, by the British traders , commonly denominated Papaws. Next to this is the great empire of Benin, beginning on the west bank of the river Lagos, and extending as far as Cape Lopez. The negroes on this coast are in general denominated Eboes. A particular tribe are distinguished by the name Mocoes. The language of these is different from any other on the coast. To the southward of the river Congo, the Portuguese have considerable possessions. They have built and firongly fortified the city of Loango, St. Paul's, and, extending their commerce to the eastern coast, travel with caravans quite across the country . In reckoning the forts and satories efltablilhed by 3 European settlers, we shall find the following number possessed by the following nations : By the Dutch, - 5 - the British, - 40 - the Portuguese, 4 - the Danes, - 4 - the French, - 3 From Britain there is continual exportation to Africa of woollens, linens; Sheffield, Birmingham, and Mancheller goods; silks, cottons, clothes, arms, powder, shot, wrought brass and copper, and several other commodities, which annually return to England about 8oo, o0ol. There is an immunity of trading in few places of Africa . Wherever a brisk trade is kept up, the king, or chief man of the di ftric, claims a duty upon all exports . The exchange of commodities is managed in different ways. Sometimes the Britith purchaser comes up to the house of the black merchant , but more frequently the ship is made the marketplace. The factories eitablifl ed on the coast undertake to procure cargoes for their own vessels; and