Export Trade ; fcondly, the Import Trade . 3. T ihe I 3 The Number of Ships , with their Tonnage, which are annually employed in the Trade between the British Islands in the West Indies , and the remaining British Colonies in North America, including Newfoundland, since the Peace; specifying the Quantity and Value of the Articles of which such Trade consisted. 14. An Account of the Number of Slaves annually exported from Africa by the Subjecs of Great Britain, France and Holland, Denmark and Portugal; to which are added the particular Countries from whence the foregoing Negroes were ent. i5. The present Number of White Inhabitants, Free Negroes and Slaves in the several British West -india Islands, under the Heads specified in the Questions proposed to the Agents, and ent to the Governors; distinguishing each Year, and adding an Account of the Number that were in each of the said Islands in any former Periods, as far as the same can be obtained. i6. An Account of the Number of White Inhabitants, Free Negroes and Slaves in the foreign Islands in the Well Indies , and in the foreign Settlements on the Continent of America. 7. An Estimate of the present Value of the Slaves in the British Islands in the West Indies , distinguishing each Island. 8. An Estimate of the present Value of the Property in the British West India Islands, including the Slaves . i9. An Account of the Value of Imports from the foreign West Indies into Great Britain, from the Year i762, distinguishing each Year; to which are added the particular Articles of which such Imports consistcd, in 1785 and 1786. 20. An Account of the Value of Exports from Great Britain to the foreign Welt Indies , from the Year 1762, distinguishing each Year, and the Value of the British Manufacurc from the foreign Merchandise; to which are added, the particular Articles of which such Exports conffined in 1785 and 1786. 21. An Account of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage and Number of Men, whicl have cleared out from the Britifl Islands in the West Indies , between 5th January 783 and 5th January 1788, and of the Commodities exported in the aid Vessels to the United States of America, diflinguifiing each Year. 22. An Account of the Number of Veflcis, with their Tonnage and Number of Men, which have cleared out fi-om the British Islands in tle West Indies , between 5th January 1783 and 5th January 1788; 5 also also of the Commodities exported in the said Vessels to Africa , distinguishing each Year. 23. An Account of the Number of foreign Vessels, their Tonnage and Number of Men, which have entered inwards in the Islands of Jamaica, Dominica, Grenada, and New Providence, from the foreign Colonies and Plantations in America, under the several Ads of Parliament , commonly called the Freeport Ads, with the Amount of the several Commodities annually imported in the said Vessels for the last Four Years, distinguishing each Year and each Island, and distinguishing the so reign Plantations from the United States of America. 24. An Account of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage and Number of Men, which have cleared out from the Free Ports of Jamaica, Dominica, Grenada, nd,, Providence, in the last Four Years, dif tinguiihing each Year and each Island; also the Number of Negroes , and the Quantity and Value of Bread and Flour, and other Commodities annually exported in the said Vessels. 25. A Chronological Account of the Prices paid on the Coast of Africa for the Purchase of Negroes , and also of the Prices obtained for them whenfoldin the West India Islands, from the Year 1676 to the present Period. [K] t. A P P E N D I X Paper C Heads of Inquiry transmitted to the agents of the twef India Islands, relating to the Advantages which the French yejzf India Iands arefppofed at present to enjoy over the British Islands, C No.. ARE not the French Planters able to send their Sugars to the Eropean markcl at a luwci Price thn the English Planters? No. 2. Can you say, on an Average, in what Proportion cheaper than we do? No. 3. Can you assign the Causes of their sending it to the European Markets cheaper? No. 4. Does the English Planter cultivate his Land at more Expense than the French? State the Particulars and Reasons why. No. 5. Do not the French purchase from our Traders a great Proportion of the Negroes they want, and do they not pay a higher Price for them? No. 6. Does not a French Plantation , confiling of a given Number of Negroes , require a larger Proportion of imported Negroes to keep up the Stock , than the like Plantation requires in our Islands? No. 7. Is not the Price of Freight for a given Quantity of Sugar from the French Islands to Europe, greater than the Price of the same Quantity from the British Islands? No. 8. What has been the average Price of Sugar in the Englifl and foreign Markets (particularly the French and Portuguese) for as many Years back as an Account thereof can b.c. made up? A P P E N D I X Paper D. List of the Returns received from the Governors, Councils, or jfemnblies of the Islands in the West Indies , in answer to the quefjions contained in the Heads of Inquiry traf mitted to the said Governors. jamaica. A Report to the Lieutenant Governor from a Cominittee of Council of that Island, containing Answers to most of the said Questions. And Two Reports from a Committee of the House of Assembly, principally on the Subject of the Laws for the Protection of Slaves . Barbados. From the Government and from the Council. Antigua. From the Council and Assembly jointly. Montserrat. From the Council and Assembly jointly. Nevis. From the Council and Aflmbly jointly. St. chr ij/opher. From the Council and Assembly jointly. Grenada. From the Governor, and a joint Report of cil and Aflnmbly. a Committee of