in making Roads, Fishing, or any other Employments? 49. What Proportion does the Number of Slaves bear to the Number of Acres employed in each Species of Cultivation; and what is the average Proportion of Produce in each Species to the Number of Acres or of Slaves ? 50. Is the Corn, Grass, or Ground Provisions, raised in the said Island, produced from separate Farms, or from Lands annexed to the Plantations respectively, and worked by the Negroes belonging to the said Plantations ? 5. What is the Kind of Manure made ufc of in the aid Island? 52. If 2 52. If in general the Planters were to employ Mules and Cattle in carrying out the Manure, would it not be for the Advantage both of the Negroes and the Owners? 53. Upon any Plantation , with a given Stock of Negroes , and yielding on an Average a certain annual Quantity of Sugar , what may be supposed to be the net Income to the Owner, if living on the Island, after dedut ing the Charge of maintaining and clothing his Negroes , the Wear and Tear, and other necessary Expenses; and what the net Income to the Owner, living in Great Britain? [ I A P P E N D I X Paper B. Plan for flating the Accounts that have been calledfor, to Show the Extent of the Trade in all its Branches, and the Number of the ree Inhabitants and Slaves in each of the ijlands in the Wef indies , ofar as the said Accounts could be procured. I. ~ HE Number of Ships , with their Tonnage, which cleared from .T Great Britain to Africa in each Year from 700; together with the total Exports to Africa in each Year during the same Period; distinguishing the Value of the Britifl, India, and foreign Goods; to which are added the Quantity and Value of each Article, from the Year 1782. 2. The Number of Ships , with their Tonnage, which entered in the Ports of Great Britain from Africa , in each Year from ioo; together with the total Value of Imports to Great Britain, in each Year during the same Period, with the Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise; to which are added, the Quantity and Value of each Article from the Year 782. 3. The Shipping and Trade of the particular Towns in Great Britain concerned in the Trade to the Coast of Africa , as the same were given in to the Committee by the Delegates of the said Towns. 4. The Number of Ships , with their Tonnage, which entered annually in the several Britifl West India Islands from Africa ; with the Number of Negroes which were imported on board the same in each Year, diftinguifiling each Island. N. B. this Accoult could not be ottained for aly Period prior to the rear 783. 5. An Account of the Trade carried on by the African Company , from 1679 to i689, diftinguifling each Year. From the Books of tc Board of Trade , and from Statements given in by the Co payll itself. N. B. This Account is inserted, avinizg been found in the Books of he late Board of Trade , and appears to have bee prepared y the then African Company . 6. The Number of Ships , with their Tonnage, which cleared outwards from Great Britain to the British West India Islands, il each Year fi-om 9 700; 700; together with the total Value of Exports from Great Britain to the British West Indies , distinguishing the Amount of the Britilh, India, and foreign Goods; to which are added, the Quantity and Value of each Article from the Year 1782. 7. The Number of Ships , with their Tonnage, which entered in the Ports of Great Britain, from the Britifll West India Islands, in each Year from 1700; and the Value of the Imports from the said Jflands to Great Britain; with the Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise thereon, distinguishing each, and, from the Year 782, specifying each Article so imported . N. B. It was found impra licable to difingziiu h the Ships which arrived from each Britih Wesi India ij7and. 8. The Number of Ships , with their Tonnage, which cleared from Ireland to the British Wet India Islands; and the total Value of Britiifh and Irish Manufadure, and foreign Goods, exported from Ireland to the British West India Islands, in the Years 1783, 4, 5, 6, and 7, distinguishing each Year. 9. The Number of Ships , with their Tonnage, which entered the Ports of Ireland from the British West Indies ; together with the total Value of Goods and Commodities, being the Produce of the Britihl Islands in the West Indies , imported into Ireland in the Years 1783, 4, 5, 6, and 7; and the Amount of the Duties payable thereon in each Year. 10. A general Abstract of the Number of Ships , with their Tonnage, that hav cleared out, and entered invards, between Great Britain and Africa , and the British West India Islands; together with the total Value of the Exports and Imports from and to Great Britain and Africa , and the British West Indies , from 763 to 787; to which is added, as a Supplement, An Account of the Number of Vcffcls, their Tonnage, and Number of Men, including their repeated Voyages , that have cleared outward from the British West India Islands to all Parts of the World, between the 5th anulary 1787, and 5th January i788; together with an Account of the Species, Quantity, and Value, of thle prncipal Articles of West Iidia Produce, which have been exported in the fid \vcllcis; also the gross Amount of the Revenue produced thereon, dilfinguihing each Island. II 'The Imports and Exports to and from each of the Britilh Ifnands in the Wefi Indies , to and from any foreign Ports in Europe. i2. An Account of the Trade which is carried on bcetwccn the British Islands in the West Indies , and the West India lporcfllions o( forcignl Powers, contaninig, first, the