and firip it of its disguise. It is to be wished that a noble Viscount (whose sound judgement and perse knowledge of every subjet that comes under the consideration of Parliament , foretell the part he will take) would, when he delivers his own fentinents on this great point, add { 65 ] add to them the weight which they cannot but derive, from his declaring at the same time those of that great man, his venerable uncle, whose penetrating judgement led him early to discern the mischiefs which would flow from a hasty abolition of the slave trade . We must not omit to mention the just reliance which may also be had on the noble Lord who presides so ably over the department of plantations , commerce , and manufactures; who will feel more firongly than others can do, because he better understands, the true commercial interests of this country . Among the dignitaries of the church too, the greater number will not be led aside by specious, but false, notions of humanity , however much it may seem their peculiar province to be active in promoting every improvement in the condition of their fellow creatures. K A recer: t [ 66 ] A recent death has deprived the pubiic of a prelate, who on this, as on every other subjet, thought and wrote with sound sense, and who was a teal ornamien't to his pioffflion *. At a time when it is fiippofed a good cause wants supporters, and in a bufir ess which so much depends on leaders, it will not be thought impertinent thus to point out men who are likely to resist a dangerous measure, and before whose great famtes thoughtless clamour will at leafd * See the sermon preached last February before the Society for the Propogation of the Gospel by Dr. Halifah, Bithop of St. Afaph. After giving his opinion, that the laws relative to slavery should be amended or repealed, he adds, " till such amendment or repeal be actually obtained, ' the permitting slavery in Christian kingdoms is not re" " to the precepts of the Holy Scripture; and to " represent it as such to a deluded public, is injuring the " cause we mean to serve, by an imprudent manner of defending it, and is both impolitic and unjust." 3 hesitate. [ 67 ] hesitate, It would be even reprehensible to withhold that communication, especially when we confider how much the i~ames of the two great men, who have hitherto taken a lead in favour of abolition , may impose on the public opinion, and discourage those efforts which may be necessary to check a mischievous proceeding. After what has been said, it can hardly be necessary to recapitulate, that theabfo lute and immediate abolition of the slave trade , by the adt of the British Legislature, is impracticable"; that the attempt to do it could not answer the intended purpose, but * To attempt at once the total and entire abolition of the slave trade , seems hardly less absurd, than it would be, to aim at extirpating among mankind the desire of gain, or to undertake Crusades in Africa , for the purpose of liberating those who are in bondage , and changing the manners and government of the countries where they are enslaved. K 2 may f 68 ] may occasion great mischief; that thtie are other means and powers of bettering, most efslntially, the condition of Negroes ; that though the importation of Negroes into the British Vest Indies cannot be immediately prevented, it may gradually be made to cease; that the regular and gentle decline of the African trade would be little felt; but that a sudden and mischievous check to manufactures and shipping ought to be avoided; that these would by degrees find other destinations, and no convulsion would, from a gradual fiverfion of them, take place in any part As the loss both of Negroes and Seamen, in the passage from Africa to the West Indies , may be remedied by regulation, perhaps almost wholly prevented, it furnishes no argument for abolition . It is difficult for la us effectually to regulate such matters; but hints may be taken from Captain Cook's management of his seamen, to introduce much salutary attention to the heahh both of the Sailors and Negroes whilst on the coast, and on their passage . of [ 69 ] of the empire; that the manner in which the question has been agitated has been unjust in refpea to the West india Planters, and more likely to promote infurretions and massacres, than the happiness of the Negroes ; and that the measure would not fail in the end to bring on the ruin of our sugar plantations . Too many of us have indulged in the indiscriminate abuse of the treatment of slaves without grounds for such language. Expeaation has by such means been raided too high, both at home, and among th"' Negroes . The profpe&t, however, that has been opened to the slaves , seems to require that everything practicable should be effeted for their relief but it should be done in the manner most confitent with policy, and their real advantage; and in devising 'the means of so doing, many may employ themselves much better, than in drawing exagge 00 [ 7 ] exaggerated picures of the miseries of slavery . A worthy and refpeaable Baronet has taken a lead in that part which depends on the British Legislature, namely, the conveyance of slaves from Africa to the West Indies . The undertaking is extremely difficult. The African merchants themselves can best point out the proper means of preventing the unnecessary, abominable, and barbarous practice, of crowding slaves on board. These merchants , when treated liberally, will aa liberally; but it will be a nice and difficult matter to form such a law as may be effectual, and yet will not amount to a prohibition of the trade to British Lhips. It has been shown that a great deal depends on the wvef india Planters. They have