even supposing Europeans capable of the labour in that climate, and that the sugar plantations could afford such an expense? Or, could any be spared, what must they be but the sweepings of our fireets and gaols? and then the degree of severity necessary to regulate and keep in order such recruits would assuredly furnish a fresh and ample topic for declaimers on humanity . But the first movers in this business have, in obedience to common-sense, descended somewhat from their original ideas; and it is to be hoped they will descend frill more. It was not the abolition of the Jlave trade alone in the beginning which they desired, but the abolition of Jlavery itjelf; and many talked of the emancipation of all the Negroes in the West Indies . This was indeed, before the new doctrine was broached, E 2 that [ 52] that compensation is not to be made for private property, diminished or destroyed for public views, by a of Parliament ; a doctrine which it is hoped no man has the power of eftabliihing in this country . But when it was suggested, that this siep of immediate emancipation could not be taken without compensation made to the Planters, and that the value of the slaves alone in the British West Indies amounted, at the least, to twenty-five millions sterling, it caused a demur; yet the consequences, glaring as they are, of turning loose So, ooo Blacks agaiift a few thousand Whites, did not seem to create any difficulty to those wvho proposed such a measure. At present the objeet is, an indirect and future abolition of Jlavery, and a diret and immediate abolition of the Jlave trade . Some have supposed that the rest of Europe may be likely to join in this project, which idea has been thrown out in order to raise an expectation of universally abolishing the save trade , and of obviating, what is r 53 ] is nevertheless an incontrovertible truth, that the prohibiting the trade by one nation would not prevent it amongst others, nor in the least benefit the Africans. If those who suggest this notion be sincere, it proves their total ignorance of the character of nations , and of the habits and pracice of the world. At the very time when this notion was propagated, the principal Governments of Europe, particularly the Spanish, were giving additional encouragement to the trade in question. But if Great Britain, France, and Spain, were really and bond fide to join in such an unprecedented manner, Holland would from thence feel fresh motives for carrying on the trade ; and if the Dutch could possibly be supposed to neg let it, the New Englanders (who are sensible men, and understand commerce ) would at the moment of other countries , or even their own, pafling strong laws against it, joyfully seize the opportunity of cultivating a trade , of lwhich they well know the advantages. E 4 Little [ 54 ] Little argument can be drawn from what may be said or done, at this time, by a neighbouring nation , which teems totally to have changed its charaaert a nation which has already abused, and may finally lose an extraordinary and glorious opportunity of founding an excellent constitution. The consequence of that country is, at least, suspended for the present , and for some time it will probably lose much of its former estimation and weight in the scale of nations . However, it appears, that even in their wild career of extravagance they will not prohibit the trade in slaves ; and from the mere agitation of this question, their West india Islands are supposed to be in great danger '. It has already been observed, that British laws alone cannot abolish the slave trade , and prevent the evils complained of; but that they may, in the attempt, discourage British ihipping, and turn over the African XI The National Assembly dismissed the question by declaring it too delicate for discussion, and decided that the trade should be carried on altogether as it had been. trade [ 55 ] trade entirely to foreigners . We know the the bounties given on the slave trade , in other countries , have already too often induced Englishmen to employ their money in equipping ships for that traffic in so reign ports. This has actually happened, in several instances, at Havre de Grace, and other places. If the shackles now prepare ing for commerce should imprudently be adopted, the praetice of transferring Bri tith capitals will become general. In short, our money will be forced into channels, and employed in the manner, most advantageous to our rivals, namely, to raise shipping and seamen for them, at the same time that our own will be unavoidably, and very materially, lessened. Manufactures to carry on the trade will, in great part, be taken from those countries where the shipping is fitted out. In fine, Great Britain will make enormous sacrifices, and will materially hurt herself, without procuring any benefit to the Negroes . When the warm friends to abolition are told, that the prohibition of the trade to E 3 British [ 56 ] British ships alone cannot promote the purposes of humanity , and that other nations will still carry it on, the answer is, " wfe do not care, so that it cannot be said that Great Britain carries it on. Surely this appears childish in the extreme, and very unlike rational and real humanity . Indeed it will be the reverse of humanity to say, ourjhips fiall not carry Negroes to foreign plantations ; for not a slave the less would go there in consequence of such a law; and they would go better in our shipping when well regulated, than in the promiscuous shipping of other countries , perhaps under no regulation at all. From the high tone in which this business has been taken up, and even by some men refpetable for their acquaintance with the commercial intereils of this country , it seems as if the advocates for abolition imagined slavery had