a specified number of children, to the age of seven or eight years. 6 The legislature of Jamaica has offered a reward to the Overseer, instead of to the mother: it might be given with great propriety to both. 7 The mother has favourable privileges in well regulated plantations , but these .cannot be deemed tantamount to protection by law. Jamaica [ 26 1 Jamaica imports about one third of the Negroes which are brought to the British West Indies ; according to which proportion 9, 000 might be sufficient for the whole. The number to be imported from Africa would undoubtedly, and immediately, greatly diminish, if some such regulations as are before mentioned were established. It would be a fatisfafion to every humane person to think that real African convits and prisoners of war, might soon supply all the slaves that would be required; and it must be supposed that many in that country would be saved from death by the exportation . Probably other nations would soon, in a great degree, adopt regulations and management, calculated to answer all the real purposes of humanity . In short, it is most likely that, in a few years, the British Well Indies would require a very small supply of slaves from Africa . In the mean time, the demand for them being much diminished, and the number for each ship being comparatively small, the African chiefs and traders would have less inducement to resort to improper means of 27 ] of obtaining them, and the Captain of the ship , when he comes on the coast, would have a good choice of Negroes ; he would have it in his power to fele& a proper portion of young men, women, and children. It would not be worth his while to take any but the healthy and strong; it is therefore more than probable, that he would land his cargo in the Wetl Indies in good health; perhaps without losing a single save; and the seasoning would be attended with little or no risque. The gradual decay of the trade would be scarcely felt by those concerned in it: a greater degree of comfort and happiness would be obtained for the Negroes in both countries ; the Rteady and regular decline of the demand would be as likely as anything to turn the thoughts of the Chiefs and 8 One of the greatest cruelties belonging to this trade is, the transporting of old men as slaves from Africa to the Weft.indies; and it is inconceivable what a degree ofjockey/hip, if the expression may be allowed, is pracifed by the Captains in the African trade before a sale, to give the. appearance of youth and vigour to the aged and infirm. Traders ( 28 1 Traders on the coast to the employment of their slaves at home, and possibly, if that can be expeced, would even tend to the civilization of some parts of the vast continent of Africa . Some Planters mray perhaps object to the plan proposed, as tending to raise the price of Negroes 9; but though that should happen, they will lill be at a cheaper rate than the French and Spaniards now pay, and will not, in fa, be dearer to the Bri till Planter, upon the whole, than they are at present ; because if the Planter should 9 Probably that price will not become higher than it is at prefent the mere agitation of the question of abolition has advanced the price of nlaes considerably in the West Indies , even more than in proportion to the inconveniences arising from the regulations, at leaf of the first a, viz., that which passed in i789. When the question is d ifpofed of, the extraordinary price will cease; so that if the new duty of five percent. should take plac, that fam must not be added to the present price; it is upon the whole reasonable to suppose, that saves will become full as cheap as they are now. pay E 29 pay five pounds ahead more than what was before the average price, his choice of young healthy saves will be in proportion, consequently of more than comparative value. The duty, if paid by the, planter with one hand, will be received by him with the other, because the value of his stock will be increased. That increase of value will promote better treatment of the Negroes , and ultimately the Planter will reap the advantage. Perhaps it cannot be expeced that the Assemblies should diretly limit the importation ; the chance of extraordinary distempers among the Negroes , hurricanes, and the extension of plantations , may make that objecionable; but the increased difficulty of the trade , the increased price, and the increased population in the islands, will necessarily produce the same effec by lessening the numbers imported -- a superabundant supply has often been hurtful. In the single year 1784, II ooq were brought into Jamaica. Such a sudden: addition could not but be inconvenient; because [ 30 ] because provisions for so great an increase cannot at once be easily provided 'o. In respect to the treatment of the Negroes in the West India Islands, although many instances of cruelty towards them may be flated, it is not probable that they have been generally misused; but as it is highly proper to prevent severity and cruelty as far as possible, the Assemblies have been, and are still, diligently employed on that object. The lives and limbs of the Negroes are now as well protected by law as those of the Whites; they are protected from being wantonly and cruelly beaten and imprisoned; various means are adopted to restrain arbitrary punishments, and prevent excessive labour; and the Surgeon is made so The temporary scarcity which prevailed during the autumn of that year must not be attributed solely to the form of the 3oth of July, nor to the ports being shut to foreign vessels, which is always the cafe, when the navigation laws are not suspended. a kind [ 31