of the countries where they are enslaved. F 2 into [ 68 ] into the Britilh West Indies cannot be immediately prevented, it may gradually become unnecessary; that the regular and gentle decline of the African trade would be little felt 5s; but that a sudden and mischievous check to manufactures and thip. ping, by its immediate and entire abolition , ought to be avoided; that these would by degrees find other destinations, and no convulsion would, from a gradual diversion of them, take place in any part of the empire; that the manner in which the question has been agitated has been unjust in respect to the West india Planters, and more likely to promote infurretions and,, massacres, than the happiness of the Negroes ; and that the measure, if adopted, 25 As the loss both of Negroes and Seamen, in the passage from Africa to the West Indies , may be remedied by regulation, perhaps almost wholly prevented, it furnishes no argument for abolition . It is difficult for laws effecually to regulate such matters; but hints may be taken from Captain Cook's management of his seamen, to introduce much salutary attention to the health both of the sailors and Negroes whilst on the coat, and on their passage . would [ 69] would not fail in the end to bring on the ruin of our sugar plantations . Too many of us have indulged in the indiscriminate abuse of the treatment of slaves without grounds for such language. Expectation has by these means been raised too high, both at home and among the Negroes . The prospect, however, that has been opened to the slaves , seems to require that everything practicable should be effe&ted for their relief but it should be done in the manner most consistent with policy and their real advantage; and in devising the means of doing it, many may employ themselves much better than in drawing exaggerated pietures of the miseries of slavery . A worthy and respectable Baronet has taken a lead in that part of the reform which depends on the British Legislature, namely, the conveyance of slaves from Africa to the West Indies . The undertaking is extremely difficult. The African merchants themselves can best point out [ 70 ] out the proper means of preventing the unnecessary, abominable, and barbarous pracice, of crowding slaves on board. These merchants , when treated liberally, will aft liberally; but it will be a nice and difficult matter to form such a law as may be effectual, and yet will not amount to a prohibition of the trade to British ships . It has been shown that a great deal depends on the West india Planters. They have been forward in passing manyjuft and good laws in favour of a people, who more properly may be said to have been, till lately, neglected, than generally ill treated; and we have reason to believe that the Assemblies of the islands will proceed, in due time, to take every proper step for promoting the happiness and civilization of the Negroes . That cannot, however, be the work of a few months. The civilization of Great Britain required many centuries. In the whole of the proceedings which have been carried on at home relative to the [ 7i ] the slave trade , nothing is more reprehensible than the keeping a matter of such a nature so long suspended. Not only the expeice to the islands is great, but all is at risk there during the agitation of the question; and it is wonderful that no essential mischief has already happened. It may be very gratifying to some men to indulge in splendid and popular declamation upon the topics of mercy and humanity ; but however amiable such efforts may appear, the confusion to which they lead is death to the planters. Whatever may be the intention of the Legislature, humanity towards the Whites requires that the measures to be adopted should be speedily taken; and whether Great Britain looks towards any increased cultivation of the islands, or not, the planters should as soon as possible know on what they are to depend. The public, which likes to assign motives for everything, may impute these opinions to intereited views. They come, however, from one who has not the least connexion with, or personal interest in, the [ 72 3 the plantations , or their trade ; and it so happens, that, perhaps, no man, who has in any degree lived in the world, can have less acquaintance with those immediately concerned in the question, than the writer of the present observations. The West Indians have been treated so ill in the consideration of this subject, that it is now difficult to discuss it with fairness and candour, without seeming to be their professed partizan. That characer, except as far as truth and a view to the good of his country have induced him to adopt it, the author disclaims- -- would wiih to be thought, as he really is, the friend of humanity ; but of humanity regulated by reason , justice, and a sincere desire to promote the public good. SHEFFIELD PLACE, MARCH 22, 1790. FINIS.