the Planters, as it is more than probable that two thirds of such a cargo will dye in the feafning. It is obvious, that the crouding'great numbers on board must be a f6urce of much misery and destruction to the Negroes , and a principal cause of the loss of seamen. Under the regulations proposed, very few more feamenl would be' taken on board than are necessary for the navigation of the ship on such a voyage . The fhrip in general would remain but a short time on the ui.wwholefome coast, because the number of slaves would soon be procured, and' thereby' much sickness would be avoided. The feamenl having sufficient accom [ 22 ] accommodation as well as the Negroes , would arrive in good health in the West Indies . Instead of its being the interest of the Captain to get rid of part of his crew, he would find it necessary to encourage or oblige them to remain, because, having only a sufficient number for the purpose of navigation, if he parted with any, he must supply their places with runners at double price; probably, therefore, he would bring back his whole ship's company to England. In the consideration of these hints attention should be paid to the circumstance, that the good accommodation of the Negroes on board depends on the conftruaion of the fiip, as well as on the quantity of tonnes. Other ideas will occur, which may forward what appears to. bethe with of the whole empire; but care must be taken not to overdo these precautions, lest they. should .23 .]. hold amount to a prohibition,. and pro.. mote evasion. The. great obje&.of procuring, the best treatment for the Negroes in the West Indies , and of encouraging their population, and a gradual cessation of the importation of slaves , must be attained through the several assemblies of those islands. By their imposing a duty, on the import of Negroes from Africa , and giving. that duty as a bounty on every Negro reared within the island, the importation of African slaves would, in the course of a few years, become less neceffarv, and in due time it would cease of course. The annual importation of Negroes into Jamaica, on an average of five years, ending. 787, amounted to 6, 591; taking the two last years, when it was very low, the average is 2, 952; but supposing the number [ a 3 ber to be only 3, 000, a new duty of 51. currency on each slave imported in eight years would raise i20, 00ol. which might be appropriated for the payment of a bounty of ten pounds to the Planter on each Negro born on the island, and reared to.the age of eight years, (at which time he will begin .to be useful) and twenty shillings to the Negro mother as soon as the child has attained one year, which the will coin fider as a great reward. As only. the last bounty will be payable before the end .of eight years, a large sum will accumulate for these laudable purposes. This duty fiould be for a limited number of years, and would cease when no longer necessary. Farther encouragement might be held out to the Negro mothers, and particularly, with great propriety, certain exemptions from labour to thole' who are pregnant, and to tlofe who bring up a specified number [ 2 ] ber of children, to the age of seven or eight years. Jamaica imports above one third'of the Negroes which are brought to the Britifhi West Indies ; according to which proportion 9, oo0 might be sufficient for the whole. The number to be imported from Africa would undoubtedly, and immediately, greatly diminish. It would be a la tisfacsion to think that real African con vids and prisoners of war, might soon supply the number that would be required; and it may be supposed that so many would be saved from death by the exportation . Probably other nations would soon, in a great degree, adopt our regulations and management, they being calculated to answer all the real purposes of humanity . In short, it is most likely that, in a few years, the British West Indies would require a very small supply of flaves from E Africa . [ 26 3 Africa . In the mean time, the demand for them being much diminished, and the number for each ship being few, the African chiefs and traders would have less inducement to retort to improper means of obtaining them, and the Captain of the lhip, when he comes on the coast, would have a good choice of Negroes ; he wold have it in his power to felec a proper portion of young men, women, and children. It would not be worth his while to take any but the healthy and strong; and it is more than probable that he would lan& his cargo in the West Indies in good health, perhaps without losing a single slave , and the seasoning would be attended * One of the greatef cruelties belonging to this trade is, the tranfiporing of old men as slaves from Africa to the West Indies ; and it is inconceivable what a degree of jockcyiip, if the expression may be allowed, is praised by the Captains in the African trade before a sale to give the appearance - youth and vigour to the aged and infirm. '*~ -- - A ~ with t, 27 ] with little or no risque. The gradual decay of the trade would be little felt by those concerned in it: a greater degree of comfort and happiness would be obtained for the Negroes in both countries ; the steady and regular decline of the trade would be as likely as 'anything to turn the thoughts of the Chiefs and Traders on the coast to the employment of their flaes, and possibly, if that can be expeaed, would tend to their civilization. Some Planters may object to the. plan proposed, as it will considerably raise the