pass. laws that may be resisted, or denied, and at best be ineffecual; if Britifhl laws cannot render the situation of the Negroes in Africa and in the West Indies better, even by the sacrifice of the sugar plantations , of policy, manufaaures, shipping , property, and peace; and if the mode proposed for relieving negroes is im praaicable, would it not be advifeable to turn our minds from a ridiculous bubble towards some probable means of amending their situation, and take advantage of an oppor [ 5 IX opportunity extremely favourable for relieving them, as far as circumstances will allow? It is not necessary 'for the present purpose to enter into a long inquiry how the Negroes become slaves in Africa . It is known that a great part are borii so, that in some parts they are bred, as we do cattle, for sale; for we must not futppofe that vati extent of country is all in the same state, or under the same regulation: -- Some are prisoners of war, and others sold for debt; it is probable that the number of convids are increased for the sake of sending them to market, and that the Hordes kidnap from each other; but it is highly improbable any number are kidnapped by European vessels trading on the coast; the country would rise upon them; they would not dare to continue or return again. It I 6 1 It can hardly be expeced that any pro pofitio will be offered for bettering the situation of the negroes in their own country ; it is only while on board British Ships that the British Legislature can afford them any relief. The hints intended to be thrown out will be confined to what may be done by Parliament for their relief on the passage from Africa to the West Indies , and afterwards to what more might be done by the West India, afiemblies to forward the civilization, and promote the well-being and comfort of the Negroes . These hints only pretend to be an outline; but they are approved by men of good sense, of good hearts, and of experience in the African trade , and who have resided many years in the West Indies . Those which relate to the African trade are principally fuggefed by them; and they are offered to the public, with the conviction [ 7. ] tmin tha the trade may be .so regulated is to prevent, in a great degree, the mal pratices justly complained of in the nian ner of procuring and conveying slaves , and also the loss of seamen.; To assist and enable those to form a judgement on' the subject, who are little acquainted with the African trade and the West Indies , an attempt will be made, in the course of these observations, to give, without exaggeration or concealment, a short and plain account of the manner in which the trade is carried on, and of a West indian plantation , managed not in an uncommon manner. The objections to the slave trade which most deserve attention are, that it is du ftrudtive to our seamen; that it encourages the Africans to wage war, or to make convics, in order to provide ilaves, and ttiat; through improper treatment when on D board, [ i8 ] bard a great proportion die miserably before they reach the Weft.indies. To remedy which, as far as is inourpower, it is proposed, ift. That the trade shall be carried on by ships , particularly licensed for the purpose. 2dly. That no ship of less burden than ioo tonnes hall be employed in the trade . - 3ly. That the proportion of saves to be Lhipped shall not exceed three to two tonnes. 4thly. That no ship , however large, shall be permitted to carry more than 250 or 300 Negroes . The manner in which the African trade is commonly carried on will best explain 6 the [ i9: ]' the objeet of these regulations.. Suppose: a fhip fitted out with a cargo , calculated to purchase 500 slaves , the crew consisting of 2 real seamen, and 30 or 40 landsmen, the very dregs and outcasts of the community; the real iailors are necessary for the navigation of the ship , the others are employed to attend the Negroes on the coast and middle.paffage. On their arrival. in the Well Indies the Captain gets rid of these landfmen as soon as possible, and they are 'always well disposed to receive. their wages currency for sterling.. By. this: means he gains a discount of 40 or 50 percent. and saves their wages and provisions on the homeward voyage . These wretches thus left, generally die martyrs to excefris,. and not one in ten returns to Europe. The ship having a cargo to purchase 500 Negroes , (and, perhaps, is not properly calculated to carry 400) we will fuppote, D 2 arrives . ao 1 arrives on the coast of; Africa , when slaves are plenty and cheap, and. when the cargo . will buy 600, in which cafe.the Captain, being desirous of making a great voyage , purchases and sails with that number, although neither his accommodations nor provisons are at all in proportion; of oaurfe the ship's company and the Negroes are immediately put to allowance. The owalie grow sickly, and probably not above 4a aof.the 6oa Negroes are brought to market; and, even these in general are so much reduced, that they do not sell for anything like the price of prime slaves . Let us suppose, on the other hand, that the. sip arrives on the coast at a. time when slaves are fcaxce. and dear; althaogh the. cause is different, the effect is'ftill the same. The sip. mmny remain there,. perhaps, five or sir months, or more, before (he obtains her colmlement of Negroes , .and the young, old, old, aind infirm, : the goodatd' the bad, are necessarily taken together; so that loss of time, contingent expenses, cc., consume the profits of the voyage ; and the Negroes at last are but a cheat on