THE SL A V E t RAD E s... IN ANSWER TO THE SPEECH OF WILLIAM WILBERFORCE, Esq. ON THE i3th OF May, i789. j,, ABY A WEST india merchant . Cum fuerirfamulos, proprios mercatus in usus; Ut servos dicas, homines tamen eoe memento. CATO. Hast purchased Servants, to attend thy Will? A Slave though each, thy Fellow: Creature still. LONDON: Sold by W. RICHARDSON, Royal Exchange; J. murratr Fleet-street; andj. DEBRETT, Piccadilly. MDCC.XC. c, r' HE AFRICAN slave tradel an Objea of the highefi Importance to all Europe, and particularly to the britij Nations ; having lately attrated the serious Attention of Parliament ; and consequently produced numberless Publications; whether in the Shape of Pamphlets, or of Letters in the News papers; the following Remarks, made by a Person of equal Benevolence and Intimacy with the subjee, were printed last June on two Sheets of Paper, and circulated to some of the Members of both Houses, as well as shown to a few private Friends. B The .( II) The sole Design of this Republication is, to evince at once the Necef Jfy of a Trade so indisputably advantageous to there Kingdoms; and the Needkfnefs of continued Examination of Evidences before the House of Commons. The latter Effect, however, not having taken Place; and the Affair being revived this Session, with double Energy; it proves expedient, to lay before the Public at large, those incontrovertible Remarks in Defence of the Planters and Merchants ; nay, of the whole Community; proportionably interested in the Event of this Cause, and ( III) and in the Preclusion of Popular Error; while Jutfice and Humanity conspire, to substantiate the Dangers, the universal Dangers, that would arise from the Abolition of a Trade , de monfirably conducive to the Advantage and Happiness of all concerned. Peculiarly is it now indispensable to offer these Remarks, to the cool and candid Public; and, with all prudent Fervour, to recommend a speedy Conclusion to this very grievous, as unavailing, Inquisition (rather than Inquiry) into the Slave trade ; especially because Letters, lately arrived from the British Colonies, are full of B 2 alarm( () alarming apprehensions, from the insolent Behaviour of the Negroes , that such infurre&ions are apparently threatened, as, in one Night's Time, may cut off, the Bulk of the White People, in more than one of the Islands If Mr. Wilberforce and his Family were now at Grenada; he would tremble each Night at the impending Danger; and fink with Sorrow, for the Mischief already brought on the Islands, principally by his Means. REM ARKS (5) REMARKS on the rejolutions of the PLANTERS, MERCHANTS , and Others, interefledin the WEST - INDIES , at their Meeting in the London tavern, on the 9th May, 1789 'with other Observations, on the proposed Abolition of the negro frade. LT HO U G H the Remarker most sincerely joined in these Resolutions, as proper at the Time; and thinks the Public endebted to thpoe gentlemen, who were at the Trouble of forming them, so much to their own Honour, and to the Benefit of the Community; yet many Matters are fill wanting to impress, on the Minds of the People of this Country , the Necessity of the Negro trade . It would be superfluous to recapitulate the different Resolves, diftintly let forth in the Papers of the 2oth May; and it may be sufficient to add to them, in the Order in which they stand I. ( 6 1. That no Man can fatisfaetorily tell, how it happened, that the Creator of all Things decreed the Inhabitants of Africa to be black , for what Purpose they were so created, how they were to be governed; and in what Manner they were to at their respective Part in the World. II That there cannot be much Difficulty to prove, by an Examination of the Negroes themselves in the Ifands, their being much happier in the West indies , than they were in their own Country ; where, in all Probability, they groaned under much worse Slavery , nay, under the Terrors of Death. III That any Trade to Africa , except for the Purchase of Negroes , is of very little Importance to this Country ; and but a very few Ships can be loaded back, with any of the Articles it produces. IV That it is absurd to suppose, the Proprietors, in the Sugar colonies, have not an equal Right to be proteted in their Property, with the subjees of Great britain; in a Trade , hitherto so universally approved and encouraged. yv ( 7) V That, if the Planters were dipoffef fed of their Property; it would be absolutely contrary to the Faith of all Charters and Ads of Parliament , granted for the Protection of the Colonies, and for the general Benefit of this Country . VI That the Capital of Seventy Millions Sterling, due to the Proprietors in the West Indies , is not exaggerated; of which a very large Part is owing, to the innumerable Creditors, alike of the Planters and Merchants . VII That not only the Amount of these Seventy Millions, which is a dead Stock to the Proprietors, and the Fund for West in dia produce, so much wanted in Europe, is in itself of the utmost Moment; but it lays the Foundation of an extensive Commerce to this Country , in which the Landholders, the Manufaturers, the Shipbuilders; many important Branches of Trade and Navigation; and, in short, the Defence of these Kingdoms, are effentiaily connected. VIII VIII That it is impraticable to cultivate the Lands in the West indies , by any other Sort of People, than the Negroes . ix. that, if a sufficient Increase of Negroes , a fortieth Part, which is wanted yearly to maintain the present Strength of the Islands, can neither be procured nor permitted; the Cultivation, of Sugar and other Articles, must of Course dwindle in a few Years, and the Sugar plartations turn into wafe Land. X That there is not a Doubt of the Necessity, bs a yearly'importation of Negroes ; as the'births are very inadequate, to keep