for this purpose, the Slave Trade will oon be itripped of its borrowed ornaments, and be hortly left without a ingle argument in its behalf to counterbalance the dreadful iniquity of which it is the occasion. No good reason has ever yet been given [ 70 1 given why population, labour, and profit, should not go hand in hand in the West indies , as well as in other countries ; * and, it will do so when the system of severity, which destroys such multitudes, is removed; neither can any just and final conclusion be drawn from palt experience only, that the produce of the Islands may not in a short time be exported upon as beneficial terms to themselves and the Mother Country , by the firength of their own internal population, as by the present system of the SLAVE TRADE . AFRICANUS. We have several Plantations , where by care and mild treatment, and a judicious or cafrally just proportion between the sexes at first, the Slaves increase from the births; and this might be the cafe in all, if the dieates of prudence and humanity were obeyed. To give an instance in point: there are two plantations , bordering on each other, of nearly the lame extent. About twenty years ago they were nearly equally stocked with Slaves : on the one the allowance has been more plentifil, and the managers have been more considerate than on the other. Here the Slaves are strong, hearty, and increased from the births. The other manager boasts of his pinching and saving: and that Plantation requires an almost annual supply of eight or ten Negroes to keep up the stock . And, till lately, that he, through laziness, and absolute neglet of his employers interest, as he understood it, has relaxed in his dif cipine, the Slaves were a starving heardef crew. Indeed, at this time, none were left but such whose natural flength and constitution flood proof againf excels of labour, severity of punishment, and the last tolerable degree of famine. Ramsay's Essay, p. 90. LETTER C t 3 LET T E R 'T: HE F IFTEENTH. SIR, N E remarkable circumstance in the history of the West India: Iflands'is, that of the numerous race of'negroes which the Slave Trade has introduced there: numbers taking advantage of the: disputes of'europeans, 'have long since repelled force by force, and maintained their liberties in spite of every effort of 'the white inhabitants to fiubdue them. such are the Marons, who were left in Jamaica by the Spaniards, and the * Caribs of St. Vincent's. Indeed the former of these, since the treaty which was made with them by Governor Trelawney, in the year i739, seem to have partaken with the English the possession of part of the iand.; they have several towns appropriated to them, are allowed to carry arms, and have their leaders appointed from among themselves, who are distinguished by a silver chain and medal inscribed with their own names; they wear cockades, are regularly commissioned by the Governors, by whom they are protected, and even courted. Local laws have been enacted in their favour, the chief restriction of which is, that they are not to purchase Slaves under a heavy penalty. Had the English not treated with the Marons, they must have extirpated them; but a juster policy than that of the sword, which had been tried in vain, has at length converted into a source of protection, what * About the commencement of the present Century, a Guinea hip from Africa , bound to Barbados, was stranded on the Islands of St. Vincent's, under all the difficulties which men must susser from such a misfortune in an almost uninhabited Island, (for St. Vincent's at that time had very few native Indians); these Africans made a settlement there, and have increased to a very considerable number a proof that Negroes will increase in West india climates, when they do not live and labour under circumstances which obftru& population. had T 72 J had long been the cause of perpetual alarm: since the period of the treaty, they have been found of great service in suppressing rebellions, and ftopping the favge. fury of partial infurretions among the Negroes . But with the privileges of Welt indian freedom , they have been taught the prejudices of West indian tyranny , to which they are trained in ome degree by being, in peaceable times, employed in picking up runaway slaves their knowledge of negroe haunts particularly well qualifies them for this office, which they are paid for after the rate of two pounds per man, besides incidental charges. I have given you, Sir, this short account of the Marons in Jamaica, to slew you (in opposition to the strong assertions of many advocates.of Slavery .) that. Negroes in. the Well t India Islands are to be tamed, : without being, oppreffed are to be influenced by laws, and made useful to society by, legal protecion. These Marons, as well as the free Blacks , and Mdlattos, are found capable of increasing their numbers,. and are indebted.to no adventitious supply from a SLAVE TRADE to preserve them from extinction. - Should a quedlion now arise, as it naturally may -- why, since other Negroes increase their own numbers, such large.fupplies of imported Africans mhould be annually necessary for keeping up the working fock for the Plantations ?The truth nmuft be told, though it assec the credit of. Wefi indian humanity THEY ARE PREVENTED BY OPPRESSION FROM MULTIPLYING THEIR SPECILS. Incessant labour is all that is required at their hands; yet " Plantation work is asserted to be in itself not peculiarly hard; but it is the use of Jrength initead of '- contrivance; it is want of food, of clothes, of rest and seep, " which wearies out Slaves ; it is * the drawling out their work : from early dawn to dusky night; it is their wandering three "or four miles under the meridian fun, to pick up bundles of · That it is