gradual abolition ." PHILADELPHIA, March 6, 1787. If to this account of the private sentiments, which prevail not in Pennsylvania alone, but in several other States, relative to Slavery and the Slave Trade , be added the following public address, of a subsequent date, to the Convention of the United States of America, now assembled at Philadelphia, we iall have the belt reasons to hope, that so benevolent and just an object as is ex prested in the Memorial will be attended with better success than were the petitions presented to the throne of Great Britain from the same quarter in the year 1772. -- There has been a persevering spirit of benevolence among the Quakers concerning this liberal plan, [ 37 ] plan, for the emancipation and protecion of Negroe Slaves , which must place the general selfishness of. commerce in a very unamiable point of view. And when the blessings of freedom and protection hall in rome future period have been generally extended to that numerous and persecuted race; when mankind shall have felt the good effects of abolishing that system of Slavery , which has so long disgraced the annals of the Kingdoms of Europe: then will the impartial page of history do justice to the Quakers, for their upright dealings with mankind; and record that HONOURABLE EXAMPLE, which the most powerful and enlightened nations hall have been proud to follow. This Society, the President of which is Dr. Franklin, has lately presented the following Memorial to the Convention of the United States: To the Honourable the Convention of the United States of America, now assembled in the city of Philadelphia: The Memorial of the Pennsylvania Society, for promoting the abolition of Slavery , and the relief of free Negroes , unlawfully held in bondage . The Pennsylvania Society, for promoting the abolition of Slavery , and the relief of free Negroes unlawfully held in bondage , rejoice with their fellow citizens in beholding a Convention of the States assembled, for the purposes of amending the fcederal constitution. They recollet, with pleasure, that among the firs as of the illustrious Congress of the year 1774, was a resolution for prohibiting the importation of African Slaves . It is with deep distress they are forced to observe, that the peace was scarcely concluded before the African trade was revived, and American vessels employed in transporting the inhabitants of Africa , to cultivate, as Slaves , the soil of America, before it had drank in all the blood which had been head in her struggle for liberty . To the revival of this trade , the Society ascribe part of the obloquy with which foreign nations have branded our infant States. In vain will be their pretensions to a love of liberty , or a regard for national character, while they hare in the profits of a commerce that can only be conducted upon rivers of human tears and blood. By [ 38 ] By all the attributes therefore of the Deity, which are offended by this inhuman traffic -- By the union of our whole species in a common ancestor, and by all the obligations which result from it -- By the apprehensions and terror of the righteous vengeance of God in national judgments -- By the certainty of the great and awful day of retribution -- By the efficacy of the prayers osgood men, which would only insult the Majesty of Heaven, if offered up in behalf of our country , while the iniquity we deplore continues among us -- By the sanctity of the Christian name -- By the pleasures of domestic connecions, and the pangs which attend their dissolution- -- the captivity and sufferings of our American brethren in Algiers, which seem to be intended by Divine Providence, to awaken us to a sense of the injustice and cruelty of dooming our African brethren to perpetual slavery and misery- -- a regard to the consistency of principle and con du which iould mark the citizens of Republics -- By the magnitude and intensity of our desires to promote the happiness of those millions of intelligent beings, who will probably cover this immense Continent with rational life; and by every other consideration that religion, reason , policy, and humanity can suggest, the Society implore the present convention to make the suppression of the African trade , in the United States, a part of their important deliberations. Signed, by order of the Society, by JONATHAN PENROSE, Vice-president. June 2, i787. wthat a conduis here presented to the Mother Country for her imitation! who would fufpet that while America is thus laying the axe to the root of this infamous Traffic, there hold be found in England, * Merchants who, at this time of day, and with a knowledge of all the criminal arts by which it must * The Author of there letters has been informed, from very good authority, that there are Merchants at the Port of Hull only now preparing to embark in the Trade . necessarily [ 39 necessarily be conduced, are only preparing to engage in it? -- - yet, this is a faf! Surely, Sir, the Spirit of Commerce cannot be so very careless of the means by which its objec is to be obtained -- or look to the eventual profit as the salvo for every at of injustice in Condut and Contrivance. But, Sir, it is not in America alone that the practice of holding Slaves is found to promote habits of idleness, and to destroy the ativity and energy of the White People -- for the same bad consequences became ome time since so apparent at Lisbon, from the too great number of Black Slaves employed in that Capital, that by a public ordinance the further admission of them was absolutely prohibited. In France too they are very cautious of permitting Blacks to enter into the Kingdom, and there are particular laws to restrain the French Wetl India Gentlemen from bringing over with them any of their Black domestics. In this country the frequent and unrestrained custom of