UPON whatever grounds African Merchants and West india Planters may be induced to approve the principle and con du of the Slave Trade , it may, I fancy, be justly said, that their approbation is an exception to the generally received opinion of the civilised part of mankind; for that though interest be the leading motive, as well as ultimate end of all commercial fyltems, yet an appearance at least of reciprocal advantage, if not always the reality, is proposed by the contracting parties. In 1[ 7 1 In this point, however; as in mo others, the: Slave Trade has its own peculiar demerit, by presenting no one real benefit to.the natives of Africa , in return for all the violence and miseries which it occasions. The evil is perhaps of too great magnitude to be altogether remedied by * Individuals; and as all nations concerned in it have hitherto made little account of any circumstance but the profit'which it produces, they have in general tolerated and even encouraged the practice. The Traffic, such as we now find it eftabliffied, certainly crept in unawares among other articles of public commerce , and has gained ground in despite of the cautious prohibitions which attend it at its first beginning: Profpets of gain were too well founded to give way to considerations of humanity ; and the anxious apprehensions of Monarchs were speedily removed by concealment of faas, or by false representations of them. A singular instance of the unwillingness of Louis the 12th of France is recorded by Labat, in his History of the Isles of America. "' The King," he says, " was extremely uneasy at a law by which the " Negroes of his colonies were to be made slaves , but it being " strongly urged to him as the readiest means for their conversion " to Christianity, he acquiesced therewith." Possibly some such equally plausible pretext might have occasioned Queen Elizabeth's Submitting in the latter part of her reign to connive at this article of African commerce , which he had decidedly reprobated in the former. Alonzo Gonzales, about the year 1434, first taught his countrymen, the Portuguese, to make Slaves of the Africans; and set the example of piratical depredations on the coast of Guinea, for this purpose. His example was quickly followed by others, and Portuguese vessels, properly manned and armed, made frequent attacks on different parts of the coast, surprised villages by night, and carried of numbers of both sexes into slavery : In 148i, they erec&ed their first fort at D'elmina, on the Gold coast, from * By individuals is meant individual persons, and not individual bodies of men as, opposed to nations for the condut of the Quakers and others in America, who have, much to their credit, abolihed the Slave Trade , would be an exception to this latter assertion. D whence 1.8 j whence they foonrlpened.a traffic. for Slaves with theinland parts of Guinea, which, after the depopulation of America, by the Spaniards, increased to a most aftonifling degree;, so that' the annual WASTE of Negroes from that period to the present , when computed, will be found to have.amounted to.the dreadful number of near TWENTY MILLIONS X of people. About the middle of the i6th century, and towards the latter end of the reign of Edward. the 6th, the first trading voyage from England to the coast of Guinea took. place; but the Englifl not having at that time any plantations in the West indies , and consequently no occasion for Negroes , they traded only for gold, elephants teeth, and Guinea pepper. In 554, considerable quantities of gold and. ivory were brought from delmina by an Englifl trader , whose reports of the natives at that period were,. that whoever will deal with them muji behave civilly, for that they, will not traffic i ill-used; and in the next year they are reprefented by another trader , as. complaining of the Portuguese at D'elminas that. they were bad men, who made Jiaves of them tf they could take them, putting irons on their legs. Tie exportation . of Slaves , however, was also soon adopted'by theenglilh in their turn, and became so notorious, as to occasion Queen Elizabeth to send for Captain Hawkins, a principal African trader , to caution him again carrying off the Negroes , by violence, andiwithout their own free consent; which ahe declared would, be detetable, and would. call down the vengeance. of Heaven upon the undertakers. Great promises were accordingly, made -- but this caution. seems to have had little. effet; for not long after, the - same person, with the afiflance of others, fitted out three ships for the guinea coaft, and having learned that Negroes were a profitable commodity at Hispaniola, he took in a cargo of Slaves , and sold them. at that, port to great advantage; and thus became the firt Englishman who set on. foot this horrid traffic. After this, Negroes were every. where procured by pur -- chase, by force, or by stratagem, * and ent off to America and, to the Colonies by hundreds and by thousands. About * For every Negroe conveyed to the Islands, it is estimated that near two areloft to Afieca for every one hundred thousand procured for the hips, about sixty thousand are [r i9] a bh'tt te: P'thi ye'arr6f die lirirn: .of r: Qfeen.; lihzabeti!(t he nation bei: ng tiheni : ati War it.th¢spaitn and.po'erttrgal) a. coni, pari: wa s : ereited, : with tcx udfive; piriwile is for. the 'better .difoyvering; and Carrying fa - fi.¢mihe Senethulltoi'the, g mbiai.i is qsa after the re ift'oatain,; it wasi; .in betporatled : by letters'itteit : ia' r662, udr 'the narme of th: e; African Cosimpany; andie6hontined so till 169: -, xvhóeh the : pa¥riatfent, ktaking he Africaatrade, into their cona&ieationj to6u: ght ptop: lerto L ay it open for. i, 3 years; imrpofing, at the faime tmie, a duty of o : percent : ad 'valorem, o n. all goods ahrd rieerd aadize e: 5torted to Afrioa during. that