of indufirious and repeciablc men of their birthright as British fubjetis. These are incontrovertible facds; but your Lordships' penetration will easily discover the true aim of the petitioners, who labour so anxiously to deftroc your former acts of Parliament . From principles of honour and justice to the wer india planters, I appeal to the protecing clause alluded to. But do not, my Lords, take my ipse dixit let the clause speak for itself: "Provided always, and be it enaced, That nothing in this aa " contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, : to asset the " rights of any other British subjects trading to Africa , so as to prevent, or in any manner to obfiru c the (hips or vessels belonging "to British subjects from anchoring in Sierra Leone ot Camaranca Urivers, or in any of the creeks, bays, or harbours, within the "limits specified in this aa, for the purpose of resitting and repair io 'ing as heretofore, with full liberty to the same to erect temporary " tents, huts, or sheds, on the (hores of the said peninsula, for the " security of the flores and accommodation of the persons employed " upon such occasions." It has been falsely asserted, and an attempt has thence been made to mislead the public mind, that European nations only carry on the slave trade with Africa . Even Mr. Stevens allows, that Blacks are carried into Turkey, for the purposes of frate, of luxury, and even for the seraglios of Muslims. As to the fact, I will admit that gentleman to be right; but he is erroneous as to numbers; for, my Lords, the numbers annually transported by the Eastern channels toturkey, to Egypt, to Russia, and to the East Indies , are immense. I will not shock your Lordships' minds by the horrid cruelties and barbarities which the miserable and devoted. wretches experience from the gratification of their Mahomedan and Eastern masters. And here, my Lords, I have a right to draw a contrast between the humanity of the West india traders , and the atrocity of those now described. In one cafe, we find the milk of human kindness; in the other, ads of turpitude and violence which outrage the sensibilities of nature, and mortify and disgrace mankind. The Portuguese transport 40, ooo annually to the Brazils. The French, previous to the Revolution, during the laft'peace, supplied their own islands with negroes , from the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope. I beg leave, my Lords, to impress upon your memories a few stubborn faes. The Portuguese and native merchants in India, carry on at this time the slave trade through Bombay. Since that period a tax has been laid upon the importation of negroes into that place by Britith merchants . I am the last. man in the world, my Lords, to detract from the merits of those concerned in the management of this business; and I dare say, the Court of Directors of the Eaft india Company were acuated by the most laudable and humane motives, when they imposed a duty upon the importation of negroes in British bottoms. But with all deference to that high and refpetable. Association, I think it a matter of: great national irnportance, seriously to confider how far it is prudent to encourage not only the Portuguese, but even the native powers, in efforts for the improvement iof navigation, and the confequenr increase of seamen, in seas so remote from our home possessions. And here, my Lords, I with to remark, that this observation arises from pure motives of patriotism, as I am fearful of impolicy and danger from such rival powers, when ufdrp ing, and armed with: the authority of the moment.. 3u Permit me, my Lords, to illufirate these observations by tome additional truths. It is a faat, perhaps well known to every British officer of the army and navy who has been at Gibraltar, that the Emperor of Morocco has a very large black army within his dominions, the number of which he regularly maintains by sending down armed Moors to bring away, by force, the negroes from their wives and families, without the advantage of barter, and without the most distant refpea to the customs and manners of the Africans. I have said thus much, my Lords, upon the subjec6 of Africa , upon its trade , and upon the slate of the petitioners in favour of the bill, namely, the Sierra Leone Company . I shall therefore con elude my remarks on Africa with the firong and memorable words of Mr. Park: "Such are the general outlines of that system bs slavery which prevails in Africa ; and it is evident from its nature and extent, that it is a fytiem of no modem date. It probably had its origin " with remote ages of antiquity, before the Mahomnedans explored " a.path across the desert. How far it is maintained and supported " by the save traffic, which, for two hundred years, the natives of Europe have carried on with the natives of the coast, it is neither within my province, nor in my poyer to explain.. If my senti C ments should be required concerning the effec which a difcon. " tinuance of that commerce would produce on the manners of the "natives, I (hold have no hesitation in observing, that in the pre" " unenlightened slate of their minds, my opinion is, the effces "would neither be so esxenfive nor beneficial, as many wise and worthy persons fondly expec." Having, in what I have already had the honour of submitting to your Lordthips, stated, that I Should discuss this business upon the general queliion of abolition , and being indeed supported by the arguments used both by Mr. Plomer and Mr. Stevens, I naturally come, having left the African coast, to the Middle Passage . This subject having lately been much debated before your Lordships, I Shall not labour under the unpleasant necessity of taking up a great deal of your time. I