But is it reasonable to suppose, that whenever peace shall come, and this country (hall have engrossed every other trade , those tigers in human frame will not seize a lucrative trade ' which we should have relinquished? ' 4f a perhaps so, and this makes, the firongeft argument to my mind against the bill. For read any voyage or travel in Africa , attend to every witness at the bar, and you are constantly (hocked by accounts of American slave (hips, who, without any control, are guilty of cruelties and improprieties. But will the King of Spain flop the working of his mines to please the Sierra Leone Company ? Will the Portuguee flop the cultivation of the Brazils? Will the Dutch, the Danes, the Swedes, the Germans, the Hamburghers Nay, more, the Irith (but I hall speak to that preently) give up the trade to the Sierra Leone Company ? and if they all would, would the Muslims? Would the Deys of Tunis and Algiers, the Beys of Egypt, quit the purchase of slaves to please the Sierra Leone Company i what then is the effect of your regulations? That you throw these persons from a situation where you can regulate and preserve their health in the pafage, can protec them in the West Indies , by your laws, and throw them into the hands of those over whom you have no control; or is it that a Portuguese slave captain is more merciful than an English one? or that working in the mines of spain is more salubrious than in the plantations of Jamaica. But here it has been said, "' Let us relieve ourselves from this " trade ; " if other nations carry it on, let the blood be on their beads! I am glad my arguments please the noble Lord: for my pat, I admire not mucth that humanity that consists in spilling the blood and increasing the miseries of those whom you profess to protect. If then the question of the operation towards because of humanity is doubtful, and all your regulations are perfecly nugatory and inefficient, does it not become us to look to its operations towards ourselves, and to ifs effets on our islands? What then seems the general admifion of persons more conversant on this subjea? That without an import of Negroes your islands could not increase their cultivation. Tharthey could not preserve their present state of cultivation without an import of Negroes . That the abolition would flop a very great trade , and the export of your manufaaures. It has been said, that Negroes can be raised cheaper and better than they can be purchased; and as to the trade , that " it is a bad trade , a losing trade ; " that " the capital may be turned to a more " beneficial nd klcrative channel." but thc merchants and man, s54- PARLIAMENTARY continue a trade with the profits of which they are satisfied; to be allowed to maintain their families, and not to be turned from that course of life in which they have earned their livelihood, to seek their bread in a new line of business they do not understand; and if any one who has the feelings of humarfity should go to any town of this country where by any change in the channel of commerce , or by any accident the manufactures are stopped (though by the blessing of Providence and the wisdom of Government such place is hardly to be found,) if he were to see the misery, the difirefs, the disease that there prevail, he would think well before he would indulge in his own feelings and speculations, that might risque the bringing such misery on his countrymen. With respect to the import of slaves , the islands, the planters, almor unanimously agree, that the abolition would be ruinous to them; and with every disposition to pay deference to your Lordships on political fubjecs, I cannot but think persons so much interested as they are, can best judge what is necessary for them. Are you aware, my Lords, of the effectsbf the agitation of this question? The papers on the table show you what a spirit is rising in the colonies upon this subjec; convinced that these me sures strike at the exifence of their property, can you be surprised at their passions being irritated upon it? Have you well weighed the effecs of this agitation on the Black population of these colonies? Shall I be told that this law does not affe6 them. Make allowance for the distance, make allowance for exaggeration and miliatement. When the government, when even clubs in France attempted to take part with, and take up, the cause of our people, did we not all see the dangerous consequence? What must be the feeling of the Negroes , when they are convinced that the Government, the Legislature of this country , confider them as unjustly made slaves , as un jufily retained, and that the people of England have taken up their cause against their maisers. Are you aware of the value of what you put to rifi? From 70 to Ioo, ooo, ooo of property, .4, oo0, o0o of et port, 8, coo, ooo of import ; from 3 to 4, ooo, ooo of revenue; - thipping, sailors, and all the other advantages of this trade ; and would you put in doubt and question the work of centuries bs; in. - duftry and speculation, for the sake of the Sierra; Leone Company ? Are we to alarm, to agitate, to sacrifice, to false and exaggeetce flatements, to false and mistaken notionsof humanity , to the Siert Leone Company , those colonies tlat have refifed the military excr JULY 5.] DEBATES. Republican anarchy, and Republican fanaticism I hall, however, be told, that they are alarmed without reason , that this bill does not asset them, that it has none of the consequences I apprehend. I think it has, I think it is the firftr siep; but if I was convinced it had not, that they were alarmed