debate (Mr. B. Bdwards)., lie began .with ccufing, the honourable gentleman who made this motion, of " er/inacy...ip againprcfling the Eloufe with an application to aboiffi the.flave trade ; but so far am I from thinking him deserving ofcenfure. on this accllnlt, that ' olfer him the warmeir thanks, not, onl.y.in. my own name, ut in te name of the House, and of the country ..at large, for his laudable perseverance in so great and .so. good an undertaking. My honourable friend (Mr. B. Edwards) was pleased in the. next place to'af'ert, that the honourable mover was governed by a' defi4 not only to abolish the slave trade , but also to emancipate the slaves now in the islands. Who, Sir, that calls imfelfa man;. dces not ardently long to put as speedy a termination as offille to every species of slavery This is an object which mull be the.devout wifi of all. We can only differ as to the time and the mears, .of accomplifling so detirable a putpoe.. imiv honourable friend, Sir, principally grounds his. cafe upon the readiness and alacrity of the colcnial I gislaturcs to encourage the population, and aicmliorate the condition of the negroes , until fresh importations of tem fall be no longer necessary. The printed corrcfpondcnce bctwaeen the Duke of Portland and the colonies, which, upon: the mbtion of my honourable friend, was laid: upon the table of the House, mnanifets, 'fays he, their disposition to..promcte. the object of the present motion. Really,. Sir, the infernc.e i.draw from this correspondence is the very reverse. The Duke. d. ..Ports, land, in his circular letter to the several Governors, not .oply recommends' that steps may be taken for effeting the gradua: !a'oli.ti. of the trade , but begs them to state in their fir, dil: pat£hws, ..at mefaures had been already adopted for the. attainment, of. that.ead. The Gbvernors of Jamaica, Dominica, and St. \incen(s, pay : o, attention to this request; .they take no notice of it in tieir reply.. The Governor of'barbadoes says, that'he is, not a/are 9f any altei tionishaiing already taken place, calaulated to advancee purpose. ftted'by the Puke'of port.l4. '.Permit me then to asir, wbat. evidence is 'tere of an iclination in the Colonies to anihiite..tis hurrible aridndi'fracfl ' traffic i' This flibji4t has been freu.entlyl difecfled, .bothwirithil and without tfe .alls, during the., corjfe ?tf the last ten yeas, and the Cotloies .ha.^1inseabli'd .np.et, iiith a view to disqafh the trat us ny in i; J VOL.V what manner the Leeward Ifiands were affected upon the receipt of the Duke of Portland's circular letter. They were struck with alarm; they state, that the resolution of the House of Commons, recommended to their attention, " is of the highest importance , and involves the welfare, if not the existence, of the sugar colonies in the West Indies ," and they propose a General Council and aftimblv of the Leeward Islands to take it into consideration. You observe, Sir, into what consternation theef islands were thrown even by a decision of this House, which contains no more than a recommeni dation to them to lessen the necessity of fresh importation , ani leaves the line of proceeding entirely to themselves. Would it then be wise to truti to any future arringenernts on the part of the Colonies for hastening the period of the abolition Reliance furdcl would be weakness. Let me now advert, Sir, to the alfertion of my honourable friend, that this country cannot prevent her islands from being supplied with slaves from Africa . The trade will pass, says he, into the hands of other fates, which will convey them clandestinely into our Colonies. But, Sir, the Britifl force, if it cannot totally prevent an illicit practice of this kind, can certainly accomplih it ina degree. Should I, however, admit, that in a contraband way the planters could be fumihed with as many fre(h slaves from Africa , as at present , these dealers in human flesh would then sustain no injury by the abolition of the trade , and we hold have efaced a foul blot from the national character in no longer giving 'the fanaion of law to a branch of commerce , which violates the rights of humanity , and excites the abhorrence of every feeling nminr. Another argument used by my honourable friend, Sir, is this He contends, that if we pronounce the discontinuance of this traffic, the slaves in the ilands will soon be in a state of general infurec tion. The fongeft evidence to the contrary is afforded by experience. An i of the Britili Legifature against fresh importations of fiaves, weakens not a tangle regulation or legal refiraint upon the conduc of those already in the Colonies. The vote o the House in 1792, declaring, that this iniquitous trade hold bt abolifed in i796, produced no revolt of the negroes in the ilands The court of Denmark passed a law, that this trade hold ceafi from the year 800. Have we heard of any rebellion among tt blacks in her Colonies in the West Indies Myhonourable friend urges, as another objeaion to the motion that this is not the time for adopting it. Here, too, I differ si S him most widely. Our present situation is such, as to call. loudly for the immediate abolition of so scandalous a traffic..: raree, by mnanumitting her saves, and making them citiens, has constituted aformidable body of freemen, terrible to her fies. These emancipated negrors have exhibited a most grateful acknowledgement for the liberty conferred upon them, in the performance of surprising feats of valour. To be a match for France in the West Indies , we must meet her with her own weapons; we must adopt towards our negroes . the same line of condu file has observed towards hers; we must follow her example. Abolish the trade instantly; and if you regard the safety of your Colonies, unite dispatch with prudence, in bestowing the'bleffings of freedom upon the slaves who are now employed in your islands. I am happy,