spent in England. To 6 To promote the increase of trade , government has granted to several ocieties exclusive rights or monopolies. If a branch of trade be fuill very young and tender, granting monopolies may be perhaps prudent, to bring them to more firength and maturity; but if societies which enjoy such privileges, arrive at too great wealth, and become proud and insolent; if they become burdensome to the rest of the community, they then are to be deemed detrimental to trade , and the evil arising from such a cause, is to be prevented, either by restrictions and wise laws, or by a total dissolution of such monopolies. In that society wherein we live, none of its members are more intolerable and insipid, than insolent and purfe proud tradcfmen and merchants , or sneering, rich, and impertinent farmers. Those who are occupied in agriculture, and those that carry on trade and commerce are among the most refpeaable members of society; but both lose much of their utility and value whenever they become insolent and overbearing. I could easily prove and illustrate this, by the history of many monopolies and monopolizers; but I wish rather to give an account of those societies, which bear the name of trading companies in England. M 3 The The African company received its charter from Charles II They built forts on the coast of Guinea, and eftablilhed factories; but their conduct being afterwards not as it Thould be, parliament in the ear 1751, took the matter in hand, gave leave for erecting a new company , and granted a sum of money to indemnify the old for giving up their charter and privileges in favour of the former. This African company was under the regulation of the board of trade . Every British subjec is at present permitted to trade to the coast of Africa , and parliament generally grants a sum of io, oool. for the support of the forts ereted there for the protection of the trade ; which, therefore, properly speaking, cannot be called a monopoly. Much has been of late written and said upon the flave trade , which belongs to that of Africa , and the friends of humanity were in great hopes that it would be abolished; but they have, hitherto, been disappointed. No doubt is entertained by any impartial man, who is neither a flave trader nor a planter, and not conneted with either of them, that this trade is a disgrace to those nations who carry it on; and it has been proved, in parliamentary debates, in the most clear and fatisfatory manner, that the voice of humanity , as well as political reasons , call call aloud for its abolition . Two things, however, in regard to this dispute, seem to be not properly diftinguiihed by both parties, by whom it is carried on; at leafi they have generally lost sight of them. These two questions, Shall the flave trade be abolished?? this, Shall all the negroes , who are now acually employed as slaves , be set at liberty , and be declared their own masters? are undoubtedly very distinct from each other, and very differently to be answered. No man, who consults his own feelings will give a' negative to the first; and if those, who from unworthy motives or from depravity of mind, become advocates of this inhuman trade , are aked only this simple question: Would it not be right, and very just, for another person, who could, by ome means or other overpower you, to take you away from your own country , and transport you, against your will, wherever he pleased, to put you to hard labour, and chatlife you most unmercifully if you did not fulfil his commands? the indignation which they would immediately show, on this quefion being put to them, would be sufficient to confound them. After this they deserve no farther refutation, but contempt, since they deny that justice to others which they claim themselves as the right M 4 of of man, and as due to humanity . Besides, it has been proved to a demonstration, that the present number of negroes , who are acually now on the Britilh West india islands, is sufficient, with the addition only of ome African females, to propagate their own race, if they were properly treated, to such a degree, that there would be, within a few years, by far more than are wanted. The other question, however, Whether the negroes that are now employed as slaves are to be set at liberty ? ought to be answered according to the different views it is placed in, and with retrofpe to circurnftances. The Quakers in Pennsylvania, we are told, have given liberty to their negroes in the most generous manner, and have had no reason to repent of this noble ac of humanity . But the planters in the wvet indies do not think like Quakers; they calculate the sums their negroes have coil, and the money they have spent upon them. They ak, Who will reimburse us, who will indemnify us on account of our loss, if we give them liberty to be their own maiters? However, since it happens that calculations and felf intereft interfere in this initance, with the rights and exertions of humanity , let those who will not free their negroes , keep them as slaves , but let it not be permitted to treat them criu cruelly; forbid the farther importation , at least of male slaves , and let the planters know, that if they wish in future to have the benefit of the labours of the negroes , they must promote the increase of them within their islands, and that the next generation, which succeeds the present negroes , are to be as free people as themselves. If a plan like this were executed by authority, and the influence of government, it would soon put a flop to this hameful traffic, - which is a slain on the British national characer. And since the English were the first that began and introduced the flave trade , it