roused and opened the eves of many that would not be convinced before: and, since our indolence is at length awakened, our fecuritv a!armed, and every breast seems to be sied with those paniions which are inkindled by the love of our country , is it not full time to exert our whole strength, to reduce this nation within bounds, if possible? IN order to anfver so desirable an end, it will be necefflry to search narrowly into the present state, laws, efiabliihments, and rules of commerce , as well foreign as domestic, and to retrench what is superfluous and inconvenient [ Ill ] convenient in our own laws, and to fdpply what is infutiicient by prudent regulations. But, above all, does it not behove Great Britain seriously to think of making such so reign alliances, as will enable us to humble this eternal disturber of Europe once for all? For this I will prefumne to say may be done : and now or never seems the time! D I S [112] DISSERTATION XXI hbefyftem of the French with regard to their African trade ; vwlerein will appear, by what meafuires the), have become so ficcefjsil therein, and they have had Jo greatly the advantage over us. T IE African trade is estimable to the French, as well as other European nations , who have a share in it,. on account of the gold, the ivory, and the slave trade . Though the commerce of this country , as it has hitherto been carried on, affords but few articles, in comparison to that of others, yet it is valuable and important ; and the more so, in that it is so necessary a trade to the Europeans, as they are at present circumstanced. For THIS commerce is not only profitable to the refpetive Europeans, in the direct way of trading from their several countries to the African coast, but is so much the more so to those nations , which have colonies and plantations to support by the dint of negro labour, for want of a competent number of whites, for the cultivation of sugars , tobacco's [ i13 I baccoes, and all other plantation produc tions. How greatly beneficial this traffic has proved to the French nation in this refpet, we may judge from the extraordinary en create of their figar colonies. It is not above half a century since they did not employ above Ioo fail of ships for the supply of their own kingdom for sugars ; but in the late war it was discovered, that they employed above six hundred sail. This is one of the great nurfcrics of trade and seamen, that has rendered the French no less formidable in America than Europe. BY what means these mighty things have come to pass, cannot be so effectually represented, as by the authentic ordonances and arrets; which shows the real spirit of their laws. we need trace these no farther back than the year 1716. THE king's letters patent for the liberty of trade upon the coast of Africa , published at Paris, January 1736. [The preamble runs thus, which I flmall note with all brevity, for the sake of some useful observations.] LEWIS, &c to all, greeting. by letters patent of the late king, dated January 1685, there was eftabliffied a company by the name of the Guinea Company , to continue for the space of 2o years, excluding all VOL. II I others [ 114 ] others the trade of rneroes, gold dust, and other mcrclh..ndize trafficked in upon the coif of Atric., from the river Searraleone to the Cape of good hiope; and likewitc granting to tiis company diverse privileges and immunities; and, among other grants, exempted thenm from half the duties of all ierchan dizes, brought from all places within their di!': stand isles of America upon their own account, although the time limited by these letters patents flould be expired. the late kin,;, c. thought good, on account of engagements this company had made, in order to supply the Spanish West indies with negroes by the Afiento contract, to continue to them the same privileges and immunities, under the title of the Aiiento treaty, until the month of November, 1713.-the merchants of our kingdom having represented bhow munch it tended to the benefit of trade in general, and in particular to the improvement of the Frelch islands in America, that the commerce of the Guinea coast should be free and open to all his majesty's subjects; the late king did not think it proper to form a new company , thcu gh there were many perlsnns ready to offr themselves, and enter into such an afficiation; and, as wvc are willing to encourage the freedom of commerce , and deal favourably with the merchants and traders , who shall undertake this traffic, and affird them everything necessary to render it more considerable than it has 1[ i5] has been, and by that means to provide for our fubjets of the French isles in America a sufficient number of negroes , for improving the cultivation of their lands: for these and other reasons moving us hereunto, we have thought fit, by the advice, c. And have declared, resolved, and ordained, c. That A R T I C L E I. WE have permitted, and do permit, to all the merchants of our kingdom for the time to come, to have a free trade for negroes , gold dust, and all other merchandizes that may be brought from the coast of Africa , from the river Searralyonne to the Cape of Good hope, provided their ships are fitted out in the harbours of Rouen, Rochelle, Bordeaux, and Nantes. 2. The masters and captains who trade to the coast of Guinea, shall be obliged to declare at the secretary's of the admiralty office, eftablified at the place of their departure, and give security at the receipt of customs, to oblige them to return into one of the ports of Rouen, Rochelle, Bordeaux, and Nantes; except, nevertheless, those ships which shall go out