of sugar worlssin Jamaica, that the officers of.his army. 'arraffed and destroyed the common soldiers,,, well seasoned to the climate) by, seiploying them ase.field. labourers. This utter inaptitude of Europeans to such occupations in hot climates, and the impossibility of filpplyng them with white labourers, from any other source than Europe, leave no room for quetioning, but that we must either abandon all these settlements, ruin many thousands of our fellow subjects, and resign our fortune into the hands. of foreign powers, differing from us in sentiments; or we must conduct them, as hitherto we have ilccefsfully done, by the labour of Negroes ; whole conifitutions being; by nature and the Divine Will appropriated to these climates, they are evidently the fitteft.for such employments there. SECT. III T H E portt/guefe were the fira among the slates of Europe, who opened a trade with the natives on the western coast of, frica for slaves , in order to procure hands futficient for cultivating their American plantations . The epoch of this trade is fixed so early as. 1443. The Spaniards and Dutch were the next that 3 egaged [ 22 ] engaged in it. In the year 1553, three engli/h (hips' traded to the coast for gold, and one only returniid home safe. In the following years some other voyages were made; but the trade was neither : considerable nor advantageous, with a country producing so few articles of commerce , ' or capable of taking off so little prdduce of other nations . Mr. Yohn Hawkins fitted'out three ships in the reign of queen Elizabeth, 'nnno 1562; and, having learned that negroes were a very good commodity at St. Domihgo, he failed to the coast of Guiney, took in a number of them, which he sold at that island to the Spaniards, received in return hides, sugar , ginger, and pearls, and made a prosperous voyage . This success, it is pro;; encouraged other adventurers; but the trade was very inconsiderable, till a demand for slaves was created by our West India plantations , and the southern provinces of North { America. In i620, a Dutch vessel brought twenty Negroes to Virginia, the firfr that were introduced into that colony. In Barbados they were probably employed about the year ' 625, or 1626, a year or two after its first ingression by the English. When Captain obfon was at the Gambia in i62i, the inhabitants brought some female slaves to sell, which he refused, alleging, ' that this sort of C trade was not used by the English; " foi the Dutch, at this time, supplied the English settlements pi [ 23 tiements with what they wanted;; 585 and 1588, queen Elizabeth granted; two patents, to a body of rich merchants ; the one for an exclusive trade to the coaff of Barbary, the other for that of Guiney, between the rivers Senegal and Gambia. The same merchants , by a third patent, in 1 592, extended their rights from the river Nagnez to the south; of Sierra Leon. In 618, king Yames I. granted a new charter to Sir Robert Rich, and others. In i63 another was granted by Charles I. But all these companies , either from a deficiency of their capital, or ignorance in the management of this trade , successively fell to nothing. The Rump Parliament , in i651, granted a new charter; and this, although not more fortunate than the preceding, gave some interruption to the Dutch, who had hitherto almost engrossed. the whole business of supplying the English American plantations ; but in 1 662, these were so much cultivated and improved, the demand for Negroe labourers so greatly increased, and the advantages of the trade so well understood, in consequence of the acf of Navigation, which excluded the Dutch, and other foreigun ip ping, from trading to our colonies, that, for the better supplying of them with Negroes , Charles II incorporated a new company ; : at the head of which were the duke of Tork, and many persons of the first rank and diftinaion. This company undertook to furnish 3000 Northeast o/roes [ 24 ] groes annually.. But their affairs were so dif arranged by heavy losses, sustained in our war with Holland, that in 1672, another corporation was infiituted, called the Royal African Compaliy, which ftibfifted for many years afterwards. To this Company the king, the duke of York, and many of the nobility subscribed, so as to make their capital I i, oool. It appeared, that, soon after their establishment, they exported , of home manufacture, to the value of-7000 L yearly; and that they abundantly supplied our American colonies with Negroes , at a very easy rate. The trade continuing to flourish, it was found, after fomen years had elapsed, during which, great progress had been made in eftablilhing satories along the. coast, that it was extremely practicable, not only to keep our American colonies well provided with Negroes , but to furnish an annual number to foreigners ; and that many advantages might be reaped to the nation from this more extensive scheme. Accordingly, in 1689, (ifi William and Mary) a convention was entered into with Spain, for supplying the Spanish West Indies with Negroes , by the way of Jamaica. In the year i698 (9th and ioth William III the parliament took this trade under their consideration, and passed an at for regulating it. This aet fates the trade to Africa , " as highly beneficial to the kingdom, "and to the colonies and plantations thereon .( depending; " [ es I " depending; " it provides for the erection of forts and castles on the coast, for bester preservation, and carrying it on; and repeasrthe duty of i o. percent. ad valorem on Neegroes, (which private traders had been used topay to the African Company for permission tirade that the price of them should not 'beto ti much enhanced to the planter pirciaforis." In 1709 and 171 (Sth and gthof iahne)'tthe House of Commons voted some further'pro\, i sions in respect to the better security of