this trade ; and in i712, the Company's affa[ra being much in disorder, an at was'paifed for ratifying the composition they had entered : 'into with their creditors. On this occaioii were several resolutions of the House of Commnils, which testify the great importance ofthis.' trade , for supplying our sugar and other American colonies with Negroes ; viz. " That the trade "( ought to be open to all the king's subj ts. " That forts and settlements on the coast are "necetfary. That contracts and alliance iiare "necessary to be made with the natives, 'in order that our plantations may be supplied with ( fuficient Negroes , at reasonable rates." The Parfiament likewise voted, that the trade 'ihoiid be exempted from all burdens, and thht'ttie Crown should be at the yearly charge: f 1 o, o000. for maintaining forts . In consequence of there provisions, the trade revived; insomuch that, by the treaty of E Utrecht, [ 26 ] Utrect, i713, a contract was formed, for introducing into the Spanish West Indies , no less than 4800 Negroes annually, for thirty years to come. In 1726, 13 George I. the South Sea company firuck out a projet, for taking in Negroes at Madagascar, to be sold at Buenos Airs; and, for this purpose, the Parliament passed an aa, reciting, " that the 4' transportation of Negroes from that island "might become a very beneficial branch of " trade to the kingdom." And whereas, by the fiat. 9th and Ioth William II for fettling the trade to the Eafl Indies , it is provided, " that all the goods, wares, mer" " and commodities, laden in any " ship bound from the East Indies , or " parts within the limits of the East-india ' Company's trade , should be brought, without breaking bulk, to some port of England " or Wales, and there be unladen, and put on " land; " and by another flat. of 6th of queen Anne, " that, in default of bringing such goods, wares, c. to some port in Great " Britain, all such goods, wares, cor the " value thereof, should be forfeited; andfor " afnmuch as, the taking in of Negroes within, ': the limits of the said united Company's trade , and delivering the same at Buenos " Airs, without bringing them to England and Ylales, may be construed to be, breaking of bulk, within the meaning of the said 6 " ads [ 27 ] C acs of parliament , or one of them. Be it, therefore enacted, c." The same .a restricted the Company to four annual lhips, which were to carry out nothing but necessary provisions for the crew, and for the transportation of Negroes . It was about this time that the Company just mentioned employed upwards of thirty vessels, besides their annual ships , in the transport of slaves to the Spanish West Indies , and in making returns for the same. And in 1748 it was asserted, that, by means of the Afi ento, no less than 300, 000 1. in British manu fatures was annually exported by the carrying on of this trade ; upon which a profit was gained to the nation of near cent. percent. It was therefore with much regret, that, by reason of the jealousies of the Spanish court, and the many impediments they were continually throwing in the way, Great Britain found herself obliged to resign this contract, when the peace of Aix la Chapeile took place, in 1750. In this year, upon surrender of the Roydl African Company's charter, the Parliament passed an as, which, after mentioning the advantages resulting to Great Britain from the African trade , vests all the forts , factories, castles, canoemen, castle Jlaves, and all other the property of the late Company in Africa , in a new corporation of merchants : It enats, that any of his Majesty's subjects trading to Africa , may ered warehouses for security of E 2 their [ 28 ] their goods and javes; that no master of any ship shall, by force or fraud, carry away any Negroe native of the country , or commit any violence to the prejudice of the trade , under the penalty of i oo 1. for every such offence. In 1752, another aa was passed, for making compensation to the Royalfrican Company , for their charter, lands, sorts, cailles, fjaves, military scores, and all their other estate, property, and efec7.whatfoever, and to veit the same in the new Company . Annexed to this statute is a schedule, containing an inventory of those es feets, among which are expressly enumerated, Jix hundred and ninety fulr Jlaves, consisting of tradesmen, canoemen, labourers, women and their children: All these the Parliament of Great Britain purchased from the Royal 4/fri can Company , and reinvested them by this tratute in the new Company . 'hings continued in this state until the 5th of his present Majesty, i765; when another statute was enaced, by which all the lands, sorts, slaves , and, other effets by formner acts put into pof feilion of the African Company , were taken out of their hands, and vested in the Crown. The. trade was Lid open; and it was declared l.ajfid for all his Majesty's fubjeels, without prdfercnce or dif4inction, to trade and traffic to and from any of the ports and places on the coa03 of Africa , thereby veiled in the crown, wiith out any restraint, except as therein mentioned, [ 29- tioned, and! except that it fhall not be, lgwful for any of the officers or servants employed by the committee of the said Company , to export Negroes from Africa upon their own accounts. From the summary dedution I have given, .it appears, that the Negroe slave trade has been prosecuted by the English, either by private persons, by chartered or other Companies , for upwards of two centuries past. In this series, it has received the confirmation of our Kihtgs, and our Parliaments ; has been a fundamental article in treaties solemnly ratified with other nations ; and, in thort, has been framped with the consent of