wretched country ; that otherwiie might be at peace within itself. As As i prof of tlis; 'alii present the refaer Hwitf an exf ti. i ken fromh the jouril o" ttie furgeorf of aip i northeast rom : Torr, oni a voyage to the coast of xafrca. C T he'commander of thie vessel sent to accuiiiit thi king, that he wanted a' cargo of fitave The king promfifi d to frifhni him, and in order to do it, let oun, defigniag to fiirprize oiie toiwn, and make 'll the people prisoners. Some time after the king feit hiii word, he had not yet' met wi th te desired fiic eis': having attempted to break up two todins, r but. had been twice repulsed: bitt that he still hoped to procure the number of slaves . In this design he persisted, till he lmet his enemies in the field. .A battle wat sought that lasted three days. And the engagement was so bloody, that four thoufand five hundred were slain upon the spot; " This was only the trifling confeqtuence that arose from the innocent attempt to purchaif one cargo of slaves . But the harmzles condau& of the gentlemen that carry on this trade , 'fiews itself by a variety of effects amongift our fellow creatures in Africa , such as setting one party, to fal upon another unawares, and carrying off men,. women and children. Kings seizing upon. their own people and giving them for the goods that are offered by the traders : Others of t .49 J of .he natihves employing : tlemfdyes, .whenever the temptation is worth the trouble, .to surprise,, carry off their .own., .ontrymen, going.at night without noise, and. surrounding orne cottages, and .draging away the. defencelfs family Po the place of 'Ale: : Others : tealing .the litte . blacks whenever they cnan: find themin .alone, : on .the road or in the fields. Our ships receive al. .tiat come,, the q.uetion is only what they are wvorth;, top alk how they came by them. would ..equally affront he trading knowledge ofihoth the honourableparties in the bargin. That: lhefe arte the effects of the trade carried on by the Europeans on the coast of Afrca, no onecan deny: but should those who havenot had the.opportu, nity of being convinqcd of the truth, dispute. the fa, or think it incredible, that Chrifian .states .hold permit their fuibje&s.to.be authors of'fuch injustice, cruelty andbarbarity, they may. find all, that is here advanced ready proved to their hands, by men of other nations as well as our own, who upon the spot were witnefes of the truth of what they wrote The * See a Treatise entitled Thoughts upon Slavery , by the Reverend Mr. ivesey; and the iimn/awfi; 'taos slavery fully proved, in Mr. Iiargra; : 's argument in tle cafe of aijies Sommerfet a Negro . [ i50 ] The degree of guilt that there effe7s fix upon the caies of them, n muft be left to every humane and honest mind to determine. - But guilt it certainly is, and thatof the highest kind, whether it is tried by the rules of reason , justice or mercy. And instead of: the numbers that commit it being any diminution of the crime; the guilt and the criminals fuft ever swell in the same proportion. And thegreatnefs of the slates that permit their fubjets to ifeal, buy or enslave their fellow creatures, can plead nothing in extenuation of the punihmnent, when weighed in those icales in which all the nations of the earth are only as the du stin the balance. The first consideration is, the proportion of this trade that is carried on by our own nation . Mr. Anderson in his history of cormnerce says, ' England supplies her American colonies' with about an hundred thousand Negro slaves every year." That is, this number is taken on board our ships , but many die in the voyage , many in what is called seasoning, and many more deitroy themselves. The. that have known the joys that spring from freedom muff count life in bondage a worthless thing. th ey alas! have received no foretaste of £ II 1 Qs sweet peace within, to aleviate their bitter portion of human woe. They have found no Christian hand to point the mind's eye up to'the' pure fountain 'of immortal bliss. No wonde' that strangers to all future hope of joy fink into despair, and rather than endure: the tyranny of their enlightened maifers, and wear out painful days and nights under the yoke of slavery , they with the presumption of heathens ruih in darkness on, a world unknown. At whose hands Shall their lives be required? To whom is all this chargeable? surely to those that are the occasion of it. It is the Btyers of slaves that send those disgraces to the human race, to the coast of Africa to spread war, horror and death amongst the wretched natives. And so long as the colonies and plantations find purchasers, Britol and Liverpool will find monsters that Shall tear the children from the arms of their struggling mothers, and force away the daughter from the cries and tears of a father, whose worthless feebleness and age, denies him the privilege of slavery with his child; and whilst the support of his life is torn away for ever from his strong affcc'tions, behold the poor'old man bowed to the earth with tiuntterable 'grief," and his [ Is 1 his expiring cries ascend to Heaven's high throne in bitter accusations agairnf the robbers of all his comforts I And if we follow the surviving. victims cross the Western ocean to America, where. fnall we find the tender. pity that can draw the angels falling tear, to blot out the record of your acculing spirit in the world's great court of justice. Shall we hope to find this generous humanity in the colonies? Where, is the, ground in the plantations that does not bear witness of the cruel tyranny exercised upon