of the State, and amount to almost 2000ol. At Newport there is a flourishing academy, under the direction of a rector and tutors, who teach the learned languages, Englith grammar, geography, c. SOCIETIES.] A marine society was eftablifled at Newport in 175z, for the purpose of relieving difireffed widows and orphans of maritime brethren, and such of their society as may need afiftance. The Providence society for promoting the abolition of slavery , for the relief of persons unlawfully held in bondage , and for improving the condition of the African race, commenced in 1789, and was incorporated the year following. It consists of upwards ns 50o members, part of whom'belong to the State of Massachusetts. motint.un.] In the town of Bristol is Mount Hope, or as some call it, Mount Haup, which is remarkable only for its having been the seat of King Philip, and the place wxhere he was killed. BRIDGES.] The great'bridge in the town of Providence, formerly called Weyboffet, from a high hill of that name, which flood near the west end of the bridge, but wxhich is now removed, and its base built upon, is the only bridge of considerable note in this State. It is a60 feet long, and 22 feet wide, supported by two wooden tressels and two fione.pillars. It unites the eastern and western parts of the town, and is a place of resort in summer, affording a pleasant prospect of all vessels entering and leaving the harbour. This Is not a toll bridge. The bridge over Patucket Falls is a work of considerable magnitude, and much ingenuity. The assembly of this State, in their fefion of May 1792, passed an aet incorporating three companies , for the purpose of ereting three bridges one over the upper, and another over the lower ferry of Seekhonk river, and a third over Howland ferry, which .would unite Rhode Ifiand withtiverton on the main; the two former will greatly accommodate the town of providence the latter must prove highly advantageous to the .people of Newport and others on Rhode Island. To such works of utility and enter prise ever good man wiflhes success. SOIL 342 SOIL AND PRODUCTIONS.] This State, generally speaking, is a country for pafiure and not for grain. It however produces corn, rye, barley, oats, and in some parts wheat, ilfficient'for home consumption; and the various kinds of grasses, fruits, and culinary roots and plants in great abundance, and in good perfection; cider is made for exportation . The northwestern parts of the State are but thinly inhabited, and are more rocky and barren than the other parts. The trac of country lying between South Kingston and the Connecticut line, called the Narraganset country , is excellent grazing land, and is inhabited by a number of large and wealthy farmers, who raise some of the finest neat cattle in New England, weighing from ico to Icoo weight. They keep large dairies, and make butter and cheese of the best quality and in large quantities for exportation . Narraganset has been famed for an excellent breed of pacing horses, remarkable for their speed and hardiness for enduring the fatigues of a journey; this breed of horses has much depreciated of late, the best mares having been purchased by the people from the westward. TRADE .] Before the war, the merchants in Rhode Island imported from igreat Britain, dry goods from Africa , flaves from the West Indies , sugars , coffees, and molaffes and from the neighbouring colonies, lumber and provisions. With the bills which they obtained in Surinam and other Dutch West India Islands, they paid their merchants in England; their sugars they carried to Holland; the saves from Africa , they carried to the West Indies ,. together with the lumber and provisions procured from their neighbours; the rum distilled from the molasses was carried to Africa to purchase negroes ; with their dry goods from England they trafficked with the neighbouring colonies. By this kind of circuitous. commerce , they subsisted and grew rich. But the war, and some other events, have had a great, and in most respects, an injurious effect upon the trade of this State. The slave trade , which was a source of waealth to many of the people in Newport, and in other parts of the State, has happily been abolished. The legislature have passed a law prohibiting ships from going to Africa for slaves , and selling them in the West India Islands; and the oath of one seaman, belonging to the ship , is sufficient evidence of the fact. This law is more favourable to the cause of humanity than to the temporal interests of the merchants who had been engaged in this inhuman traffic. The town of Bristol carries on a considerable trade to Africa , the West Indies , and to different parts of the United States: but by far the greatest part of the commerce of this State is at present carried on by the inhabitants of the flourishing townr of Providence. In June 1791, there were belonging to this port Tonnes. 95 parts. IX Ships , containing -3, o66 54 35 Brigs 4, 266 48 1 Snow - - - 4 1 Polecre - o - - Schooners - - - 1, 320 1 56 Sloops - .- 3, 047 56 Total 1 9 sail, containing 1 1, 94z 84 The present exports from the State are flax seed, lumber, horses, cattle, beef, pork, fish, poultry, onions, butter, cheese, barley, grain, spirits, and cotton and linen goods. The imports coniifts of European and West India goods, and logwood from the Bay of Honduras. Upwards of 600 vessels enter and clear annually at the different ports in this State. The amount of exports from this State to foreign countries , for one year, ending the 3oth of September 179r, was 470, 131 dollars 9 cents. 3 lignt 344 LIGHT HOUSE For the safety and convenience of sailing into the Narraganset Bay and harbour of Newport, a light house was erected in 1749, in Beavertail, at the south end of Canonnicut Island.