defcription of the African Coaq/. forts and Facories. -- Exports front Great Britain. number of Negroes tranmported annually to the briti/h Colonies. state of the Trade from 1771 to I787. numiber of Negroes at this time exported annually by the diffrent Nations of Europe, T H E progress of my work has now brought CHAP. me to the contemplation of human nature in its I. moult debased and abjet state; to the prof,, pea of 450, 000 reasonable beings (in the English Ifands only) in a state of barbarity and slavery ; of whom i will not say the major part, but great numbers assuredly, have been torn from their native country and dearest connexions, by means which no good mind can reflec upon' but with sentiments of disgust, commiseration, and sorrow! VOL. II C I am B O O I ami not unapprized of the danger I incur ac IV this juncture in treating the subjet of African ' -- Slavery , and the Slave Trade . By endeavouring to remove those wild and ill-founded notions which have been long encouraged by misinformed writers in Great Britain. to the prejudice of; ihe inhabitants of the British Sugar Islands, I am' conscious that I shall be exposed to all that " bitterness of wrath, and anger and clamour, and evil speaking and malice," with which it has long been popular to load the unfortunate slaveholder: yet nothing is more certain than that the Slave Trade may be very wicked, and the planters in general very innocent. Much the greatest part of the present inhabitants of the British West Indies came into possession of their plantations by inheritance or accident. Many persons there are, in Great Britain itself, who, amnidit the continual lu&uuation of human affairs, and the changes irr cident to property, find themselves possessed of eitates in the West Indies which they have never seen, and invested with powers over their fellow creatures there, which, however extensively odious, they have never abused : some of these gentlemen, unacquainted with local circumstances, and milled by the popular outcry, have humanely given orders to emancipate all their slaves , at whatever expense; but are convinced that their bene olent purposes cannot be carried into effect consistently even with the happiness of the Negroes thermfelves. -- The Reverend Society eftab liihed in Great Britain for propagating the Gospel in foreign parts, are themselves under this very predicament. That venerable society hold a plantation in Barbados under a devise of Co Alluding to the petitions depending in parliament ; ii) for an abo!liion of the sae Tiade. lonel lonel Codrington; and they have found them. chap. selves not only under the disagreeable necessity of II supporting the system of slavery which was be' ' to them with the land; but are induced alob, from the purest and belt motives, to purchase occasionally a certain number of Negroes , in order to divide the work, and keep up the flock. They well know that moderate labour, unaccompanied with that wretched anxiety to which the poor of England are subject, in making provision for the day that is parsing over them, is a itate of comparative felicity : and they know also, that men in savage life have no incentive to emulation: persuasion is lost on such men, and compulsion, to a certain degree, is humanity and charity. The question then, and the only question wherein the character of the planters is concern. ed, is this: lmaking due allowance for human frailty under the influence of a degree of power ever dangerous to virtue, is their general con dut towards their slaves such only as necessarily results from their situation? If to this inquiry, an affirmative be returned, surely Christian charity, though it may lament and condemn the first establishment of a system of slavery among them, and the means by which it is still kept up and supported, will not hastily arraign those who neither introduced, nor, as I shall hereafter show, have been wanting in their best endeavours to corre: and remedy many of the evils of it. Having premised thus much, I shall now proceed to lay before my readers some account of the origin and present state of the Slave Trade , between the nations of Africa and such of the States of Europe as are concerned in it: this will constitute what remains of the present chap C 2 ter. B 0 0 K ter. In the next, I shall offer soil thoughts of IV the Negro character and disposition: after which '-^ -- - I shall treat, first, of the means by which slaves are procured in Africa ; secondly, of the mode of conveying them to the West Indies ; and thirdly, of their general treatment and situation when sold to the planters there: an arrangement which will afford opportunities of illustrating the foregoing observations, by enabling me to intersperse such reflections as occur to my mind on the several petitions now depending in parliament for a total abolition of the Slave Trade , all or the greatest part of which are grounded on abuses charged to exist under those several heads. In the year 1442, while the Portuguese, under the encouragement of their celebrated Prince Henry, were exploring the coast of Africa , Anthony Gonfalez, who two years before had seized fotne Moors near Cape Bojadar, was by that prince ordered to carry his prisoners back to Africa : he landed them at Rio del oro, and received from the Moors in exchange, ten Blacks , and a quantity of gold dust, with which he returned to Lisbon. The success of Gonfalez, not only awakened the admiration, but Stimulated the avarice of his countrymen; who, in the course of a few succeeding years, fitted out no less than thirty feven Ships in pursuit of the same gainful traffic. In 148, theportuguefebuilt afort on the Gold Coast; .another, some time afterwards, on the Island of Arguin; and a third at Loango Saint Paul's, on the coast of Angola; and the king