little felt the first year: nineteen remaining Negroes hardly perceive that they do the work which the preceding year employed twenty. But the second year the same work falls to the share of eighteen, and, if another year passes without an augmentation by purchase, seventeen muff do the work first allotted to twenty. This must give rise to discontent, desertion and revolt; or, if thn Negroes put up patiently with this surcharge o labour, ilinefs and an earlier death must be the consequence. Or, lastly, if the planters seek t( avoic avoid all these inconveniences, they muff gra CHAP. dually contract the limits of their plantations , and IV of course diminish their produce." thus immie. '- ~ diate interest in all cafes, and urgent distress in many, are opposed to the principles of justice and the dictates of humanity ! What I have thus deliberately written, is not, if I know my own heart, the language of selfish. ness, or party. I confess that, reflecing on the means by which slaves are very frequently obtained in Africa , and the destruction that formerly attended the mode of transporting them to the West Indies , I was at one time of opinion it be. came this great and renowned nation , instead of regulating her condut by that of other stares, to let a laudable example to them, by an immediate and unqualified suppression of this reprobated commerce ; and I should frill maintain and avow the same sentiments, were I not, on fuller inquiry and better information, led to fufpet that the moans propqofd are not adequate to the end. I fear that a direet and sudden abolition , by one nation alone, will not serve the purposes of humanity in Africa ; and I am fully, convinced that such a measure will tend to aggravate, in a very high degree, the miseries of a great majority of the Negroes already in the West Indies ; whose decreasing population is at present unavoidable; and who therefore, unless recruited by supplies from Africa , must find their labours augment, as their numbers diminiflh. The next object to which it was proposed to diret our inquiries, is the mode of conveying saves from Africa to the West Indies , and their mortality in the voyage ; constituting the second ground on which moult of the petitioners to parliament for an abolition of the trade , have rested their o10 BOO their application. But before I proceed to con. IV fider this part of my subject, it may not be im. -'$- proper to offer a few observations concerning the great disproportion of sexes in the purchases that are made on the coast; it being a well-known sac, that of the vast numbers of slaves annually exported from Africa , about one third only are females. This circumstance has been tortured into a charge of criminal neglea and improvident avarice against the planters of the West Indies , who are supposed from thence to have no with of making their slaves even as happy as their situation will admit, or of keeping up their nunm. bers by natural increase. How far these charges are founded, let the following testimony of a very competent witness, determine: -" The disproportion in the number of male and female laves exported from Africa (fays Mr. Barnes) appears to me to be imputable to the three follow. ing causes: First, to the practice of polygamy which prevails throughout Africa . Secondly, to some of the very causes of slavery itself; men are more apt to commit civil offences than women, and in all such cafes, where males and females are involved in the same calamity, the first cause fill has its operation: the young females are kept for wives, and the males are sold for saves. Thirdly, to the circumstance that females become unfit for the flave market at a much earlier period than the males. A woman, through childbearing, may appear a very exceptionableflave at twenty-two, or twenty-three years of age, whereas a healthy well made man will not be objected to at four or five and thirty; consequently, if an equal number of males and females of like ages were offered for Report of the Committee of Council, 78s9. sale, tale, a much greater proportion of the females CHAP. would be rejeted on that account only. With IV regard to the question, Whether the European traders prefer purchasing males rather than females? I have to observe, that though it.is im pofflible to conduc the business, either of a house or of a plantation , without a number of females, yet as the nature of the flave fervice in the West Indies (being chiefly field labour) requires, for the immediate interest of the planter, a greater number of males, the European trader would of course wilh to purchase his assortment according to the proportion wanted; but the fat is, he htls not an tpion in the cafe for the reasons already mentioned; so that in most parts of Africa it is with great difficulty he can get as many saleable females as xill form any tolerable assortment." The application of these remarks will hereafter be seen. I now return to the manner of transporting the slaves thus purchased, from Africa tp the West Indies . It is difficult, I think, to assign any probable realbn or motive why the treatment of these poor people at sea Should be otherwise than as humane an indulgent as the safety of the crew will admit. Many shocking instances were however adduced, in the evidence delivered to the committee of privy council, of moult outrageous and wanton barbarity and cruelty exercised towards them in different snips; but, as the witnesses that were brought forward to eftablifil these charges were not the moult refpecable in point of charater; and in some cafes were proved to have suits at laui vith the captains against whom they gave evi. dence, I Shall collet my account from less disputable authority. It is admitted on all hands that the men flaves are secured