HI STORY, : Y CIVIL AND COMMERCIAL, OF THE BRITISH COLONIES IN THE WEST INDIES , IN TWO VOLUMES. Br BRTAN EDWARDS, est. OF THE ISLAND OF JAMAICA. VOL. II D U B L IN LUKE WHITE. M.DCC.IXCIII C O NT e1 N T S. B O O K IV PRESENT INHABITANTS. CHAP. I. SUM MAR account of the Inhabitants of theje. veral Iflazlds. clafles. emigrants from Great Britain and Ireland. predominant character of the European refidents. creoles or Natives. Effe7 of climate. character of the Creole Women and Children of the people of Colour, and their different tribes or cafts. limitations and reftricions on the Mulattoes and native Blacks of free condition. their character at length, concluding with an Ode to the Sable Venus. P. i H A P. II Of Negroes in astate of Slavery . preliminary Ob fervations. origin of the Slave Trade . portu guefe Settlements on the African coajf. negroes introduced into Hispaniola in 1502, and the Slave . Trade revived at the instance of Barth. de las Casas, in 15 7. hawkins Voyages to the Coast, in 5i62, i563. african Company eftablihed by James I. second charter in 1631 by Charles I. VOL. II a Third I - - - -- -- -- I Third charter in 1662. fourth charter in 1672.-lifc7 of the Petition and Declaration of Rib't in 658S.-Adc7s of the 9th and loth of Wilhiiaal and Iar7; ', C 26. new Regulations in 175o.-D cripfion of the African coafj. forts anid I c7sorics. exports from Great Britain. Number of. Ncgroes trafmoprted annually to the briti/h coloni.s. stae7c f tie Trade from 1771 to 1/787. -- in; mber of liegroes at this time export . CD anl: anlly by the different Nations of Europe. Page 33 C H A P. III Afandilng'cs, or na!i.ves of the Windward Coaf.. imahomstans. rtheir wars, manners, and per /cins. ikoro!; : inti Negrccs, or Natives of the G Col Cot. -- Thcirfc ciofnlef of disposition dif p: r; -' by an account of the Negro rebellion in 7a i: aica in I760. .their national manners, wars, aild .ciprflitions. -- Natives of ll 7idah or Fida. Their god qialities. nagocs. negroes from B; nin.. -- Prfons and tempers. canibls. na ti~ s of Kongo and Angola. survey of the chara: 7 r and dfp?/ititons of Negroes in a Jlate of Jiau '', '. -- - 56 C II A P. IV i', .'s rs oi; 'i!; :, sas in Africa . obfervat, 'onm; t.rtrc. olljccli':;; S ij a d.rct7 and immedigtc L '.!5: ti oj te trac b; ' the britijh Nation onl. -- te i pro.ab[ con ri/l? L ccs of fiich a meajifr., bi'; t in Africa and the Wy'tc/ ijndies, ce: fidered. Diroprtions of i': ti in the number of Slav.: s a; :; L '', ex: : portcd from Africa . caifes thereof. Modie oftra, io'óting Negroes to the wief Indies , and and regulations recently eftablifjed by at of par liament. effect ofthofe regulations. Page 93 CHAP. V Arrival and sale in the wea Indies . negroes newly purchased, how difpoed of and employed. Detail of the management of Negroes on a fu. gar plantation . mode of maintaining thems -- Hoifes, clothing, and medical care. abiufes. Late regulations for their protection and security. Cat fes of their annual decreafe. polygamy, Sc. slavery in its mildest form unfriendly to population. general cbjfervations. propofals for the further meliorating the condition of the Slaves , with which the fstbjec concludes. 115 APPENDIX, No. I. Consolidated Slave Alt of Jamaica - - - 143 -- -- -- -, No. II Account of the number of Ships , with their tonnage, which cleared from Great Britain to Africa , in each year, from 1700, together with the total exports to Africa in each year, during the same periods; dif/inguiihing the vaalue of the biiti/h, India, and Foreign goods; to which are added the quantity and value of each articlefrom the year 1782. - 190 BOOK V a 2 B O O K V A G R I C U L T U R. CHAP. I. Sugar Cane. known to the ancients. conjetlures concerning its introduction into Europe. convey. ed from Sicily to the Azores, c. in the i5th century, and from thence to the West Indies . Evidence to prove that Columbus hinfelf carried itfrom the Canary ijlands to Hifpaniola. sum mary of P. Labat's reasoning to demonstrate that it was found growing fpontaneoujly in the wlej Indies . both accounts reconciled. botanical name and dfcription. soils bcfl adaptedfor its cultivation, and their varieties, defcribed. ufe and advantage of the plough. ufial method of holing and planting. seafon proper for planting. Blaft. manures. improvements suggested. Page 195 CHAP. II crop time the season of health andfefiivity. mills for grinding the canes. of the cane juice, and its component parts. procefs for obtaining raw or muscovado fugar. melaffes, and its di pofal. procefs of making clayed sugar - -- rum. still houfes and Jills. c'iferns and their ingredients. -- windwardljlandprocefs. jamaica method of double difillation. due quantity of rum from a given quantity of sweets, ascertained and Jtated. - - 16 CHAP. CH A P. III Capital necessary in the Settlement or purchase of a sugar plantation of a given extent. the lands, buildings, and Jtockfeparately cofidered. par ticulars and coft. grofs returns from the pro perty. annual diburfements. net profits. Various contingent charges not taken into the ac count. diference, not commonly attended to, in the mode of estimating the profits of an Englih estate, and one in the West Indies . infurance of Wist India ejtates in time of war, and other occasional deductions. thr e quejlion, why the cultivation of the Sugar ijlands has increased, under Jo many dfcouragements, considered and difiuf fed. Page 238 CHAP. IV Of the minor Staple Commodities, viz. COTTON, its growth and various fpecies. mode of cultivation, and risques attending it. imnport of this article into Great Britain, and pro/its accruing from the manufactures produced by it. indigo, its cultivation and manufacture. opulence of the first