the aforesaid larger Sorts. The African Company was erected under the Duke of 2ork in K. Charles I1 Time, and therefore Royal; the Epithet being still retained, though' that Prince's Superstition, and Thirst after Power, have long since justly ba nifh'd him the Realm. In it's first flourishing Condition, it was allowed by authentic Accounts to have gained annually to England 9oo, ooo0. whcreof in Teeth, Camwood, Wax and Gold, was only oo00, 000ooo. and the rest in Slaves ; which in the Infancy of their Trade were in very great demand over all the American Plantations to supply their own wants, and carry on a clandestine t g.inea destine Commerce with the Spaniffi West in ira s. dies. On Computation, Barbados wanted annually 4000 Negroes , Jamaica ioooo, Leeward Islands 6000; and because the Company ('twas complained by such as wished them ill Success) could dot supply this Number, having only imported 463 96 Slaves between the years 68o and 6s 8; Interlopers crept in, and contended for a Share; which the Company reprefenred as contrary to the Privileges of their Patent, and withal, that the Accusation was groundless and unjust, because they did supply enough for demand, and maintained Sorts andgarifons at a great Charge, for awing and fubjecring the Natives to trade , and maintaining an Industry equal to the Dlutch, without which it was plain to all impartial Con fiderers, it would be but very difficultly carried on. However, their Adversaries, after some years of grumbling, obtained an A of Parliament 1697, whereby private Traders for making good this deficiency of Slaves , should have Liberty of Trade , allowing the Company Io percent. towards defraying their extraordinary Expense. From this time the Company more visibly decayed, insomuch that in eight following years they only imported to the West indies 177 60 Slaves ; and the separate Traders in that time 7 1268. Their Io percent. in the first ten years amounted to 874651. and therefore finding their Trade under great disadvantages with these rhere new Inmates, they resolved to make tlhe beguinea belt shares they could in this Money, by iciffn t'" e. ing their Expense about the Forts . They accordingly withdrew all Supplies from their Garifons, leaving them to fubift by their own Management or flarvc. Gambia Forthaving only twelve men, was taken by a Privateer of eight Guns in 1709, Sierraleon thirteen men, Sherbro four, and these not of any Charge to the Company , but were pofltf'ed by iuch, who having a long time resided in their Service, by help of those Fortifications were capable to do something for themselves, and so the private Traders by degrees got entirely quit of their Impofi; the reason in a manner ceal ing, for which it was at first allowed. About 1719, their Affairs seemed to revive again, under the Aufpiccs of the Duke of Chandois, who became a very considerable Proprietor in their Stock , and prornifed from his Figure and Interet' a Renewal of those Privileges that had depressed them; their Objections ccafing, (rhe number demanded being now very short of what it was formerly.) More Ships were employed than for many years past, but whether it were their too large Expense, or Corruption of their chief Officers, who too often in Companys think they are sent abroad purely for their own Service, or both; they soon felt that without a fiparate Ad they were uncapable of contending with private Traders , and every year more 3neguineamore and more explaining their Inability' i"" i they applied to Parliament , and now lhpport their Forts by an annual Allowance from the Government, of 0ooool. Those who are the Favourers of Companies suggest, that if the Trade mufl be allowed, and the Christian Scheme of enlarging the Flock cannot well be carried on without it, that then it seems necessary and better for the Public that rome rich and powerful Set of Men should have such exclusive Powers to encourage and enable the fubfil ing of Forts and Garifons, to awe the Natives and preserve the Trade from being engrossed by our dangerous Rivals here, the 'Dutch; which, as we relinquish, falls an acquisition to them, and renders all precarious; they could also bring (as an exclusive Company ) foreign Markets to their own Price. The Company's Trade wanting that Encouragement, every year grows worse; buying dearer than in times past on the Coast, and selling cheaper in the Jtteft indies ; the reason at Guinea, is a greater Scarcity of Slaves , and an improved Knowledge in the trading Negroes who dispose of them; and at the wejf indies it is the Demand failing, more disadvantageously till for them, because separate Traders are not under the delays they are subjet to: They take the whole Coast in their way, while the other is consigned to the Governor, and can afford to underfel their their Goods, necessary Requifitcs for difpatchtvegaine" and Succcfs) because they stand exempt from Trade . all Coaft charges. On the other fide, our Colonies are now pretty well glutted with Slaves , and their Call consequently not nigh so large : zooo2000 in a year perhaps furnishes all our Plantations , and though' more are imported , it is in order to transport them again to the Spaniflh w/ef indies , where though' the Aifiento Ships are of late years only indulged by Treaty, all others being liable to Confiscation, and the People to Slavery if taken by the Spanish Guardle Costa;; the Profpet of Gain inciting, they fiill find means to continue on, and maintain a forcible Traffic for them, under the Protecion of their Guns. This clandestine Method, by the way, hurts the South-sea Company , beating down the Price of their Slaves , who cannot so well afford it, because bought, and brought there at a greater Charge. The third part of our Division is the Bay of Guinea, which takes in Whydah, Benin, Callabar, c. to Congo and Angola in 8"° S. In this Extent jwhydah is principal, there being more Slaves exported from that place before