new Ones built, as Occaflon may require, either to balance the Power of other Rivals, or to secure an Interest with the Natives; and effecual care will be taken to send out all sorts of Materials, Stores, and Provisions, for the Repairs, Defence and Support of the several Settlements; to contract with, and send out Governors, Faaors, Soldiers and Artificers; and to provide sufficient Numbers of Castle Slaves , Canoes, Canoemen, and Coasting vessels; and in General to defray all the other necessary Charges of the Trade . 1. The Trade bein Open, and every Person at Liberty to Trade , or not to Trade , as he Pleases; fomefew Particular Persons osu. who have the Art to draw in others, Ignorant cf the Trade , would reap the Advantages of the Trade , by Buying the Cargoes , and fitting out the Ships Employed therein; and f~me others, who have Commifion Houfs in there Plantations , or go Shares with the Maser' and Factors, in their Com: ifflons in th West Indies , would be the onl Perions, wh 1 by sich Clandeltine and unfair waijs, woul get Estates, to the Ruin of all others con, cerned with them in the Trade , and unguardi ed againtifuch Practises. 2. That by this Scheme for an Open Tra the Present Company would be divefedof the Property, and their Forts and Settlement which they have bought and built with th own Money, be taken from them, and vei in the Crown, and their Charter made vw without giving any manner of Security or tisfatfion to the Present Adventurers and Cr ditors; that they fjhal be fairly valued, or th one Penny offuch /aluation fbau ever be paid. 3. The Forts and Settlements being vete in the Crown, and a daty laid upon all Good exported to Africa ; if Merchants find the Trade under any Dilcouragement, or that they can inploy their Money better any other, way: Then Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Succefors, muif/ either dieburfe all the naeceffar Charges or suser the Forts and Settlements to go t ruin, and the Trade to be lost to this Nation and the Duty proposed, frj to be laid, in a Probability being not enough to Anfiwer par of the Charge, Her Majety murtand olige to afiwer the rest. 4. The 4. The Trade and Government of A friu* being under the Direltion of a Company ; Effeatual Care will be taken that none of the Companies Agents, Facors, Matters of Ships or others in their Service, either wrong or Rob the Natives, or be wronged or ll used by them. . A Company may be obliged to Export Annually, to the Coast of Africa , in Goods and Merchandise, to the Value of One Hundred Thousand Pounds, or more, if the Trade requires it. 6. The Governors and faaors of a Company , having always a large Stock at Command, and limited to no Certain Expense, would be able to Make and Maintain the Necessary Contracs and Confederacies with the Kings, Countries , and Principal Traders of Africa ; and to Protet and Defend such Countries and People, as (hold espouse and promote the Britib Trade and Interest. 7. By a Company the Forts , Satories, and Magazines in Africa , would always be Regularly and Plentifully Stocked with all Sorts of Proper Vendible Goods, and a Constant and Regular Trade Carried on, all the Year round, with the Inland Countries , to and from the British Forts and fa.&ories. 8. The Trade being under one Uniform Influence, and Diretion, the Companies Agents and Fators will be able to keep up, and set the same Prices on their Goods all over the Coall, and Buy Slaves at Moderate Rates, and have none other but Foreign Rivals to Contend with. 9. A Companies Agents and Fators xill always have sufficient Numbers o Slaves , and great Quantities of Gold, an Goods ready in their Forts and Fado ries, whereby they will be able to giv, the Companies Ships a Quick Dispatch and save much Charge in Demurrage and Mortality of Slaves . 4. In an Open Trade the Masters or fiaiors of Private Traders , may clandejfielj Rob cr Steal the Natives; and then the next Cotrers though' Perfectly Ignorant and Innocent, makl expeet to be Seized and Robbed of their Gowdi and ejtate, to make Reparation fr fush in. juries. . Private Traders , who for Nine tearj pat, have not Exported 40000.o Annuilt, would, if the Trade be laid Open, be Rest a; their Liberty to Trade for more or less, as they Please; or as they can draw in, or be concerned with others, tofave or take Profit for themf/lves. 6. The Governors and Factors upon the Foot of an Open Trade , with a Precari ois, Vncerttin and Scanty Fund, and Allowance, would be utterly Vnable to make and Maintain any Contracts or Confederacies in Africa : Because the Hollanders knowing the length of their Purses, and the Uncertainty f their Supplies, would either bid higher for an interej with the Natives, or Embroyl those Countries in Wars, who fboald dare to Efpotufe the British Interest. 7. In an Open wvay, almojf all the Bririfh Trade would be Carried on b Shipping ; so that our Forts and Factories being ai'i: a Empty, and the Dutch rorts and Faiot; es always Full of all Sorts of Goods they n.ould Intercept, Bribe, and Engage all the I; L .d Traders to go and furnijfl themselves at th: ' Fadtories; vlhilf the Ships of private '1'i: - ders, should sied no Vent for their Goods, lie upon Delmurrage, avd at last be Obliged to go offte Coast halj Slaved . 8. In an Open Trade , the Falors and ma/iers of Ships will always be Contejlng with one another, and obliged to Sell their Goods at under Rates, and give Extrrv: a gant Prices for their Slaves , which will be an Immediate Advantage to the Negroes , a I great Discouragement to the British imer shants, and give our Rivals the faires opportunity of Engrofing the whole Trade to