Canada wheat answers better. Rice is only used for negroes when at a low price, nor is it necessary except for those who are sickly,. and the quantity required for them is not considerable. The price of that article, before the war, was generally regulated by the price of conm mon flour, which was preferred as a more substantial food. Indian corn is required in Jaiimica more for horses than negroes , who chiefly depend on plantains and ground provisions, and seldom use much corn, unless when these fail. Peas, beans, and oats were, during the war, sent from hence, fubiituted in the place of Indian corn, and were found to answer well. Oats, beans, Itores, and provisions, to a very considerable amount, go from Britain, and the advantage of supplying them hold increase. The taking everything however from the port of London, imposes in some cafes an unnecelwary expense on our islands. This arises partly from thp advantage of assorting cargoes in the port of London, and partly from the eircumrance of X sugar sugar faaors generally fixing themselves there; but in many cafes, stores and provisions might be lhipped from the ports that can supply them. cheapest. Little except manufa&ured tobacco is introduced into the West Indies for consumption there; nearly enough is raised in the iflands for the use of the negroes : tobacco was sirs the growth of St. Christopher's, and sold in England about the year 1630, for a Jacobus per lb. The quantity of rice imported into the British and foreign West Indies annually, on an average of three years, ending With i773, was i8, 337 barrels, of which 20, 563 barrels were imported into the British West Indies . - Annually, on an average of three years, ending 1773, there were exported from North America to the British and Foreign West Indies 558, 871 buihels of Indian corn, of which were imported into and consumed in the British West Indies 401, 47 1 buihels. AFRICAN f' RAD E. As to the African trade , Congress and some of the general assemblies have declared against it; but the Carolinas and Georgia at least, mur continue continue it '. It is said, negroes only can stand thke.work in those hot climates. Rice, indigo, and tobacco cannot for some time, if ever, be raised to advantage without slaves but the importation did not keep pace with the increase. The price of slaves was lowered before the war; slaves born in the country were preferred, as fear soned to the climate. The slaves purchased in Africa by the American traders , were of an inferior low priced fort . The northern.states may attempt to supply the continent of America with slaves , for the sake of disposing of their rum, a large quantity of which they used to send to Africa ; but this trade will now be difficult to them, and they will want British credit. If it muss be carried on, it should be thrown into the hands of Bristol, Liverpool, and Glasgow, by allowing the slave ships , on their return from the West Indies , to bring back rum, to be stored in the King's warehouses, till they sit out again for AFRICA , without being charged with any duty or expense but florage. This will open a new market for our rum, and will extend our trade to Africa , which used to be supplied from the New - England distillerics. The number of negroes imported into North America annually, en an average of three years, viz. from 1769 to 1773 inclusive, were 621o, amounting, at 401. * The Americans are now (1784) contractihg with oar merchants for a large number of slaves . X each, each, (which is a moderate price) to 248, 4001. sterling. The number of haves imported diret ly from Africa into the British West Indies , in 7?73, were 23, 743, which at the same price a. mounted to 949, 8001. It is not probable that all nations will give up this cruel trade : benevolence is not so general : the trade is said to be necessary; but although it be very advantageous to England, and even if it were infinitely.more o, the discontinuance of it is much to be willed, unless we can learn to treat the negroes better. In some parts of America they are used better than in our Wefl india islands, and the French use them fill Getter than the Americans. FROM FROM the foregoing Rate of the imports and exports of..america to and from Europe and the Wrest Indies , a judgement may be formed of their natural course and tendency of their importance , and of the measures that fiould be adopted by Great Britain; or rather, it appears, that little is to be done, and our great care hold be, to avoid doing mischief. The American States are separated from us and independent, consequently foreign : the declaring and treating them as such, puts them in the only situation in which they can now be *. Friendly, indeed, we may yet be, and well disposed to them; but we should wait events rather than endeavour to force them. Nothing is hazarded; no hidden mischief is to be dreaded; and, relying on those commercial principles and regulations under which our trade and navy have become so great, Great Britain will lose few of the advantages Ihe possessed before these States became independent; and, with prudent management, lhe will have as much of their trade as it will be her interest to with for, without any expense for civil eftabliihment or proterion. The States will suffer- -- have lost * That the American citizens are no longer to be considered on the footing of Britifi fubjea: s is surely put out of doubt, by their renunciation of allegiance to this country , and by our ratification of the Preliminary Articles; but it should be put out of all doubt by as of Parliament , for many weighty commercial as well lost much by separation *. Wre shall regret the money