Stock Company will be tied down to fur nilf the Plantations only with Negroes , for it's very rell knowln, that mofi of the Negroes , Imported into the Plantations by the separate Traders ; during the late Aft of Parliament , rrere Exported again to the Spaniards, French and Dutch, but principally to the 5jpniards. And certainly, it can never be denied, but that, if Merchants are left to their Liberty , they will Trade with those Nations who can better give 401. per Head than the Britifs. Planter can give 20o 1. for Merchants trill have regard to their own private gain; but it's not doubted bt: t that the Pailiament will confider that every Negroe sold to the Britif Planter, though' under 201. brings much greater advantage to this Kingdom, than one sold to other Nations at 401. or even at Fourscore; because the Labour of a Negroe brings 4nnually ten Pounds during his Life; and as his Children grow up, their Labour amounts to as much more pach. It's next to be considered, that, it will be Impossible( () Tnmofsible to perform the Afliento Contra unless an Exclusive Company with a Joynt Stock be Efabliihed in manner aforesaid; for if a Number of msen, open Traders , fihould enter into an Agreement tor the performance of this Contrat, they mn: .j mnate Srib; cricptons, and this will become a Stock , and Inte'fere with all other open Traders ; and fnould such a ting, happen, what advantage will the oat ports of Great brit.in have; when they try the Trade to Africa , they will find that the Nua, iers of Traders that live at London will so Govern the Market up1n the Coast, that other Ti': .dci's will; be ail to come in Competition with them, or otherwifi¢, what has been and is the Cafe alrealdy, will continue, viz. that by Struggliig with one another upon the Coast of Africa , they will oet only keep up the price of Slaves there, but raise it frill higher, and so put the Trade in a w.yrf, Coritiion than it's now in; and make the A fica.; .s wiser and wiser by throwing the profit in .o their hands; so that at last they being at Liberty to Tra: le with whom they please, will find the Sweet of Tradin rwitb other Nations , who can givje them at eza? : s nrt mrc again as the Britifl Merchants can. : V hich means it musa in the End come to pais, that, even those that would pretend to secure the .Arian Trade moult, will not be able to purchase any Slaves at all: But Should any Set Cf open Tiaders pretend to secure the African Trade to Elis Nation ; then it's presumed, they must have Fort , carles and factories; If they build them, they vmuft Confider of ibomr they are to purchbiae tle L d, and the great Expense that must attend fach an undertaking; but allowing that fitch a Set of Men could get over that, then it's plain there will be two Coomapay's. the Consequence whereof need ni; be mentioned. But it may b! '() be fnippofed that this present Company wray be Compelled to part with their Forts and Fadories, and all their property upon the Coaf; buot can this be any more than changing Hands, if any Set of Men be put in Possession of those Foits, c c. and make Subscriptions f: ffilient to secure the Afiento Contraf, and a sufficient Importation of Ntgroes to the Plantations at reafinahle Prices. And if ibis Security is not given, then rrh. t will becomre of the Plantations and the afiicnto conlr~cr. U: ere it not therefore more confisent with Reason and justice to confider, that, many Years ago, tle Coast of Africa was by Charter granted to the present afr ican Company ; that at the time that that Charter was granted, rth Trade iwa in a, manner lost to tli.s Nation , which the Company foort after recovered and vastly Improved; that they have since laid out great Sums of Mloney upon Forts and faaorics and in caort)i; on this Trade ; that for many Years they tn; nifh d the Plantations at easy Prices, and gave long Ciedit; that by these means the Sugar Colonies were Settled and did arise to a great Heigtith that in the first and second Years of the i.ft of the two lait Wars, they lost near Thit, ' Ships of their own; that the French commn itted great Depredations upon some of their Fajlorics, that they have fuflaincd great; Losses by the lhur icane and Eat tlquake in arnzica: and by their Out hlanding Debts in that and the other Plantarions; and ladlly that they have sus sered many great bardjlhips by the late A of Par, liament, which did ii!deed Oidain that all Separate Traders il old pay Io percent, to the Company on all their Exports , for and towards the Maintenance of their Forts ; whereas it appear s from the Entres cf the Separate Traders , that they never paid p'zi, the Company above percent. Would it not I sav, be Joftice to give this Company an Opportunity of retrieving those lofws, and to Enable them to take Su'fcriptionn, for a fufficienc Stock to ccrry on the tra le, and to get the power of the Ccaft of 4fric.i a.ai into their own Hands: Which great point cannot otherways be gained but by amerchandize, and Power hcinij in one and che lame Hand, to make Alliances with the Negroe Kings, that they may sell their Slaves only to the Company . is il nor very plain that since this late At of Parliament , N: rnes bhae rifci; in their Price upon the Coal, and that the fl.ntcers b., ze paid much dearer in the Pli; tations, and have been but ill Supplied? Though' it may be allowed that the Wars were partly the Cause of the Lall Evil, yet it cnnce be thought Co oi the firif, which was