Bretagne, c. So soon after, as the 27th of September, 1720, there palted an arret of the council of slate, granting and re uniting perpetually to the French East-india company , the exclusive privilege of the trade of the coast of Guinea, &c. the preamble to which, as contained in the regifsers of the council of slate, is as follows, and well deserves the attention of this kingdom -- It runs as follows, viz. THE king's letters patent of January, i716, being represented to the king in council, whereby his majesty permitted all the merchants of his kingdom, to carry on freely the commerce of negroes , gold dufl, and all other the merchandises trafficked in on the coast of Africa , from the river Searraleone, inclusively, to the Cape of Good Hope; and his majesty being informed, that in/leadof'the .advantages that were expeted from this general freedom allowed in that commerce , there rejulted three great inconveniences: viz. (I) the con court of numerous diferent traders , who came on this coafj, and their endeavours to haelen their cargoes to avoid the expense of demurrage, can/iig [ 12i ] calfng the natives of the cozlntry to faill te price of. French commodities so cxcefively, and Jb greatly enhancing the price of Negroes upon the French; and alio that of gold dufj, and all other the mercanzdizfes of the African coaji, that the whole trade became ruinozs and imzpracei cable to be carried on: : majesty has resolved. to accept of the offers of the East-india company , to send annually to the number of 3000 negroes at least, to the French islands in America, instead of the number of one thousand carried thither by letters patents in the year 1685; and his majesty is pleased to establish in favour of the said East-india company , an exclzfive right of trade to the said coast of Guinea, which will be easier for the said company , and more advantageous to the slate, than the said company can otherwise afford to do; and can thereby be enabled to make such eftabliflment, by which their ifips that they send to the coast, will always find car goes of slaves and merchandises ready for their return, and whereby they will not only b capable of supplying the French colonies in America, with negroes at a very reasonable price, that flhall be necefihry not only for the cultivation of their lands, but to carry thither a considerable quantity of gold and gold duff, and other sorts of merchandises fit for that traflic: his imajetly upon this occasion desiring to make his intentions public, and being in council, with advice of the duke of Orleans ordains, ci. Iis [ 122] I. His majeity revokes the liberty of a free trade granted by his letters patent of January, 1716, on the coast of Guinea, and grants and unites the trade to the East-india company for ever in negroes , gold, and other the merchandises, brought off the coast of Africa , from the river Searralyonne, inclusively, to the Cape of Good hope, c. 2. His majesty expressly forbids all his sub jeas to carry on trade and navigation to those countries under any pretence whatsoever, and under pain of confiscation of the vessel, arms, ammunition, and merchandises of the said East-india company . 3. We grant to the said East-india corn pany, the full propriety of all the lands, which they shall possess within the extent of the present grant, to make such establishments as they shall think proper; to erect forts for their security, and to transport thither arms, and cannon, and settle commandants and the number of officers and soldiers that they shall judge requisite to secure their commerce , as well against foreigners , as the natives of the country : to which end the said company is permitted to make such treaties with the negroe princes as they think necessary. 4. All prizes taken from those who fiall interfere with the company's exclusive trade , shall be judged according to his majesty's ordonnances and regulations for that intent. 5. The [ i23-] 5. The said company (hall be exempt from all duties of export on their merchandise exported to those places within the said grant, and for the French islands and colonies in America. 6. In relation to all merchandises that the said company fihall cause to be brought for their account from the countries within the said grant, they shall be free from one moiety of the duties belonging to his majesty, or to the farmers of the revenue; and all such farmers, and their commissioners, and all other are obliged to demand no more, on pain of restoring the same in a fourfold degree. his majesty commands that all sugars anl other species of merchandises that the said company shall bring from the French islands of America,. arising from the sale and barter of Negroes , shall be entitled to the same exemption, in proving by certificate of thefuperinten dant of the said islands, or one of their appointed commissioners, or the commissioner of the western domaine, that the said merchandises embarked from the. said islands, arising from the file and truck of negroes that have been discharged there in the company's venidls; which certificates stall mention the number of vessels, and the number of negroes which shall have been imported into the said islands, and remain in the office of his majesty's farmers, whose receivers lsall give the duplicate without expense to the captains of the said ships , c, 7. is 2[ 24 ] 7. His majesty in the like manner forbids all mayors, sheriffs, consuls, jurats, findids, and inhabitants of the cities, to exac from the said company any duties of odroy, of any kind whatsoever, upon the provisions and merchandises that they shall transport to their magazines, and seaports, to lade on board their vessels; his majesty exonerating the said company from the said imports notwithstanding all arrets, and ordonnances to the contrary. 8. He discharges the said company from the duty of