under penalty of being carried there again. 8. All who shall carry or send negro slaves into France, and shall not send them back, according as prescribed in the three foregoing articles, shall be obliged, besides the loss of their slaves , to pay for each slave not sent back, the sum of a thousand livres, into the hand of the commiffioner gbneral of the treasury of the marine at the colonies, to be employed in the public works; and the licence which they might otherwise have obtained, from the governor-general, and the commanding officers, shall not be granted until they have given security into the hands of the aforesaid treasurer of the marine, for the payment of'the said sum, which security shall be mentioned in the said licence. 9. All those who have negro slaves in France, of either sex, shall be obliged, in three months, reckoning from the day of the publishing these preents, 'to make a declaration of them to the board of admiralty nearest their habitation, and give security to send back, III a year from the date hereof, the said negroes into the said colonies: upon failure of which, or not giving the aforesaid VOL. II L fecu t 146 ] security, the said slaves (hall be confiscated, and employed in the colonies for our service. i o. The negro slaves who shall be brought to France shall not marry there, without consent of their masters, notwithstanding what is mentioned in the 7th article of our edict of Otober 1716. i i. Masters that shall have brought slaves of either sex, into France, hball not make them free, under any pretence whatsoever, only by will; and such freedom thus given, shall not be of force, unless the testator dies before the expiration of the time, in which slaves , brought into France, ought to be sent back to the colonies. 1 2. All slaves brought into France to learn trades , as aforesaid, their masters who are to instruct them therein, shall take care that they are brought up in the catholic religion. 13. Our edit of October, 17, 16 shall be in full force, where it does not derogate from these presents . Thus we give in command, to our friends and faithful counsellors, members of our court of parliament at Aix, ordering these regulations to be read, published, and registered, and their contents kept, observed and executed, according to their form and tenor, notwithstanding all edicts, ordinances, declarations, arrets, regulations, and usages to [ t47 ] to the contrary, wherein they differ fror this. This is our pleasure. An arret of the king's council of slate, which prohibits gum * from the river Senegal being exported out of the kingdom for one year, under pain of confiscation, and three hundred livres penalty, 2d November, i751. Extracted from the registers of the council of lfate. thn. king in council being informed, the great quantity of gum from Senegal, that was exported to foreign countries , would occasion a scarcity of the said drug in his own kingdom, which his majesty willing to prevent: the king' being in council, and hearing the report, hath ordered, and does, by there presents , order, that, reckoning from this present arret to the ift of November, 1752, no gum Senegal shall be exported out of the kingdom to foreigners , on pain of confiscation, and three hundred livres penalty. Therefore, his majesty commands and enjoins the intendants and commissaries, in the several provinces of his kingdom, to * This gum is an exceeding useful material in the silk manufacture of France; and, therefore, the French have cngroffed almost the whole gum trade of the coast of africa , and even prohibited the exportation of the gum Senegal, lelt they themselves flould have a fearcity, or rather other nations the benefit of the same in their manufacures. L 2 have [ 148] have due regard that this arret of council be ftrialy put in execution; which shall be read, published, and fixed up, wherever it shall be requisite, and that none may plead ignorance thereof. Done in the king's council of tate, his majesty there present , held with regard to the finances, at Fontainbleau, 2d November, 175i. So well calculated for the advance of the French trade of Africa , as well as of their sugar islands in America, do these measures appear, that the rapid increase of those trades in that kingdom is not at all to be admired; and especially so, since, from the treaty of Utrecht, they have had no competitors in those trades , who have been able to do them any injury. Such has been the finking and almost bankrupt state of our late African company , from this sera; and such the jarring interest between them and our separate traders , that France has taken the advantage of both; for they have some years since absolutely excluded our separate traders , as well as the company , from the whole trade of the Gum Coast; and, from the impotent condition of the company to support their dignity and authority, pursuant to their charter, in Africa , this nation has, by means of the great French company of the Indies , traded uninterruptedly under the nose of our British forts and settlements, while our traders have not [ '49 1 not been suffered to approach theirs with impunity. CAN we wonder, then, that the French should so well stock their sugar colonies with negro labourers, as to be able, not only amply to supply their own European dominions with sugars , which they formerly took from us and the Portuguese, but to engross so considerable a share of the sugar trade out of our hands in foreign markets? BEFORE the peace of Utrecht, the French had the Afiento for, supplying the Spanish West indies with negroes ; which proved the means of introducing immense quantities of the French manufactures into Spanish America; .and, therefore, as the Afliento trade was carried on by France, it was extremely beneficial to that kingdom. But, when