insufficient by prudent regulations. But, above all, does it not behove Great Britain seriously to think of making such so reign alliances, as will enable us to humble this eternal disturber of Europe once for all? For this I will presume to say may be done: and now or never seems the time! D I St [ 112 ] DISSERTATION XXI fhefyflem of the French with regard to their African trade ; wherein will appear, by what measures they have becomefofuccefsful therein, and they have had Jo greatly the advantage over us. H E African trade is estimable to the T French, as well as other European nations , who have a fhare in it, on account of the gold, the ivory, and the slave trade . Though the commerce of this country , as it has hitherto been carried on, affords but few articles, in comparison to that of others, yet it is valuable and important ; and the more so, in that it is so necefftry a trade to the Europeans, as they are at present circumstanced. For THIS commerce is not only profitable to the respective Europeans, in the direct way of trading from their several countries to the African coaif, but is so much the more so to those nations , which have coloonies and plantations to support by the dint of negro labour, for want of a competent number of whites, for the cultivation of sugars , tobacco's [ II ] baccoes, and all other plantation produc tions. How greatly beneficial this traffic has proved to the French nationin this refpedc, we may judge from the extraordinary increase of their sugar colonies. It is not above half a century since they did not employ above ioo fail of ships for the supply of their own kingdom for sugars ; but in the late war it was discovered, that they employed above six hundred sail. This is one of the great nurseries of trade and seamen, that has rendered the French no less formidable in America than Europe. BY what means these mighty things have come to pass, cannot be so effectually 'represented, as by the authentic ordonances and arrets; which shows the real spirit of their laws. we need trace these no farther back than the year 1716. THE king's letters patent for the liberty of trade upon the coast of Africa , published at Paris, January 1736. [The preamble runs thus, which I stall note with all brevity, for the sake of some useful observations.] I LEWIS, &c. to all, grecting. by letters patent of the late king, dated January 1685, there was citablifled a company by the name of the Guinea Company , to continue for the space of 20 years, excluding all VOL, II I others [ 14] others the trade of negroes , gold duff, and other merchandise trafficked in upon the coast of Africa , from the river Searraleone to the Cape of Good hope; and likewise granting to this company diverse privileges and immunities; and, among other grants, exempted them fi-om half the duties of all merchandizes, brought from all places within their district and isles of America upon their own account, although the time limited by there letters patents should - expired. the late king, c. thought good, on account of engagements this company had made, in order to supply the Spanish West indies with negroes by theaffiento contrat, to continue to them the same privileges and immunities, under the title of the Affiento treaty, until the month of November, I713. the merchants of our kingdom having represented how much it tended to the benefit of trade in general, and in particular to the improve mnent of the French islands in America, that the commerce of the Guinea coast flould be free and open to all his majesty's fubjets; the late king did not think it proper to form a new company , though there were many persons ready to offer themselves, and enter into such an association; and, as we are willing to encourage the freedom of commerce , and deal favourably with the merchants and traders , who shall undertake this traffic, and afford them everything necessary to render it more considerable than it has L 1s has been, and by that means to provide for our fubjets of the French isles in America a sufficient number of negroes , for improving the cultivation of their lands: for these and other reasons moving us hereunto, we have thought fit, by the advice, c. And have declared, resolved, and ordained, c. That ARTICLE I. WE have permitted, and dp permit, to all the merchants of our kingdom for the time to come, to have a free trade for negroes , gold duff, and all other merchandizes that may be brought from the coast of Africa , from the river Searralyonne to the Cape of Good hope, provided their hips are fitted out in the harbours of Rouen, Rochelle, Bordeaux, and Nantes. 2. The masters and captains who trade to the coast of Guinea, shall be obliged to declare at the secretary's of the admiralty office, established at the place of their departure, and give security at the receipt of cuffoms, to oblige them to return into one of the ports of Rouen, Rochelle, Bordeaux, and Nantes; except, nevertlelefs, those ships which shall go out from Rouen, Rochelle, and Bordeaux, should be drove, at their return, into Nantes, or St. Maid. 3. The merchants of those hips that mall transport to the French isles of America negroes bought upon the coast of Guinea, shall pay, upon the arrival of their ships in the I a ports [ i61 ports of Rouen, Rochelle, Bordeaux, 'and Nantes, into the hands of the treasurer general of the marine in being, the sum of 20 livres for every negro that shall be carried to the said islands, for which they hall give security to the secretary of the admiralty, on their being permitted to take their leave of our most dear and truly beloved uncle, Lewis Alexander of Bourbon, count