nine years of peace by the company into all the plantations when exclusive. It appeared in the year 1708, in time of war, that there were employed.in this trade above a hundred lips, capable of carrying 25, 000 Negroes a year into the plantations , belonging to the separate traders ; which demonfirated that the trade was above four times as much increased as when it was exclusive, though that was a time of peace; and that the export of the manufactures of coarse perpcts to that coast, had been increased from 4000 to 70, oco pieces a year. It mufl certainly be prudent in any trade , manufacture, or bufincrs, to render the first materials as cheap as possible. Negroes are the first and most necessary materials fur planting; from whence it follows, that all measures should be taken that may produce such a plenty of them, as may be an encouragement to the industrious planter. Experience, the surest guide we can follow in matters of trade , has demonrfrably taught us, that the African trade has not been carried on most to the national advantage by a company with a joint flock; but that when it became 'ree and open, it greatly increased, the plantations were better supplied with Negroes , and the advantages to the kingdom were infinitely greater. It is undoubtedly true, that when the company had the Cole trade almost to themselves, they did not supply the plantations with such a plenty of Negroes as was requi lite; and that, as they forced them to accept of such a sort as they thought fit to bring, so they put their own price upon the produc of the plantations . But if it is alleged, that the African company , when exclusive, at any time sold choice Negroes from r4 to i8 1. a head; it may be remembered, that as they set their own price on the produ& of the plantations , so sugar did not sell in anir of them for half the price it has done for many years pr, or since the trade to Africa was first laid open. It is to trade and commerce we are indebted for what !: nowlcdge e we have of foreign parts; and.it is observable, GUI that the more remote people dwell from the sea, the icel they are acquainted with affairs abroad. Africa is a large country , and doubtless the trade to it may be much enlarged to the advantage of Great Britain. Use and experience make us by degrees matters of everything; and though the first undertakers of a design may fall short of answering their private ends, yet they often lay open beaten paths, wherein pofierity may tread with success, though' the others miscarried. When all places are permitted freely to send ships , and to have the management of their own affairs, industry is encouraged, and people's heads are set at work how they may outdo each other, by getting first into a new place of trade . Betides, the more traders , the more buyers at home, and sellers abroad; by which means the Britifl/ plantations on the large continent of America may be better furnifl/ed with Negroes ; for want of which, the inhabitants there could never arrive to those improvements they have done on the islands, the company having given them little or no supply; choosing rather to send their Negroes to the latter, because they were able to make them better payments; but the free traders afterwards did it, to the great advantage of those plantations , and of the nation in general. As for the three other principal commodities brought in returns from Africa , gold, wax, and teeth, they are also highly advantageous to Great Britain: the first advances the national wealth, and is allowed to be a good barter; and the second serves for a foreign export , without any disadvantage to the home product; and the third is not only manufactured at home, but afterwards carried to the markets abroad. As neither Great Britain, nor any other European nations , are owners of any considerable spot of soil on the coast of Guinea; and such as have forts and castles thereon dare not stir beyond the reach of their guns; besides, as Great Britain is enabled by her manufactures and goods of all kinds, to trade the cheapest and most ad vantageoully to Africa , and has a superior strength to any nation to proteóc its trade on that coast; there is no reason to dread the insults of the French, nor to fear that they can beat the British fubjets out of this trade , while it remains open and free, without being impeded by an exclusive company . Since the as of parliament of the 23d of King georgeil. for extending and improving the trade to Africa , there are i35 merchants free of the new African company in London, 157 in Bristol, and Ioi in Liverpool, in all 393; which will occasion an increase of this trade ; for, in the year i752, there were 88 [hips font from Liverpool only, to the coast of Africa ; whole commanders and owners names, what part of the coast each ship went to, and what number of slaves they bought, are as follows. Slaves . Africa , - Hallifon, Benin, John Walsh and company - - 250 Antigua Merchant , Robert Thomas, Angola, James Gildart and co. -- 200 Annabella, William Harrison, Windward and Gold coast, W. Dobb and co. - 260 Anglesea, James Caruthers, Wind. and Gold coast, Tim. Farrar and co. - - 180 Alice Galley, Rich. Jackson, Wind. and Gold coast, Rob. Chelhyre and co. 350 Ann Galley, Nehemiah Holland, Callabar, William Whalley and co. - - 340 Adlington, Thomas Perkin, Wind. and Gold coast, J. Manefty and co. - 320 African, John Newton, Wind. and Gold coaf, J. Manefty and co. - 250 Allen, James Strangeways, Wind. and Gold coast, John Brooks and co. - - 250 Achilles, Thomas Patrick, Hen. Hardwar and co. 450 Barbados Merchant , John Wilson, Angola, G. Campbell and co.