beggar in the itreet. They appear very well satisfied with their condition in general; some he has heard have been offered to return to Africa but refused it; old negroes confider their situation as vastly preferable to the new, and go to the beach to see them imported : to prove the attachment of slaves to their masters, he relates that a number of foreign runaways had conic over, that a number of the negroes of Dominique, per h: ips tempted by thqt French, had lust their masters, and that olthrs, perhaps through discontent, had dei rtcdc altb, that thclf altogether inhabited the woods of Dominique, and were armed, and there com pnitrcd many adls of violence 3gainft tle inhabitants, lo [ 69 ] so as to deiermine the Legislature, after an ineffeetual trial of every lenient method, to endeavour to reduce them by force; saves from the different eitatcs were on this service, and through the whole courtle of it manifested the greatest zeal and desire to bring them back to their duty. vitniefjs examineii -- DAVID PARRY, Esq. David Parry, e(q. resided at Barbados near seven years as governor ot the island, anj left it Jtuly 6th, 1789. Malthrs behave to their laves wirl every possible kindnfls and arrcntion. Negroes fecm properly fed, clotlhld, aid lodged; had it not been ib, he would, as it was his business, have enforced the law to that end: not half so much labour required of them as their owners hl3d a right to demand; the common labour of a negro would be play to any e.nglfh peasant; never saw the least degree of despondency among them; has every reason to flippofe them perfectly farisfied, as no complaint ever reached his ear. Banishment is the severest puniflment to a negro at B .rbadoes; there is no corporal punishment they would not prefer; has known them even hesitate between banilmnent and death. In general he thinks their flare infinitely more comfortable than that of ihe labouring poor in England, or any other part of the world that he knows; he thinks it impossible that the West Indies could be cultivated by Europeans without such a destruction of the human race as would harrow up the feelings of the hardest breast, and would be (to the imaginary diftrclics of the [ 7° ] the negroes ) inhumanity in the extreme. He has not the fnialleft doubt that a supply of negroes from Africa is necessary to the cultivation of sugar estates, particularly if they mean to improve more landi; the abolition of the slave trade would, in his opinion, prove detrimental both to the colonies and the em, pire at large; it would raifc the produaions of that country beyond the power of the consumers here to purchase, and consequently Icllen the revenue in proportion as the consumption; is ditrinifhed, and would injure the individual in his property by cn. creasing his private expenses; it would occasion the immediate declension and final ruin of the sugar colonies, unless they were at liberty to seek for and carry their sugar and other produce to other markets, which would he bad policy. Pitnefs examined lord RODNEY. Lord Rodney went firfc to the West Indies int 176; - he resided first at Barbados, then Martinique, Antigua, St. Kitt's, and a small time at Guadaloupe, when those islands belonged to Great Britain; he was also at Jamaica three years and a half. Masters in the several islands seemed very attentive to their flavcs; it is their interest to be so; he never saw one instance of cruelty , but many of forbearance on an impertinent answer being given to the masters. Slaves seemed properly clothed for the climate in all the islands; in Jamaica seemed better fed than the common labouring people here; the other iflancls have not grounds to give them such food as Jamaica can can afford; they appeared also extremely well lodged for the climate, and their houses calculated for it; no more labour was required of them than they could properly beat; a hundred times he has noticed that he thought a labouring man in England did more work in one day than any thrce negroes ; lie has often noticed in the many plantations he has VI fired, that there is an hospital called the sick house, with negro women attending as nurses; there is scarce a plantation without a (urgeon; it is their interest to be attentive. The negroes appeared to him to be in a slate the reverse of desponding; after the day's work they were generally dancing and making merry; thinks it impofible to culivate West india plantations to any advantage by Europeans; believes the present flock in the islands could not be kept up without fresh importations , for he believes breeding is encouraged as much as possible, for one Creole is in value worth two new ones from Guinea. Confiders the ships in the French West india trade as the greatest source of their power; for the veft ln dia commerce enabled France last war to dispute with Great Britain the empire of the sea; their West Indiamen are generally much larger than the British, and appeared more than doubly manned; thinks the Britifl West india trade a confider.ljlc nursery for seamen, and the Weft'india fleet very advantageous in time of war in furnifling men for the service, who are seasoned to the West India climate; thinks it ex. trenely important to keep up a trade , which he con. fiders one of our principal branches of commerce ; witlhout the African trade the West Indies , he thinks, t 1 thinks, could fiot be fupporced; in 1787 the French paid 200 livres ahead premium for every slave imported into St. Domingo and St. Lucia, and one hundred for each imported into Martinique and Gauda loupe, besides a premium on fiips that traded from the p.irts of France to the coafi of Guinea, payable immediately on their sailing at so much per tonne; the abolition of