chancellor again ineffec. sought the answers of the judges tually opposed it, and defended; r fronm being fatisfaeory, as they his formel position, that the efta ad carefully avoided giving any blifhed praetice of the courts dif pinion on the main point of the countenanced its general principle. ill, and confined themselves fo!ely He moved an amendment to the collateral fubjets. Not a doubt, first clause, the object of which was, declared, remained in his mind that the judge should slate to the n the general principle of the jury the legal effect of the record. ill. that juries were and ought to His 'amendment was negatived. the only judiges of the question without a division. f a libel, that they were compe Anothermeafure, inwhiclhthetwo ent to decide on the intention as leaders of the lower'houfe accorded ell as of the publication. He in sentiment, but which they had mntended, that this opinion was supported without success in the riclly conformable to the general preceding feliion, was the abolition ent of all the chargeg that have.. of the slave trade . : en given by the ablelt judges Mr. Wilberforce opened, r many centuries palt; in proof the debate with his usual prll2 fwhich assertion he entered into order, and retracing his former ar long historical detail of authori gument, reprobated in the firongett, from the time of Bracon. language the injullice and inhu Earl Stanhope warmly supported inanity of the traffic. He dec fame fide of the question; Lord scribed the many cruel and unfair ormont spoke on the other fide, modes of obtaining slaves on th; * See them in the Appendix to the Chronicle, p. 69*. VOL. XXXIV [Z] Africaa African coar, the horrors which they endured in the middle passage , and their innumerable sufferings in the West indies . His motion was, ," that it is the opinion of this committee (a committee of the whole house), that the trade carried on by Britilh fubjeas, for the purpose .of obtaining slaves on the coast of Africa , ought to be abolished." The opponents of Mr. Wilberforce's motion, as on the former occasion, contended, that the numerous ads of cruelties , to which the slaves were said to be exposed, were founded, at least most of them, in misapprehension, and much exaggerated. They complained, that the feelings of the house had been unfairly biassed against the trade by the recital of enormities, many of which exitced only in idea. But the impolicy of the proposed abolition was principally urged on this fide of the question. It was remarked, either that the planters would be inevitably ruined by the measure, or that they would procure a supply of slaves by the medium of foreign nations . On the first supposition an attempt at abolition would be dangerous; on tie second it would be futile. It was as confidently argued on the other hand, that the ruin of the planters could not be the ineccefary consequence of the abolition , the population of the negroes being at qprefent so considerable, and so much on the increase, that no future supply would be wanted. In order to conciliate the contending parties, Mr. Dundas came forward with a proposal, that in Read of an immediate a gradual abolition should take place; and to sich an effea moved .n amendment on Mr. Wilberforce's motion. His plan was supported by the speaker, and opposed by Mr. Pitt and Mr. Fox. Mr. Jenkinfon, however, Rill fearing, that even a gradual abolition would be hazardous, unless some measure was adopted to increase the flock of Rlaves by holding forth encouragement to propagation, proposed, that premiums flould be granted to the proprietors or overseers of plantations , where the greatest number of children should be reared, and that a bounty of five pounds per head should be given for every woman, under twenty-five years of age, imported in any ship above the equal proportion of males and females in the cargo . A division took place on Mr. Jenkinfon's propositions, which were negatived by a majo rity of 147. Mr.dundas's amendment was then put and carried , 193 to 125. After tome little delay A the subject wv.s resumed April by Mr. Dundas, whbo wifled not to fix on too short a period for the abolition , that the planters might have time to try, by proper treatment, how far they might be able to increase the population of the negroes ; for if they were prevented from such a trial, their only alternative would be to procure frfeh iupplies of slaves from other nations , a traffic, which it might not be in our power to prevent or limit. lie read several resolutions to the following effect: '''That from May 1, i792, it Shall not be lawful for ships to be fitted out from any port of Great Britain, to be employed in the save trade , except such as were previously employed or contraced for. i792. : That from Otober o1, 1792, no ships Shall be fitted oqt from any port in our Wet India islands. That from May I, 1793, it shall not be lawful to export negroes to foreign islands or colonies. That from May X 1793, no greater proportion of males than females shall be imported . That from the said time it shall not be lawful to import males above twenty, nor females above sixteen years of age. That from October 10, 1797, duties be laid on every male negro , according to his stature, from five pounds to fifteen pounds. That from Ocober 1o, 1792, it shall not be lawful to import negroes from foreign islands. That it shall not be lawful to import any negroes whatever after January r, 18oo. That a committee be appointed to inquire into, and report, the lolnes sustained by merchants and others in consequence of there resolutions. That provision be made for in sising exemplary punishment on any person who shall be guilty of abuses on the coast of Africa . in the prosecution of the slave trade , while