islands. Is Parliament prepared to strike off at once, or highly to endanger, this great mass of the national capital? to forego the industry it sets in motion, the revenue it produces, the seamen it employs? "The motive mutl be strong indeed that can authorise such a breach of public faith to the planters, such a violation of the duty of Parliament to their country and their constituents. That motive is u humanity ; [ 46 ] humanity ; but the fanaticism of . humanity , like the fanaticism of religion, is deaf to reason and to truth, and often defrtic tive of the very virtue to which it pretends. Does our humanity never think of the consequence of the willed for abolition to the thousands of our own countrymen, whom it will reduce to distress and poverty? What crime have they committed, that their possessions should be laid waste, and their property confiscated? These persons, our national humanity , now awakened by a society of enthusiasts, after it had slept for 200 years amidit all the virtue and wisdom of our ancestors, these it overlooks, to indulge in the ideal profpea of distant objects on the continent of Africa . "But even to the natives of Africa our mistaken compafnion will not be humanity . We can only abolish this trade for ourselves, for no other nation will be so unwise as to abolish it. In France, wilder than the wildeit of us in abftraa notions, fond as he is of revolution, and in the very honeymoon of liberty , the proposal .of aholihing the slave trade was decidedly rejeted [ '47 3 rejeted by the National Assembly. Other nations therefore ill, as in every other cafe, command the market which we have relinquished. They will purcbate only what slaves they chute, and the remainder will be butchered by their owners, who, is well known, take this method of dif burdened themselves of the slaves they cannot fcl. It is not in Africa as in civi vilized countries , where the demand regulates the supply. The whole system of that great continent muss be changed, before we can apply to it our ideas of political institution or commercial arrangement. 'Tis a system of despotism and slavery throughout, where a few tyrants command the lives, and have a property in the persons, of the millions who inhabit it. The neighbouring nations go to war from a thousand different causes, as has always been the cafe in a barbarous country . The captives are either killed or sold into slavery . The encouragement which the trade in slaves gives to some of these wars, will fill remain from the traffic carried on by other European nations on the coast. The price indeed will fall, from our declining u 2 the [ 48 ] the purchase; we hall not only lose the trade ourselves, but throw it, with a double advaritage, into the hands of rival powers. "Many of the cruelties charged on the slave trade have, in truth, no relation to it, but arise from the depravity of individuals, which will everywhere be found to produce oppreion and cruelty , if an inquisition like the present will but search and hunt for it. If our Legislative humanity i to search after private abuses, there is scarce a trade or manufacture in this country where such abuses will not be found to exifr. In several of our manufactures the mortality of the children brought by their parents (the word sold might be uicd, for the prenlts bring them for the gain they are to make by their labour) is treble the amount of that on a west ladia plantation , or even of a well appointed and well managed flave fhip. "The mortality indeed, both of the seamen and of the negroes , in the middle pas fige has been greatly exaggerated. On board those in which a common degree of attention is paid to the health of the slaves , (to [ 49 ] (to which their value, independent of all feeling in the malters of the vcf is, naturally incites) that mortality was by no means great, even before the regulation aa of 787. The provisions of that ad will lel'en it still farther. Regulation the West india proprietors will gladly consent to and adopt. Show them any regulation that will tend to the health and comfort of their negroes , and their interest, if you will not allow them any better motive, will keep pace with your humanity ." 'But you will not allow them to know their own interest, or the best method of carrying on the business of their plantations . You adopt that system of legislative interference and reftrition on trade , which it is the greatest boast of modern plilofo phy to have exploded. You say that if tie save trade were abolified, they could keep up their flock more profitably by attending to the breeding up of their native slaves , than they now do by importation from Afiica. They know perfectly well the inconvenience and expense of the importation , and the superior value of Creoles. ut with all the attention which this [ i; o ] this expn rence can excite, they are not yet in a condition to keep up a ufficient stock for their plantations , without new purchases of negro ; s. The experiment has been tried in foie of the Dutch plantations , which, by an impolitic prohibition of foreign slave hips, were almost ruined. Most of our West india estates are under flocked even in their present situation; but are they to be prohibited from any extension of their plantations , any means of improvement of those waste lands, amounting in Jamaica alone to about a million of acres, now patented from Government, for which large quit rents are already paid, and large sums inverted? The calculations of the advocates for abolition , even allowing their data, which however are grossly erroneous, are made on the present extent of the plantations , and on the state of the flock in ordinary years; they make