a negro hath no soul, perhaps, too, there is no God. The African flave trade hath long been a distress to individuals; and now, if a judgement may be formed by the numerous petitions which have been presented to parliament , the general voice is for the TOTAL ABOLITION of it. There is no difficulty in determining the nature of this trade : it is confessedly unjust; and the danger to the state from the quantum of slavery in a plantation is not hard to guess. There is in Jamaica a tax or fine laid upon such as keep fewer than three white to one hundred black servants, and it is said there are in the island about thirty thousand, perhaps, more whites, and one hundred and seventy thousand negroes . Hence follows the necessity of severity. In Barbados the disproportion is less, if, as it is said, the whites be twenty-two thousand and the negroes only feventy two thousand. At St. Kitt's, the inhabitants are about forty thousand, of whom thirty thousand are blacks ; and at Nevis the whites are reputed about two or three thousand, and the negroes six thousand. Nor is there any difficulty in answering the argument taken from the supposed natural inferiority of the negroes . Perhaps this may not be true: and if it be, the clear cone 2 elusion[ [ ] cluiion is, that the wife ought to protect and not oppress the weak. It hath been affirmed, that the condition of the Africans on the slave coast is so wretched, that it is an ad of mercy to transport them to the European plantations . Do the negroes think so? And have the planters any Omiah to send back with this good news to their countrymen? The real difficulty lies in the immediate dependence of the plantations on the flave trade , for in those sultry climates the clearing of woods, the cultivation of sugar , rice, and tobacco, require labours which, the planters affirm, none but negroes can perform. For this purpose an annual cargo of Africans is necessary, and in the year 1771. forty fcven thousand, one hundred and forty six were exported , and of these the Liverpool merchants carried more than twenty-nine thousand. The direct produce of these, on a moderate computation, amounts to one million and a half sterling, and the indirec advantages which Britain derives from their labours in the plantations are beyond computation. Gradually to emancipate the present slaves and to convert them into a yeomanry, and to supply future labourers without violence, are two desirables of infinite consequence; but the difficulty of effecting there ends is far beyond the comprehension of those who have only private and partial information : however, it may be believed they are both within the reach of legislature, with ample indemnity to the planters, and without diminution to the slate; but by what means must be left, as it ought to be, to parliamentary wifdoln. Mean time several considerations encourage people to hope that this great evil will in due course be removed. The total abolition of proper and absolute slavery hath been effected in feudal states, as England and France, without any inconvenience, and with innumerable advantages. vwhy flould not the same effects proceed from the same cause in the plantations ? Would not free negroes properly treated propagate their species in the plantations as well as on the coast of Guinea? A growth of negroes would render importation unneceftary. The [ 37 ] The Spaniards have made trial of a gradual enfranchisement of their slaves , and no ill consequences have followed. At the Havannah the purchaser of a save is obliged by law to enter the name and the price of the slave in a public register, to allow him one day in every week to work for himself, beside Sundays. The earnings of this day, if he choose to work, are secured to him by law, and as soon as he is able to purchase another day the master is obliged to sell it to him at the price of one fifth of his original cost, and so likewise the remaining four days at the same rate as soon as the save is able to redeem them, after which he is absolutely free. Some gentlemen have made trials similar to this in the main in the British plantations with great success, and the Americans are daily experiencing the good effecfs of their efforts to the same purpose. What should hinder others from imitating examples good in themselves, and successful in the issue? Some of the best informed commercial writers in Europe affirm that the slave trade obftruds another trade better than itself: that Africa is the best situated for commerce of any other quarter of the world: that from Port sallee to the cape of Good Hope is an extent of about three thousand leagues of coast: that its rivers are of the first magnitude, as the Nile and Nubia on the north shore, which fall into the Mediterranean, the Niger which empties itself into the Atlantic on the west , the Congo, the Zairi, and the Loango, south of the line, which fall into the Ethiopick ocean on the west fide, beyond the gold coast, the Natal, the Prio St. Esprit, the Melinda, and the Mozambo, which empty themselves into the Indian ocean on the east fide of Africa : that the country is populous beyond credibility, and that if proper measures were pursued a greater quantity of European produce and manufactures might be exported thither than to any other country in the whole world: that there are. rich mines of gold and silver, and the finest copper in the world: that many parts, and particularly the banks of the rivers near the gold coast and the slave coast are capable of the best cultivation, a temperate, fertile, healthy and manageable soil; that cinnamon, tea, cos see, [ 38 ] see, spices, ginger, cotton, rice, pepper, fuffic and indigo have some of them thriven to admiration,