a murky cloud: The tritons found, the sirens sing, The dolphins dance, the billows ring,. And joy fills all rhe crowd.. Blessed CH W A P;., I' W it S IT,, B LV 0, K 1v,, ~ i§w. Blessed offspring of the warm embrace I Fond ruler of the crisped race! Though' strong thy bow, dear boy, Thy mingled hafts of black and white, Are winged with feathers of delight, Their points are tipped with joy. But, when her etcp had touched the firand, Wild rapture seized the ravished land, From every part they came: Each mountain, valley, plain, and grove Haste eagerly to show their love; - Right welcome was the dame. PORT royal shouts were heard aloud, Gay ST. IAGO sent a crowd, Grave KINGSTON not a few: No rabble rout, I heard it said, Some great ones joined the cavalcade The mule will not say who. Gay Goddess of the fable finile! Propitious still, this grateful isle With thy protection bless! Here six, secure, thy constant throne; Where all, adoring thee, do ONE, ONE Deity confess. For 33 For me, if I no longer own C H A P. Allegiance to the CYPRIAN throne, I I play no fickle part; It were ingratitude to flight Superior kindness; I delight To feel a grateful heart. Then, playful goddess! cease to change, Nor in new beauties vainly range; Though' whatfoe'er thy view, Try every form thou canst put on, I'll follow thee through' every one; So flaunch am I, so true. Do thou in gentle PHIBBA smile, In artful BENNEBA beguile, In wanton MIMBA pout; In sprightly CUBA's eyes look gay, Or grave in sober QUASHEBA, I still fiall find thee out. Thus have I sung; perhaps too gay Such fubjeat for such time of day, And fitter far for youth: Should then the song too wanton teem, You know who chose th' unlucky theme, Dear BRYAN, tell the truth. CHAP. W EST IF VOL. Il. CHAP. II Of Negroes in a Jlate of Slavery . preliminary Observations. Origin of the Slave T'rade. portuguefe Settlements on the African Coafi. negroes introduced into Hispaniola in i502, and the Slave Trade revived at the infiance of Barth. de las Casas in 1517. hawkins Voyages to the coai, in 1562 and i563. -- African Company efiab/li/ed by yames I. second charter in 1631 by Charles 1. third charter in 662.- Fourth charter in 1672. e.feci of the Petition and Declaration of Right in i688. Aids of the 9th and oth of William and Mary, C 26. new regulations in 1750. defiription of the African coaji. forts and Faclories. exports from Great Britain. number of Negroes transported annually to the Bri tijz Colonies. state of the Tradefrom i77i to 1787.-num- her of Negroes at this time exported annually by the dsierent Nations of Europe. BOOK IV a .- HE progress of my work has now brought me to the contemplation of human nature in its most debased and abjec state; to the prospect of 450, 000 reasonable beings (in the Englifil Islands only) in a state of barbarity and slavery ; of whom i will not say the major part, but great numbers assuredly, have been torn fi-om their native country and dearest connedcions, by means which no good mind can reflca upon but with sentiments of disgust, commiseration, and sorrow!! « I amt 35 I AM not unapprized of the danger I incur at this juncture (a) in treating the subject of African Slavery , and the Slave Trade . By endeavouring to remove those wild and ill-founded notions which have been long encouraged by misinformed writers in Great Britain, to the prejudice of the inhabitants of the British Sugar islands, I am conscious that I shall be exposed to all that a" bitterness and wrath, and anger and clamour, and evil speaking and malice," with which it has long been popular to load the unfortunate slaveholder: yet nothing is more certain than that the Slave Trade may be very wicked, and the planters in general very innocent. Much the greatest part of the present inhabitants of the British West Indies came into pof section of their plantations by inheritance or accident. Many persons there are, in Great Britain itself, who, amidst the continual fluctuation of human affairs, and the changes incident to property, find themselves possessed of estates in the West Indies which they have never seen, and invested with powers over their fellow creatures there, which, however extensively odious, they have never abused: fomn of there gentlemen, unacquainted with local circumstances, and misled by the popular outcry, have humanely given orders to emancipate all their slaves , at whatever expense; but are convinced that their benevolent purposes cannot be carried into effect confitlently even with the happiness of the Negroes themfelves. the Reverend Society established in Great Britain for propagating the Gospel in foreign parts, are themselves under this very prcdica (a) Alluding to the petitions depending in parliament ( rI79) for an abolit ; ', : i of the Slave Trade . C HAP. II t __ J F 2 mcnt. BOOK IV ment. That venerable society hold a plantation in Barbados under a devise of Colonel Codrington; and they have found themselves not only under the disagreeable necessity of supporting the system of slavery which was bequeathed to them with the land; but are induced alib, from the purest and best motives, to purchase a certain number of Negroes annually, in order to divide the work, and keep up the flock. They well know that moderate labour, unaccompanied with that wretched anxiety to which the poorof England are subjet, in making provision for the day that is passing over them, is a fate of comparative felicity X and they know alit, that men in savage life have no incentive to emulation: persuasion is lost on such men, and compulsion, to a certain degree, is humanity and charity. THE quefifon then, and the only question wherein the character of the planters is concerned, is this: Making