but of the Samboes none at all " for they fled into the maine." The writer then proceeds to give an account of the manners and customs of these people; and relates, among other particulars, that slavery is the eftab lilied punishment for theft. " If a man (fays he) fieals but a Portugal cloth from another, he is sold to the Portugals for a have." He relates further, that the Samboes, in a time of scarcity, devoured their captives, for want of better food. THE G 2 BOOK IV THE rest of Hawkins's adventures are nothing to my present purpose. What has been quoted, is sufficient to demonitrate that a regular traffic had been established, so early as the year 1564, both by the Portuguese and the French, with some nations of Africa , for the purchase of Slaves ; that this intercourse was founded on mutual contrat, and tended to civilise the Natives on the Coast; some nations of whom were possessed of Slaves , which they kept for the purposes of agriculture; and occasionally killed for food; a horrid pracice, that, I believe, no longer exiits in this part of Africa . In regard to Hawkins himself, he was, I admit, a murderer and a robber. His avowed purpose in failing to Guiney, was to seize by stratagem or force, and carry away, the urfufpeaing Natives, in the view of selling them as Slaves to the people of Hispaniola. In this pursuit, his object was present profit, and his employment and paftire devastation and murder. He made a third voyage to Africa in 568, for the same purpose, with a squadron of six ships , which the reader will not be sorry to find terminated most miserably; and put a stop, for some years, to any more piratical expeditions of the English to the Coast of Africa . THE first notice which I find in history of an actual attempt by the British nation to establish a regular trade on the African Coast, is in the year 16i8, when king James I. granted an exclusive charter to Sir Robert Rich, and some other merchants of London, for railing a joint flock for a trade to Guincy: ahip3 were accordingly fitted out; but the profits not being found to answer expectation, the proprietors ibon afterwards with 1 drew 44 OF TRE 4s drew their contributions; and the charter was suffered to C H A P. expire (fj. II IN 1631, king Charles I. erected by charter a second company for a trade to Africa ; granting to Sir Richard Young, Sir Kenelm Digby, and sundry merchants , to enjoy the sole trade to the Coast of Guiney, between Cape Blanco and the Cape of Good Hope, together with the isles adjacent, for 31 years to come. As the English had by this time began the fettlemnent of plantations in the West Indies , Negroes were in such demand, as to induce the new company , at a great expense, to erect forts and warehouses on the Coast, for the protection of their commerce ; but so many private adventurers and interlopers of all nations , broke in upon them, as in effect to force the trade open, and so it continued until after the restoration of Charles II IN the year 1662, a third exclusive African company was incorporated, consisting of many persons of high rank and distinction; at the head of whom was the king's brother, the duke. of York. This company undertook to supply our West Indian plantations with 3000 Negroes annually; but in 1664, the king intending to make war on the Dutch, secretly font Sir Robert Holmes to the Coast, with orders to seize the Dutch forts near Cape Verde; in which service Holmes succeeded,. (f) Queen Elizabeth is said to have granted a patent in the 3cth year of her reign, for carrying on an exclusive trade fi-om the river Senegal to a hundred lreaues beyond Sierra Leone; but I do not find that any voyage was ever made in consequence of it. and W E S T BOOK IV vi and built at the same time a new fort at the mouth of the River Gambia, called James Fort , which we still hold. Thence sailing southward, he mastered all the Dutch facories on the Guiney Coast, except St. George D'elmina and Acheen; all of which however were retaken in i665, by De Ruyter, the Dutch admiral; together with the Sort of Koromantyn, belonging to the English company , which (if I mistake not) the Dutch hold at this day, by the name of Fort Amsterdam. IN 1672 (the third company having in this year surrendered their charter to the crown) the fourth and last exclusive company was established. It was dignified by the title of the Royal African Company , and had, among its subscribers, the King, the duke of York, and many other persons of high rank and quality; and the whole capital of f. I 1, 000 was raised in nine months. Out of this subscription, the late company was allowed £. 34, 000 for their three sorts of Cape Coast Castle, Sierra Leone, and James Fort . The new company soon improved their trade , and increased the number of their forts ; and, as all former companies were obliged to send to Holland to make up an assortment for the cargoes of their (hips, they now introduced into England the making of sundry kinds of woollen goods, and other manufactures not before known; and they imported from the Coast great quantities of gold, out of which, in 1673, 5o, ooo guineas (so named f: om the country ) were coined. They also imported redwood for dyers, ivory, wax, and some other valuable commodities; and they exported to the value of £. 70, 000 annually in English goods. 46 OF THE 47 BUT the revolution in i688 changed the fiene; for by the i ft of William and Mary, as the Petition and Declaration of Right is commonly called, the African and all other exclusive companies not