by the gradual Operations of acquired Freedom , and by a Modification of the Trade to Africa under the feverelt Reftritions, the most Cautious alfure themselves of a final Completion of their Wishes; and the moult eager are led to temper their Impatience with a satisfaaion that anticipates the Effec of these habitual Exertions in the Cause of Humanity . the main Force of the Gentleman's Argument rests on a Principle of Equity, he lays down at the Beginning of his Work that where an Individualis divested of his Interest for the Benefit of the Community at at large, he fnall be indemnified out of the public Treasury, to the full Extent of his Injury. efti mating therefore the whole Compensation due to the Planters, who, he fuppoles must be ruined in Consequence of a total Annihilation of Slavery , ( 25) Slavery , or Abolition of the Trade , at 60 Millions, he claims an Indemnity from the annual Enfranchisement of any Number of Slaves proportionable to the Diminution of Produt the Estate muff susser from the loss of Labour For, to use his own Words, " As there are very few, 'if any Plantations , which pojsefs more Negroes than are absolutely necessary to work them; the depriving a Planter of any Numherof his Slaves , is so far to impair his Power of Cultivation, and of Course proportionally to lef&n the Pro dulu of his Eftate.* on a Supposition therefore of one in one hundred to be freed annually, an additional Burden of 6oo, oool. muff annually be laid on the Country , to recompense the Planters for their Loss. BESIDES too the Advantages resulting from the Accomplishment of this partial Freedom would not in the Author's Opinion correspond to the Expeaations of Humanity , it being more than probable j that the Rigours of Slavery would even be aggravated to those who fiil remain * V D. abovementioned Considerations on the Emancipation of Negroes , and on the Abolition of the Slave Trade , by a West India Planter, P. 6. t P. 7. ( 26) remain subjeu to it. For the ordinary conjequence of working an Estate with an inadequate Strength of Negroes , has even been the requiring an Excess of Labour from such Slaves as they have In answer to these insurmountable Diffculties, and to relieve the Country from this enormous Tax on its Humanity , I must beg Leave to borrow some of the impassioned Invectives the Author has himself * lent to the Voice of compafiton is then Nothing to be done for this degraded Part of the Species? Must the Wefi India Planters be Jill permitted to exercise their lawless Tyramny over subje]ts endowed like themselves not only with bodily Feeling, but with mental Reftleion if these are idle Declamations, it is a Disgrace to the feeling Heart that they are fo is a Sense of Freedom so detrimental to the Cause of Industry, that we cannot impart the Onewithout destroying the Other Are our Reasonings to be drawn from the Lalh and the Whip? and the Qualities of the human Mind to be extended no farther than the degraded Condition of it ?Terms of Civilization are only relative, and what were our own Ancestors when the Mistress of the World added our barbarous i/land to the Rest of * Page 28. ( 27) of her conquers ?Yet from Want of Arts do we determine a Want of Capacity? And where our own Features'do not appear, apprehend that there is Nothing which deserves to be known in the prefeht Situation of the Negroes , the End of Slavery might be the Beginning of Vengeance; unable to comprehend, or to feel the Blessings of Liberty , they would not confider themselves as Parts of a Community where they had been so much injured, but dispute perhaps the Poleffion of a Country , where the Dominion of their Lords and Masters was no more -- But make them Objets of Care as well as of Dependance, give a Charm to Industry from the expe&ation of Reward, and a Novelty to Labour by uniting their Interest with the Performance of it, and who shall separate the immediate Affections of the Heart, from a growing Sensibility to the Welfare of those who inspired them. Arguments drawn from their present Genius and Temper, can have no Effet upon the Mind that feels the progreflfve Exertion of its own Powers; or that has traced the gradual Advance of the human Intelle& from a rude and barbarous State, to a State of Culture and Im provement indolence and Stubbornness of D Disposition ( 28) Disposition are the natural Effeas of Force and Coercion, and I doubt whether an European in Chains at Algiers, would feel any other Incitement to work, than what arose from the Terrors of Punishment. But if Negroes cease to be objests of private Coercion and Protegtion they will be amenable only to the Laws of their Country , and must be adjudged by those Laws the Gibbet must therefore be sub ftituted for the Whip, and the Negroes have so much Want of mental Exertion, that they encounter Death at the Gallows, with the same tlupid Insensibility and Indifference as they would do a Jim. pie Flagellation.' WHERE there is no Sense of Shame, there can be no Sense of Feeling beyond the A cuteness of immediate Pain the Mode of Punishment must be equally indifferent, and without the Influence of Religion, the Gibbet in many Cafes, the most eligible of the two The Law, or the Master may punish the Negro , but cannot disgrace him, and it is only from the Contempt of his Feilow afibciates; from the comparative Worth and Happiness of their * Page. 9. ( 29) their Situation, that he will learn Contrition for his Fault, or. show a Desire of Amendment. But a Slave restored to Freedom would never let himself out to hire, andfubmit to the regular Labours f a Sugar Estate for Mone* -- Experience loudly contradicts this Assertion, though through the Extent