the cafe appears so clear to me, that I think common finfe alone is able to decide on every part of it. QUESTION the ilf. Can Jamaica, and the rest of the sugar islands, be effeaually cultivated and maintained, without an annual importation of Slaves from Africa r QUESTION the 2d. Can any method be devised to make the Slaves free? And what is the inoft eligible method? QUESTION the 3d. If the slave trade is abolished, and that the importation of slaves is prohibited in our ftigar colonies, what will be the conlequerce? QUESTION the 4th. How may the laws be amended, for the preservation, protecion, and civilization of the negroes ? QUESTION the 5th. Would not the abolition of the Slave Trade on the part of Great Britain, encourage the finuggling of Slaves into our sugar islands, by means of French and American ships ?? tle 6th. Would not the propagation of the Gospel, and the enforcing church diji pline in the sugar colonies, be of infinite service, in a political, as well as in a religious light? My thoughts in these pages, are all native, genuine and disinterested; they originate fi-om my knowledge of trade , and of the religious, civil, and commerical interests of this kingdom. I thought it best not to ransack the various publications on the fbijee, until I had arranged my own natural sentiments tlureon. lcfidces, I was unwiilling to lous time in publiflhing them, on a J iibject fu of fuc magnitude ad importace epe fibje& of fuich magnitude and importance g especially when I found it precipitating into parliament , and considered, it was a matter, on which the very existence of the sugar colonies, and a principal branch of England's commerce depends. The candid reader, I doubt not, will excuse all mifakes and mifconftru&ions I may have fallen into, for want of information, and for want of perusing what learned men have lately published on the fubljecd: not that I think any deep learning or fophillry are requiite in this bulinefs. Christian principles, and commercial knowledge, appear to mle to be the principal ground work for argumnent and decision. The report of the Committee of the Society, intituted for the purpose of efe'i'g11 the abolition of the Slave Traode, alarmed me much, for 1 had hardly read a line of colfequence on the subje&t before. However, this paper, instead of inclining ine to the fide of the question which it espouses, had a quite contrary cffe&. My thoughts were roused, and I immediately fct them to work. Had 1 perued all the efllvs on the abolition of the Slave Trade , I believe I hardly should have grouncld mnanyl new alrguments on them; because 1 firongly iuljiet, tlhe autlors do not make religion, anid the conversion of the negroes to Christianity, the julre grould work of their building; Ancd probabiy, ni ainy of the writers on the subject, arc filperficial men, unacqtliaited with trade alnd tavigation. I judge, moreover, from the advertitemenrls, that tile generality of them argue on one fide of the qclpeflion only. Tlhe fair way is to stare both fidcs, V hen we shall find to a dcilnjiflratioi:, thlat thi Slave Trade , is in the hame[ [ ] same predicament as our established church. It stands in need of a reformation, not an abolition . I wish that these violent exclaimers against the Slave Trade , would propose some salutary and es. fe&ual plan, for the preservation and cultivation of our West India Colonies, without slaves . Will these red hot advocates, for the impra, 7icable emancipation of the negroes ; will they enter into an annual and perman: : nt subscription to supply the ]British West Indies with free negroes , at moderate wages, sufficient for its cuitivation, and the other purpotes of its commerce ? But even if they do this, they cannot nboli/j the Slave Trade ; for they will be under the necessity of purchasing the Slaves in their own country , in order to make them free, under a British government in Jamaica, and the other sugar islands. A black merchant , or a black prince, will not give his slaves to an Englilhman; therefire they must be purchased with goods, most of which are of the manufacture of England. The vast annual importation of slaves into our sugar colonies, proves to a demoifration, that the number born there, are not nearly sufficient to keep up the stock , for the purposes of agriculture, and for making the Ifgar and rum; and for various other matters, necefllary for the support of our remnant col., cs. So that unless the annual importation goes on, as ufital, the said colonies miuft rapids, de: lire, finkl, and come to nothing; and England will not poitifs an acre of land in the Well Indies . Can the advocates for the alolition of the Slave Trade suppose, that the Bi: 'till sugar planters, m'irchllats and others in the \vell Indies , would C tamely [ 10 ] tamely submit to a loss of their estates, and to the bcggary of themselves, their wive:; and children, merely to gratify the firenzv and wlanton imaginitions, of a set of slaves in England, who wouild be thef, 'f to exclain againfit the high price of sugar , rum, cotton, mahogany, cc. No no, the colonists, sooner than fulbmit to filch iulnmn. lianzvcer, would thlow th temf lies into the : .rms of f ce, or any orhcr powerful protetor; in i; lke nmanner as thte tii rcecn 13ritifh Colonies did. ]'n2gland tlicn, vwould have lost the ifcond game of the rubbers, and the game would be all over indeed. self preserrvation is the firfr law of Nature. Miniitcrs of fate, and all in authority under tlhem, ftri t2ly and inviolably observe this law. Britons nmay hend their gnlled necks to the yoke of taxation, but it is hard to ilubmit to rags and famine. One Miniler, a few years ago, lost 3 4ths of 01.1r Amecrican empire, after expending loo mil ]ions of lmoney, in mock an a/liirnts;