in the preceding papers, be obvious to every onre, who has attended to the matter. BUT beforelopen myself explicitly upon thisoccafion, I crave leave to premise the following particulars, viz. I. That while no means can be found to supply our colonies with white people sufficient to perform the laborious business requisite in our fugar co ionics; or, if experience should prove that whites, like blacks , cannot sustain the heat, and fatigue neceifary; or, if we cannot carry on our sugar plantations to such advantage, by the means of whites, as our rivals in this trade , may do by blacks ; we cannot think of giving up the flave trade , not with ftanding.my good wishes that it could be done. 2. That what I am about to suggest is not intended to interfere with such a share and degree of the African flave trade , and the connexions this gives with the West indiatrade, as our British separate traders , at present , enjoy, though it grows worse and worse upon their hands; and will at length, perhaps, become quite impracticable to be carried on at all in the manner it is, by reason of the greater and greater. dearness E r56 ] dearnefi of slaves upon the coast;. unless this trade shall be established upon a better foundation than it at present is, 3. From what has been said, it appears, that the French African trade , and all the advantages they have thereby received in regard to their sugar , and other American colonies, have been owing to this trade being effectually protected, supported, and en, larged by their great Eaft india company ; and it al, so appears, from: the French royal edits, that this nation apprehended, their African commerce could not be duly supported for the benefit of their colonies,. by the means of a free and open trade ; and, therefore, they assert that they were under the necessity of granting the same to a company with ex, elusive privileges. thefe things premised, I shall now desire permission to observe what I would submit to public consideration, for the better security and advancement of this traffic; which is as fob lows; viz. 1. That though I would not adopt the measures of France wholly, in regard to the regulation of this trade ; yet neither can I judge it eligible inviolablyto adhere wholly to the present measures that we have taken for this purpose. 2. That, therefore, I would propose to adopt both; I mean that of a great and a powerful company , with exclusive privileges and immunities to propagate and establish the inland commerce only of Africa to the utmost: and I would propose also, that the whole slave trade , and the connetion that it has with our West , India commerce , may be left, as it at present is, solely to our British separate traders . 3. That every branch of the trade to Africa , ex. cepting that which is commonly called the flave trade , shall be given to the Eaft india company by a, of parliament , with an exclusive privilege for -- years, with liberty to erect such inland forts and sac tories, as they think proper, and shall be invested with [ 57] with sich other immunities, as to the wisdom of the legislature stall seem meet. 4- That the forts and castles in Africa , and everything thereunto appertaining be vested in the East India company , and the iooool. per Annum, which is now allowed by parliament to the present African company , shall be granted to the said Eaft india company , in order the better to enable them to support and maintain these forts and castles already erected in Africa . 5. That certain parts and proportions of these several sorts, which are already erected shall be allotted by the said at of . parliament , to the sole and uninterrupted use of the separate British African traders , the better to enable them to carry on their slave trade . 6. That in the carrying on the said flave trade , the separate British traders shall have full and unrestrained liberty to traffic with the negroes for slaves in the same manner they, at present do; and shall not.on any account, be debarred and molested by the said company , in trading with the negroes for such gold dust, or gold, or ivory, cas they at present do; but that this dealing shall be limited and restrained to a certain degree, according to the number of slaves , which these traders shall purchase on the coast: and that the company shall on no account interfere in the flave trade with the separate traders . 7. That in order to render the trade the more beneficial to the separate traders , as well as the country , an agreement shall be fettled between the company , and the separate traders ; which agreement Shall be regulated by the as of parliament , aforesaid, that the separate traders shall not give more than things of such a certain value for the goods they shall deal in betides slaves ; and that the company shall be restrained to the same value in their barters; whereby the price of these commodities may not be enhanced [. 58 ] enhanced by rivalihip in trade between the company and the separate traders . 8. That the company shall always be obliged to protec the said private traders in their traffic, as much as they shall their own agents; and shall prevent all foreign interlopers attempting to trade anywhere on the coast of Africa , within the limits of the charter of the late royal African company . 9. That every other branch of the inland African trade shall be solely under the control, direcion and management of the Eaft india company ; and the separate traders shall not interfere therein, further than they have been wont to do, in regard to the usual custom of carrying on the trade .. lo. That the Eaft india company , when.poffeffed, by a of parliament , of the additional powers and privileges, shall be diftinguilhed by the' name and title of the