they spring out upon their prey, and secure it. But the natives are not the only people concerned in there iniquitous practises. The British traders have enticed the natives to the shore for the purposes of trade ; they have tempted them there with biscuits, with brandy, and other spirits; and, having made them intoxicated, they have forced them on board, and sailed off with them to the Colonies. There are the various methods by which slaves have been usually obtained; and so successful have there pracices been, that many millions of people, since the introduction of the trade , have been actually put on board European hips, and consigned to flaverv. Many of the slaves , acquired by there methods, have been brought zoo miles from the inland country , and have been obliged to pass through inhospitable woods and deserts, where thousands of them have died through fatigue and thirst. The annual exportation from Africa , confiftsof about one hundred thou/and people. Of these, more than 2o, ooodieon their voyage , from close confinement and other causes, and at least that number in the seasoning; so that if to these we add the number that die in the different wars, and those that perish in the long and fatiguing march before described, it will appear that about an hundred tbou/and are annually murdered, even before the planter can lay he has any additional flock for his plantation . R r 2 Of those that urvive the voyag and seasoning, it may be said, that .beii fubjeaed in many instances to obe cruel and despotic treatment, tbce pein. in a few years; and fcarly a vefige is tb be found, that an hundredth part of thi immense body of people, annually enslaved upon the coast, had ever been in ex lnence. ON THE IMPOLICY or THE nseao TRADE , I. Africa has two fortsof commodities to offer, viz. the pradus7ion of its feoi and negro jlaves. As it is impofible that we can trade successfully in both of them at the same tim (one of them having hitherto proved anin superable impediment to the other) e question is, in which of the two it b most politic to deal. The one is replete with misery Vdi defiruaion to the human race, apd is beneficial but to a few individuals; whereas the other, conffting of cbttoa indigo, tobacco, rice, coffee, pices drugs, mahogany, dying woods, wax, aiilergrw, honey, ivory, gold, c. would bec Of national advantage, as it would ain! repay us for the loss of America, break the monopoly of the Dutch, ' be tie cheapest market for raw materials ftroti manufac&urers, open a new aridextenfiyc market for our manufacures imtprov eie revenue, and be attended with other tib lic benefits. : II The negro trade , as has been oh.. before, is profitable but to a L it is ruinous to some, and it is hazardous at the best: none of which circuilt stances would be peculiar to the other trade . III The negro trade is bald in oe point of view, both for the merchantand manufa&urer. The former receives his slaves bills at eighteen, twenty ftw, and sometimes thirty six months ftt sight. The credit, which the ltte'is obliged to give, is eighteen mnths. Whereas the merchant and maihfltuisr in the trade alluded to, woul *tcie their returns twice, if not three' sims, within the year. IV The negro trade deftroyr, 'from the very nature of it, near zooo seamern annually. The los of these is 'of: the utmost importance to a peopkc, whose welfarey, nay, whole existence ih the present political situation of Euro, as, a commercial nation , depends pon their naval strength and importance . This los can never be compefated'by any emoluments, which individuals may obtain in the trade . Whereas the tade alluded to, even if the famenhips andmen were employed, would not difipate them as at present , but become a nrjfnr instead of being a grave. 1787. 0,. ; 308 MAGAZINE V The negro trade , i. e. a branch of it, by enabling the French to clear and cultivate new land in St. Domingo (which they are enabled to do to the extent of their wiles, without our assit ance) is replete with the mor pernicious consequences to the British nation . This island, if fully cultivated, can produce more sugar than all our islands together. Every lot of slaves , which we import there, enables them to clear an additional acre. Every acre To gained supplies additional produce. 'his produce employs additional ships to old France. Nor does the evil stop here. A new fleet of lhips is raised for them in exporting this produceto othercountries. Now, if we confider that French hips carry double the number of men that ours of the same burden do, we hall find that we are enabling ourenemies, by this branch of the trade , todifpute with us the sovereignty of the seas. ON THE PROBABLE CONSEQUENCES OF ITS ABOLITION . In two ilands only in the West Indies , ftvm plantations have wanted no supplies for some years. But it mutl be observed, that on these plantations the northeast .roes were treated with humanity , and population was encouraged. Indeed onlone. of them, where the treatment .was uperior to that of the rest, the numbers increased so much, that the planta tiort was overstocked.. Frm these instances it will appear, that if a planter treats his slaves well, and encourage population, they mu/l in creatle. But that, if the same plantation fall into the hands of an avaricious and unfeeling man, it must go back in a few years, and require supplies. Now, that if the save trade is abolished, the planters will be obliged to treat their Haves with humanity , and encourage population i and, of course, the islands can never be in want of cultivators. There are various causes of the diminution of saves in the colonies; all there caures will be removed if the lave trade is aboli&hed. One of them is' this: When a save Ship arrives