humanity France concurred with him in assisting us to perform the voyage . How providentially I was led to make observations on a fubjeet (I mean the abolition of the slave trade ) which could only have been undertaken by a nation of such a characer and power as that which I have now the honour to address! In exposing to the world the atrocious acts committed in that part of the globe to which I have been eyewitness, it is not improbable, that both the nations and individuals who have countenanced them, may confider the writer in the light of a spy, and a divulger of those things which ought, in honour, to have been buried in silence. But if they can find no other appellation for the just and pure intentions of a friend to mankind, who dares to expose crimes and cruelties ties which the abusers of human right are guilty of, he then accounts it an honour in discharging the duty he owes to society, to be esteemed as such. But let it be well observed, that herein he speaks from a respect due only to truth, with a view to expose Wickedness and Falsehood, but not Nations or Individuals. CONTENTS. CONTENTS. S E C T. I. On the Mode of procuring Slaves . Chap. I. WAR - - - Page i Chap. II PILLAGE - 7 Chap. III Of ROBBERY - - 17 Chap. IV TREACHERY or STRATAGEM 22 S E C T. II Of the Manner in 'which the Negroes are treated by the Europeans. Chap. I. Negroes considered as TRADERS 26 Chap. II Negroes considered as SLAVES 28 S E C T. III Wlhether the Negroes are naturally inclined to Industry. Chap. I. In FOREIGN COUNTRIES 3i Chap. II In THEIR OWN COUNTRY 31 SECT. IV S E C T. IV Description of the Coaf7. Chap. I. CLIMATE - Page 36 Chap. II Of the SOIL - - - 39 Chap. III The PRODUCTIONS 4 40 Animal - - - 40 Vegetable - 42 Mineral 45 S E C T. V Of the Impediments which willoppofe the European Settlements on the Coast of Guinea. Chap. I. FALSE OPINIONS - - 46 Chap. II Of the DISEASES - - 50 Chap. III Of MUSKETOES - - 51 Chap. IV Of THORNS and THISTLES 52 S E C T. VI REFLECTIONS 53 E R R A T U M. Page 13, Line i6, for lum, read Salum. ~.? i.. _..... OBSERVATIONS ON THE SLAVE TRADE , cs E C T. I. On the Mode of procuring Slaves . C H A P. I. WAR. A M O NG the various sources, from whence the Europeans are supplied with slaves on the coast of Africa , I shall first reckon that of Wrar. The Wars which the inhabitants of the interior parts of the country , beyond Senegal, Gambia, and Sierra Leona, carry on with each A other, ( 2) other, are chiefly of a predatory nature, and owe their origin to the yearly number of slaves , which the Mandingoes, or the inland traders suppose will be wanted by the veftels that will arrive on their coast. Indeed these predatory incursions depend so much on the demand for slaves , that if in any one year there be a greater concourse of European ships than usual, it is observed that a much greater number of captives from the interior parts of the country is brought to market the next. The unhappy captives, many of whom are people of distinction, such as princes, priests, and persons high in office, are conduced by the Mandingoes in droves of twenty, thirty, or forty, chained together, either to Fort St. Joseph on the river Senegal, or Niger, in the country of Gallam, or to places near the river Gambia. But when the trade with the French on the river Senegal happens to be flopped, (which was the cafe in 1787) they bring all their captives to the mouth of the Gambia, Sierra Leona, and other places down the coast. These Mandingoes perform the whole (3) whole journey, except at certain seasons of the year, when they are met by the traders belonging to the coast, who receive the slaves from them, and give them the usual articles of merchandise in exchange. What I have hitherto said, was taken from the best accounts I could collect both from the black and white traders , during my residence upon the coast. It is proper, however, that I should state something on this head, that has come within my own knowledge. The Moors, who inhabit the countries on the north of the River Senegal, are particularly infamous for there predatory Wars. They cross the river, and attacking the negroes , bring many of them off. There are not a few who subsist by means of these unprovoked excursions. The French, \ to encourage them in it, make annual presents to the Moorish kings. These are given them under certain conditions, first, that their subjects shall not carry any of their gum to the English at Portendic; and, secondly, that A z they they shall be ready, on all occasions, to furnish slaves . To enable them to fulfil this last article, they never fail to supply them with ammunition, guns, and other instruments of wfar. To confirm what I have now said, I shall put down the following example: The king of Almammy had, in the year 1787, very much to his honour, enaaed a law, that no slave whatever should be marched through his territories. At this time several French vessels lay at anchor in the Senegal, waiting for slaves . The route of the black traders in consequence of this edia of the king, was flopped, and the slaves carried to other parts. The French, unable on this account to complete their cargoes , remon firated with the king. He was, however, very unpropitious to their representations, for he returned the presents which had been sent him by the Senegal company , of which I