allow that the subjea of the saves fituationl agitated in Parliament had drawn the attention' of the colonists to the few bad men among them (and every country had bad men), and tley had adverted to, and in many instances corrected, in consequence, exceptions to general good treatment of slaves ; but the, general good '. -·'~~ treat treatment originated withj aid came from, the coloniffs them iclves. Old flories of the cruelties of the first settlers, Buccaneers or others, had been brought in evidence, and perhaps some of those stories might'be in part true, and a few wholly true; - but at the beginning of this century, the proprietors of land in the islands began to send their children to the schools of the mother- country ; they passed from school to college, and from college to foreign travel: From the seminaries of learn -- ing, and from general intercourse with the moult civilised societies, they imbibed all that the influence of philosophy and of elegance, of morals and of manners, could impress on the best of minds; and they returned to take poefleiton of their estates in the islands, with every feeling that could'dignify the gentleman, the scholar, and'the christian. Hence gradually arose the amelioration of the poor negroes lot, and the alleviations of slavery . A sort of common-law has sprung out of the acquiescence, and grants and regulations from time to time admitted or given by their humane and well taught maftersh The benevolent laws of Jamaica or of Grenada may be of a late date; but the slaves had before, under this common-law, more than those statutes have given or could give. When he was in the West Indies , he perceived the negroes who were industrious for themselves to earn and have a right to what they earned, and to hold their houses and, gardens as a property secured to.them in a manner as sull"and as ifrong, as any peasantry in. Europe, and they were in general in a better situation than the lower class of labourers in other countries . Mr. octly, in St. Vincents, brought in his Bill for ameliorating the state of the slaves , two years before the Hon. miover (Mr. Wilberforce) ever mentioned the fibjeft in Parliament . As to the question of abolition of the Slave Trade , he would rot now discuss it; his opinion was well known, and he never had occasion to alter it: It was foortly this, that the colonifs alone could carry any abolition into effect; and they were making hasty steps to it, by increaing the population under better medical treatment of infants, and corrected morals of the negroes , and improved drainings and cultivation of the islands, rendering them more salubrious. Thus in a few years the Slave Trade might have dropped of itself, or sunk at least to mere transport of African felons : Especially if the British Government at the same time had posted consuls on the African coast, to check the system alleged of rapine, and reduce the trade gradually by regulations. The ftiong, unqualified nmeafure proposed that night put aside all such' salutary procedure, whilst in itself it was impracicable, and at VOL. II G the 2'25 the fame.time most dangerous. The very difcufron of the iubje t was dangerous, and he should vote for the amendment, as a kind of previous question, suited to the alarming crisis which pressed on our colonies in every part. A Right Hon. Gentleman had been followed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, in prelfing the argument, that the present was the most proper time of all to abolifl the trade , as the importation of new laves into the islands was an importation of i itrumental'war and infurreaion, for the Jacobins and French miiiionaries to rouse by their doctrines of the imjirefcriptible rights of man, and all their political metaphylics. It was astonishing that men of such talents as those Gentlemen should venture such absurdities. What! teach a slave newly come from the coast of Africa , and bearing in mind the government and system of his country , his hereditary manners and hereditary prejudices, to lay all these down at once, aild soar to the regions of French metaphysical explanation of rights and government? Has the new iregroe a mind suited to such slight? or have the French a langurage to direct such slight ?- Have they a dictionary for the King of Dahomey? The melancholy truth is, that the danger to our islands is not to be apprehended from new negroes , but from those long f ttled from mulattoes, from free blacks , and from negroe ilaves the most enlightened on each effate 'The. latter were at present most loyal to their masters, and a part on his own ellate armed for defence; but loyal as they were, they might be open to the ilbibing doctrines too flattering to human vanity and fel importance not to be heard, especially if we ourselves gave spur to the occasion and to the argument. This tile question of this night was calculated to do: Professing to do all for the negroes in Africa , it left something to hope and to expeet for the negroes in the colonies; nay, those negroes could not be supposed to discriminate subjects as ditlint, which even some Gentlemen in Parliament have felt to be combined, namey, the questions of abolition , and of emancipation . They will confider emancipation as following of course, and so considering, they may Itrive to precipitate the matter. And what muss be the esse: of agitating these questions in the minds of the negroes at the prefent hour Mut it not be, to be the cadiutors of every French missionary who preaches the holy right of insurrection, and routes a struggle for something the negroes do not yet possess, and which we intimate, and he declares they should, will, and muff attain. But, saida Right Hon. Gentleman, Sloane in his History of Jamaica, and others most conversant in the tate of the iilands, lhave' aferted, that newly