30. " The law, as it now stands, evidently speaks ct for the slave trade , and humanity pleads as strong C ly in favour of it. For the Africans will cut the " throats of their slaves , if the Europeans come not C up to their price." a municipal law, not founded on scripture or reason , is a poor plea for a custom. Before this cutting of throats can be pleaded for slavery , it fiould be asked, if the hopes of selling them had not first encouraged them to make slaves of them, C Should England drop the African trade , France and " Spain would avail themselves of it, and the poor " Africans remain fill in bondage , under much fe C verer taik mafters." what generous motives for persevering in this business! Knows not this As rican merchant , that above two thirds of the slaves , bought on the slave coast by English traders , are sold by them, or their facors, to the French, and other foreigners ; and that the English traders , by their enterprizing turn, push this commerce much farther, than all the other European nations ; so that if they were to give it up, a great part of it would be at an end. With respect to treatment or taskmasters, I fear, most foreigners , (59) foreigners , except perhaps the unfeeling Dutch and Americans, may boast that they take these wretches out of the hands of severe talk mafters. P. 34. " In Africa those are sold, who are slaves by C descent, or have committed theft, or such villainies " as their laws condemn them to slavery for, as Jo C feph claimed Benjamin, on finding his cup in his " fack." suppofe crimes by the original law of As rica punished with slavery , still sending criminals into perpetual exile, muss be a modern statute, since the discovery of America; how, or when was it enaaed? and who were the contracting parties? Crimes, that society punishes, fuppote an advanced state of society Can Africa , in its rude situation, annually supply 00oo, o00 culprits, besides the immense numbers that must fall lame, or sick, and be left to perish in the woods, in marches of one thousand miles before they reach the traders on the coat: 'I In Africa they have "no chance of ever being free; they have no sort of (' property; their lives are subjecto their masters " caprice, without fear of punifnment, or of being " accountable." is not this a just representation of American and West Indian slavery ? P. 35. " Not one individual African, when made " free, ever wifled to return to his own country ; " nor would accept of freedom on such terms." poor wretch, how is he to search out his native spot, perhaps one thousand miles up the country ; to whom is he to attach himself, whose family has been murdered, or scattered among different European nations , never to be reassembled, or made happy in each other. (( By stat. 6. Edward, chap. 3. He that takes a servant or beggar idle, three days together, shall have " him for his slave ; and if he does not work, may " treat him with chains , imprisonment, and stripes. " This shows there were then slaves , and how they " were to be treated." suppofe this statute unrepealed, we then see what the gradual improvement of a country will in time produce. Place therefore the Africans in the same situation, they will also gradually advance ( 60) advance themselves, and thence acquire freedom ; while the colonies will go on increasing in wealth and population. P. 36. " A West Indian planter," (in an anonymous pamphlet) " affirms it to be impossible to cul" " the soil by any but negroe labourers. Lind C says there are services that cannot safely be per" " by Europeans, in hot unhealthy climates. " The Palatines died in clearing lands in Jamaica." The difference between the powers of an African, and an European, has never been fairly ascertained. The author knows a particular instance, where two hundred and forty prime (generally seasoned) slaves , were reduced below one hundred, in less than eight years, on a new plantation . Let the importation of slaves into our new islands be compared with their present numbers, and this probably will be found to be a moderate proportion. There are European blacksmiths in the West Indies , which is surely a more trying employment than the field labour of the saves. This last is indeed only severe, from the injudicious manner in which slaves are worked, and their being obliged to drawl on their talk under the overseer's eye, without rest or relaxation. These men say; p. 5g, that : " an European labourer will work as much as fx " negroes ." -- Would an European wear himfelfout by putting forth the sixth part of his strength? A man may very well labour five or six hours every day, and avoid the fervours of the fun. Taking into account the ease with which land is usually tilled between the tropics, and that there is no winter cessation of labour there, this rate of labour will equal in the year, the labour of a peasant in a northern country . P. 36. " Ligon says nothing was done to the profitable <" settlement of Barbados, until the introduce( tion of flaves." if the author remembers that, or some other original account right, little was done till the Dutch planters came there, on being driven out of Brasil, Negroes , and indented feryants, at first worked ( 6i) worked together, till the gradual introduetion of As ricans thrust the others out. By parish registers which the author has seen, it plainly appears, that numbers of white men were employed with negroes , after anno i68o. The circumstance of a single plantation furnishing a company of men for the attack on Guadaloupe, under Codrington, about anno 169 I, was told to the author by the owner of