To this it is answered, Take care, left, under the enthufiafmn of humanity , you do riot, at the expense of your neighbour, and perhaps of your country , inconsiderately give up your advantages, without the least chance of benefiting or improving the condition of those, whom I moult heartily join with you in calling our brethren. After so many volumes which, within a few years, have been written on this subjet, it may appear great presumption in me to offer my poor opinion: but I have made it a rule, among the various fubjeas I have mentioned, to dwell on those only to which I have been an eyewitness; and which I am convinced there are few others in this country that have seen and so accurately observed. I have seen the most cruel tortures inflicted, for submitting to the desire of a husband, or for refusing the same to a libidinous master, and more frequently a rascally overseer: nay, even on the moult innocent, from the false accusations of a lustful woman, prompted alone by jealousy. 1 have seen in other places, negro slaves as well treated as the most favoured servants in England; and as I have steen some sailors, soldiers, ant apprentices, most tyrannically treated when under the command of ill tempered clefpots, I must pronounce the condition of such not to be envied even by negroes . If, therefore, so much depends on the disposition or humour of those who are exercising a s^~wl~~ permanent C H A P. IX AA N 202 permanent or a temporary power, we must duly confider, before we hastily judge the whole from partial information. Cruelty is too often exercised in our plantations ; but if not so shockingly to human nature as in other countries , what are we doing by a sudden emancipation , but turning the poor creatures over to more cruel masters? The quantum of sugar , c. will be had, and must be provided by negroes , natives of Africa , who alone are born to endure labour under a vertical fun. The national character of these people, as I have remarked it, where they are as free to at by their own will and disposition as in Africa , is perfectly savage; the twenty thousand Ouca and Seramica free negroes have lived separated, and under no control of Europeans, for a number of years, and yet I have never seen any marks of civilization, order, or government among them, but, on the contrary, many examples of ungovernable passion, debauchery, and indolence. I love the African negroes , and have shown how sincerely I have felt for them on many occasions; and whatever wrong contlrution may be put on what I have said on this subjet, I wish, from the bottom of my heart, that my words could be submitted to the consideration of that refpetable body the British parliament ; and so far be regarded, as to prevent the fatal decision of a total abolition of slavery till ioo, or the beginning of next D d 2 century. CHAP. IX rr zo CHAP. IX L, century. For if such a measure flould be raflly enforced, I take the liberty to prophesy, that thousands and thousands, both white and black , may repent, and more be ruined by it, when the evil can no more be redressed. From what I have learned by inquiry, from persons vrwll informed on the fubj&t, it clearly appears, that numbers of the negroes offered for sale have been taken in battles, and made prisoners of war; while many others have been scandalously kidnapped, and some others transported for offences, sc.; of all which I shall produce a few examples in future. These groups of people are marched from every inland part, to the factories erected by different nations upon the coast, where they are sold, or more properly speaking, bartered, like the other productions of their country , viz. gold, elephants teeth, c. to the Europeans, for bars of iron, firearms, carpenters tools, chests, linens, hats, knives, glafes, tobacco, spirits, c. Next they are embarked for exportation , during which time they, without contradition, feel all the pangs that mental or corporeal misery can inflit. Being torn from their country and dearest connexions, flowed hundreds together in a dark stinking hold, the sexes being separated; while the men are kept in chains to prevent an insurrection. In this manner are they floated over turbulent seas, not certain what is to be their destiny, and generally fed during the o04 the pafrage with horfe beans and oil for their whole subsist. ence. But there sufferings are often alleviated with better food by the more humane : so far, that none or few of the cargo die during the passage , and the whole crew arrive healthy in the Well Indies . I even remember one instance, where the captain, mate, and most of the sailors, having expired at sea, so that the remaining few could not work the slip without the negroes affifc ance, yet there lait having been well treated, helped at last to run the vessel on shore, by which means they not only saved many lives, but tamely and even cheerfully allowed themselves to be fetched and sold to any person who would please to buy them. having made there refletions, I shall now briefly proceed with the manner in which the slaves are disposed of. No sooner is a gtinea fhip arrived, than all the slaves are led upon deck, where they are refrefled with pure air, plantains, bananas, oranges, 8c. and being properly cleaned, washed, and their hair hlaved in different figures of itars, half moons, Sc. which they generally do the one to the other, (having no razors) by the help of a broken bottle and without soap. After this operation, one part of them is sent aihore for sale, decorated wit' pieces of cotton to serve as fig leaves, arm bands, beads, c. being all the captain's property; while the others spend the (lay in dancing, hallooing, and clapping hands