of argument, that the planters could carry on their plantations without fresh importations of negroes , and that they even thought so themselves, that would not be fiffici ent to remove the evil, for those planters' interest was much involved in the interest and the opinion of these mortgagees, trustees, c. These persons muss be satisfied that the plan was eligible, and that it would not asset their property, else they would make great haste to change the nature of their security, and call in their property for the purpose of investing it some where else, and by these means cccafioa losses and bankruptcies to an extent that would appear incredible I were now slated. The result was, that Parliament would a unwisely, if it did not attend minutely and reflea on these points. Such would be the effect of taking too short a period for the abolition of .the trade ; there were other evils which would be the eiffct of making that period too long. There was another body of men, whose interests were involved in this traffic. The persons engaged in the trade itself, owners ·ofveffels belonging to • the ports of London, Liverpool and Bristol; and whatever * feeling some might entertain for them, (fill it was undoubt aedly true that they had been in the custom of following up this trade , under an idea that it was fanicioned by the Le - of this country ; under such imprefimons the Committee would feel that as it was in their power, so it was their duty to do them justice. Upon this topic he should not enlarge now, but should have fomethirig to suggest hereafter. Having slated the general outlines of the effect of :, what appeared to him to be the best. plan that could be .adopted to meet the interest of all parties, and also to effectuate the abolition of the trade , he should now come to : mention fomeof the particulars of the fyitem which he should propose for the purposes of this abolition . First, That that part which was carried on not for the : immediate use of our own islands, but for the service of so areign nations , he should propose to be immediately abolished. This made: a very material part of the traffic; for in 'the year 1791, the whole importation consisted offeventy 'four thousand, not less than thirty-four thousand of which Swere exported for the service of foreign nations . This part of the trade it was his object to suppress directly on the commencement of his plan; and this made a very substantial and'material part of the slave trade . Another part of his : plan was to cut off as much as he could the importation , of aged people to the west Indies from the Coast of Africa . the' reafon why he formed that plan he should shortly mention. In the first place, a limitation .upon the age •, old lead to lessen the number, because the importation of young persons would tend more to population than that of gerfons of, an advanced age, and the leading principle of his far they could, by any means, render fresh importation of slaves into the plantations unnecessary. In this the age, in his opinion, was much to be attended to. Another reason why he wished to direct the attention of the Committee to this part of the subject was, that it would in a great degree lessen the cruelties that were said to be pracifed on these unhappy people in their own countries , previous to the sale of them. Another reason why he adopted this was, that by importing young negroes , we protected ourselves in a great measure against the diseases of these unfortunate persons; for the diseases to which they were chiefly incident were much more common among the aged than the young. The aged often brought diseases with them from Africa , which soon proved mortal to themselves, and often affected those with whom they aflbciated. It was well known, Mr. Dundas said, that most of the calamities of the Middle Passage were owing to the diseases of the old negroes . Another advantage arising from this regulation would be, that it would likewise remove the complaints of the heartbreaking feet ings, of the slaves of age being tome from their connexions and ancient habits; as the negroes , of the age he should with) to confine the importation to, could not be supposed to have made conne&tions, or entertained habits from which they would not soon have their minds weaned. He had another very firong reason for being desirous of importing young instead of old negroes , which was, that it might he rendered worth the care of the planters to inculcate into the minds of the young negroes that religious and moral infirucion which they might be capable of receiving, and which probably was never considered an objea worthy of attention with refpe, to the ancient negroes : he was convinced that every idea of civilising the negroes in Africa , or in our islands, would prove totally futile and chimerical until an inititution were established for the purpose of inftru6cing them ir religious and moral duties; and such institutions, he said, he fhoruld take care to suggest. VOL. XXXII X X Under these impressions, he had thought of confining the whole of our importation of negroes to females not exceeding the age of sixteen, and to males not exceeding the age of twenty; these were his own notions upon the subject, and all his ideas had been directed to that object. But certain suggestions had been made to him that this plan could not be carried into execution. It was said that it would be impossible to obtain a sufficient number for the purposes of carrying . on our plantations under this limitation. He had yielded to these suggestions, and had in consequence adopted another plan, which was, that the importation fihould be confined to females of the age of twenty, and males of the age