unjust. In justice, therefore, to the manes of his ancestors, as well as to other considerations ot still greater weight, he was restrained from going the length that the opinion of the learned Sergeant goes. But he repeated it again, that the motion which had been proposed this evening, would dcfcat £ its own objec, and that any other mode of abolition than that, by introducing gradual regulations, according to the ages of those imported from Africa , never would succeed. Even supposing, however, that not another slave was to be exported from Africa to the British West india islands, the cause of humanity would not gain in the least from such abolition ; for it would only throw the trade inro the hands of other commercial powers, who would benefit from our miliakcn benevolence, and who would carry it on without any regulations. The Advocates for immediate abolition exclaimed, " Come, let us wipe away this stain from the national characer." 'This might be a very fine figure in rhetoric, but it certainly was not a logical argument, nor was it, in fact, any argument in the cause of humanity . This was not the ground, however, on which lhe opposed the present motion. He opposed it because he thought, were it agreed to by the House, it would endanger the peace of the country . What was the mcnafure, he asked, which was now proposed? His honourable friend disclaimed all idea of emancipation ; though when lie remarked this, he could not but remind the learned Sergeant, that his argument, if carried to its full extent, would go to evince the emancipation of every slave in the West Indies , as a right, which in justice they might claim. Supposing it, however, only to amount to a prohibition of the trade with Africa , he contended that such a resolution? were it passed into a law in the present distracted slate of the colynies, would throw them entirely into the power of the enemy., In support of this proposition, he' begged that the House would only attend to the nature of the war in the West Indies . On the pait of this country , it was not a war for riches or local aggrandisement, but a war r f security. On the part of the enemy, it was a war, not for conquest with a view to enrich themselves, but a waro.f devastation, in order to impoverith this country , and thus to obtain, not a direa, but an indiret fuipc riority over their enemies. The way in which they have carried it on in order to attain this object, had been by attempts to stir up the haves to infurrc6eion against their masters. And the engine which they had used in this warfare was proclaiming liberty to the negroes , while at the same time, under pretext of espousing their cause, they exercised cruelties unheard of before, and imposed a bondage to which their newly acquired vassals were entire firangers. They hold out, however, that the slaves in our colonies were in a state of barbarous opprefion, and this was the mode in which they thought proper to convey their relief. He would ask, .however, whether the representatives of the people of Great Britain, in the calmnefr of legislative deliberation, would furnith their enemies with an engine; and while Vitor Hughes entered our Colonies with a decree of the National Convention of France in hand, declaring liberty to our slaves , we could furnish him with an at of the Britilh Parliament with which to advance in the other, desiring them to join their deliverers, and oppose those who had so long been their oppressors. In the present convulfced flatc of those islands, he thought it became the Legifa. ture to pause, especially as it might be hoped a time was fast ap. proaching when questions of that nature might be agitated with much greater safety and utility. But as this, in his opinion, was not the time, he thould certainly oppose the present motion; not by a direct negative, but by voting for the previous quetion, which would not pledge the House to any opinion upon the fubje6t. It had been urged, that the House had come to a resolution four years ago that the trade thould be aboliflicd in the beginning of 1796. But he would ask in reply, if we were in the same situation in regard to our Veft india colonies that we were then, and whether the delay which was then thought necessary on account of the slate of Grenada, St. Lucia, St. Vincent's, and Dominica, was not more neceffarv now when the situation of these islands was considered, and whether the suspension of any resolution for an immediate abolition was not particulairly requisite in existing circumstances? No man would lfate that the condition of Grenada, 'whether it arole from the war or not, was better now than it was four years ago. St. Vincent's, he was sorry to say, was in a similar unfortunate situation. It was true that there had been a great number of slaves imported from Africa to the West Indies in the course of the lads four yecars, but little advantage had been derived to therfe islands from the importation , as they had been all carried to foreign islands, or to Jamaica, where they were sold for almnoft nothing. He did not mean to insinuate anything difrefpecaful of the decisions of this House; but he contended, that a refoluti.n being voted, and sent up to the Lords four years ago, which relb lution was never returned, was at least evidence sufficient to Show that the other House of Parliament did not 'confider the time of war as the most proper for the agitation of such a question as the present . And he would ask the honourable mover, if he thought that that House would be a whit more rapid in their proceedings, though they \~cre pressed by another Resolution from the House of Commons? He trembled for the