then monopolised by the Venetians. In 1492, Columbus, in quest of a westerly passage to the East Indies , was unexpectedly interrupted in his course by the islands of America. In 1497, Vasquez de Gama pursued and accomplished the same object, by doubling the Cape of Good Hope. 4. Both these events appear to have operated greatly to the disadvantage of Africa . The coast of that continent, after having served as a clue to conduct navigators to the East Indies , was itself comparatively negle&ted; not on account of any natural inferiority in it's soil, climate, or productions; but because the Africans, not having advanced so far in the arts as the East Indians, nor having then discovered such quantities of the precious metals as the Americans, could not immediately supply the European demand for those desirable produetions, which the commerce of the East afforded. Thus Asia and America became the principal theatres of the ambition and avidity of the Europeans; and happy had it been for Africa if they had so continued. But it is diffrefling to recolle&t the rapid progress of European iniquity among the simple and untutored nations inhabiting the other quarters of the world. Their operations in America were deplorably injurious to Africa . It was soon found that the aborigines of the former could not endure the toils imposed on them by their new mailers. " The natives of Hispaniola alone were reduced, in fifteen years, from at least one million to about 6o, ooo*."' Hence arose the apparent or pretended necessity (for there never can be any real necessity to commit villainy) of resorting to CHAP. I. The Slave trade . * Robertson's History of America. Africa C H A P. Africa for a. hupptly of labourers, in form of slaves . Hlerq L commenced the. slave trade , that fcourge of the human races which has kept down a great part of the Africans in a slate of anarchy and blood, and which, while: it's nefarious exist, ence is tolerated, will prove the grand obstacle to their improvement and civilization, Early in the sixteenth century, this traffic had assumed an appearance of system; for we find that, in 151^7, the Emperor Charles V granted: a patent to certain flave merchants for the annual supply of 400ooq negroes : to the islands of hiftpa.niola~ Cuba, Jamaica and, Porto Rico. It, has since been cherished with as much care, as if the very existence of legitimate commrnerce depended on it, and as if, in pr inciple and praciee, it perfecly accorded with the feelings and sentiments of it's patrons. 'The Well 5" Withoaut undervaluing the West Indian sugar colo Indies derive their import nies, we may venture to observe, that their importance , nay,, axficam according to the planters themselves, their very exifftence, depends on Africa .. That continent supplies thetn with slaves , whom they call by the soft naame of " Negro labourers," and who alone confer a val: ue on their property, Some affirm, with much probability, that they also owe to Africa the very object of their labours. Certain it is, that the sugarcane grows spontaneously in Africa ; but whether it be a native of the West Indies , is; a controverted point. Be this as it may, it was surely somewhat preposterous to drag the Africans to the West Indies , there to drudge amidit whips and chains , in cultivating a commodity which, had they been prudently and humanely dealt with, they might have been induced to raise, as an article of commerce , upon their own soil, and that much nearer to the European markets than the nearest of the West Indian islands. islands .^ But the very vicinity of Africa , which should have recommended it to the Europeans, may have operated to it's disadvantage; for mankind generally set the greatef value on things distant and difficult to be obtained. Distance, Bike afog, confuses objects, and lends them a magnitude that does not belong to them; and thus fascinates and misleads men of warm imaginations, often to their injury, sometimes to their ruin. 6. But the flave trade , as carried on in Africa , not only impedes the progress of the natives in the arts of industry and peace; but also now prevents the European merchants concerned in it, or in the sugar colonies, from countenancing the colonisation of that continent, from an ill-founded apprehension, that such new establishments may interfere with those in the West Indies . It is indeed well known, that the Sierra Leona Company experienced very great opposition from the selfish and ungenerous African traders , and West Indian merchants and planters. In justice, however, to several of the more liberal individuals of those bodies , we muss observe, that, disregarding vulgar prejudices, they saw no cause of alarm from such establishments. They probably considered, that felf intereft is always, in the end, befl promoted by liberality; and that as all the cotton pro * from England to the nearerl of the Vc f1 Indian islands are pcrformned, on an average, in about thirty days; to the mofl distant, in about six weeks -- A voyage to Sierra Leona occupies about twenty days; but Mr. Falconbiidge once arrived there from England in fevenrteen days. Voyages home bothfrom Africa and the West Indies , are longer than those to them, from the opposition of the trade winds; and homeward bound ships from Jamaica, St. Domingo, Cuba, and the Bahamas are farther interrupted by the gulf stream- -- 1782, a French frigate arrived at Senegal from Breast in thirteen day s, and returned in fifteen -- The Chevalier de Boufflers told me that he arrived at Senegal from Havre in twenty days, and that the vessel returned to Havre in the same time. C duced CHAP. I. Opposition of merchants and planters. C H A P. duced in the British islands is quite inadequate to the de p- -- rmand of the British manufacturers, so the consumption of sugar being rapidly increasing, in Europe and America, and capable of indefinite extension, the time may not