with those of their own complexion, their fears a, e not only removed, but most of them become, as it were, a different race of men, t and I sincerely believe, enjoy a much happier life than they ever experienced in their own country a country of much lecs freedom then that they are brought to. I have been conversant with people of all nations ; and I do aver, that the most cheerful, lively, and vivacious race of meni I ever knew, are the negroes in Jamaica. If therefore, the advocates for the emanciparion of slaves were to succeed in their application to parliament , do they suppose, that one ingle slave less would be purchased in our West India islands? Do they think the French nation , who declare " they muss go to war every ten or twelve years, with some European power, mcerely to carry off the refuse and overflowing of the human race in their own land" will hefirate to buy and sell men of other nati * barbarity that brines this on. ons Sthe ~ ri ter means, " that i" they were not rational creaturesbefore, that, in the ivrfi fdia, the planters can make ihcm a prefentof living souls. () ons ?* What probability then is there that the evil will be removed? None: but there is much rearon to fear that those e who first moved such an impradicable plan, may live to hear of the dreadful consequences which may arise from it, and our brethren in the West Indies have now as much reason to fear from the matter being dropped, as they have, were it carried fully into execution: Negroes are nort he. sort of men to be content with the good things done for the benefit of riling ge nerarions. With them, as with moult of the lower forrt, the present hour is all, Those who assert that the field labour can be effected in the West Indies , by free men, or white men, are ignorant, or worfc. The truth is, the free negro will nit work, either here or btere : -- the white servant canimt work there. This * is disinterested. tauth"t The Third is an Extra from the same Paper of September 26, 1789, and is as follows: " To the Printer of the St. James' Chronicle. SIR, As to the disputes concerning the Slave trade , I observe, that the champions on both sides the question continue equally violent in support of their opposite opinions. Ific be true that, in the West Indies , the African slaves are in a better slate then they were in their own country , which seems to be fairly proved, all the pathetic exclamations in favour of hfumanity and christianity are nothing to the purpose. Therefore, until the. advocates for the abolition of the present traffic in human creatures can prove that they were not saves in their own country , their appeals to religion and humanity are invalid. Pious chrilians may be very good men; but they are not always wise. Probably those iwho were firnt seized with this humazne fit of emancipation , did nor forcfle the probable consequence of pro inulgating The National Assembly', if they are what they fem to be, will answer for i This gentleman confesses himself of the lower sort. t Gentlemen of the bolition! -- can Truth possibly bring arguments more ta the intecft of your Cause? ( 56) mulgating their opinions to the laves in the West Indies . If these slaves were universally informed that the people of England, viz. the masters of their matters thought them entitled to Liberty , rebellion, and a thousand murders would cnfue. * The North Americans, particularly the people of New England, are wonderfully pious and humane . They are honest, very honest Prefbyterians slavery is to them an abomination; it is their duty to afift the poor Africans in the West Indies to recover their liberty ; and if therfe Africans thould give possession of Jamaica, c. to their deliverers, why it would be no more than they have a right to expect I am yours, c. SCRUTATOR." In thort, and to conlude, it feeccms upon the whole, after the fairest reasoning , that if the Slave Trade , was totally and for ever abolished from principles of humanity , and none other ever brought from Africa if they were, by slow degrees, set at liberty in the West Indies if the merchants followed the African 1 rade upon anot her basis, it would civilise Africa incrcafe • the manufactures of Biitain employ greater numbers of sea men infure to them much more health preferve their lives more effectually i ncrcafc the revenues of government de crease the expenses of the merchants (particularly by performing the voyage three months sooner) and be attended even with more salutary cifiecs, than the friends of Liberty , universal Liberty could hope for.. * This is to be ftre the cafc in our East-india pofitelions; all is revolt and re Edilicn, amongat the Rajabs and Nalobl neighbouring upon our feitlements, be ca. fe we are in favour of Iniverfal justice, and our Parliament , the mailer of their *d muaier, Warren Haflins, is now showing i.em entitled to liberty . F IN I S.