sacrifices thirty-eight .thousand Africans to the idol of Wealth. I say thirty-eight thousand; for, if that annual supply be necessary, it is evident the annual confamption of life in the whole is equal to the ruicelirty of the supply England then sacrifices, contrary to her featiments and principles, in order to give riches to a few individuals, a number of Africans, nearly double to that, the mexicans annually sacrificed, in conformity to principles of religion and government, whzichl they thought essential to the prosperity of the itate and to their future happineifs. W. PEN N. * This is no exaggeration, as appears by salts, ascertained in council, and by propoltions, extra~ted from the minutes of council, laid before the Houle of Commons, by Mr. Wilberforce. WV PEN N. It, is evident the Mexicans, miflld by false principles, (though still aating upon principle,) were excusable and innocent, compared to the nations of eur open, who, a~ing contrary to prici ples they avow; with the a~ual sacrifice of thousand of lives, accarton, moreover, the misery of thousand of thousands besides, to obtain that wealth wvhichz may be acquired, with a conscience void of offence, by means which are humane , honest, and just. but, I see Sir willziaim PETTY and jowns HANWAY coming this way. The Aibl jet of slavery engrosses their thoughts and conversation. Sir W. PETTY demogirfates its policy by calculation: - that three West india islands would flourifhh more by the labour of free negroes than by that of slaves ; - that our sailors and ships would be moqre advantageously employed in the fisheries, those inexhauffible sources of wealth and maritime power. - And, our wealth and people in carrying on the manufa~tures, and cultivating the waste lands of Great britain, would be immensely increased. Sir 1V1I.I.2AM, however, being accustomed to recduce policy and everything to cal. culation, ( to I culation, fieems to: epte~rtain a ·fulpicion, I hope a groundless one, that the Miniiter may, in this in itance, too mnuch accommodate the feelings and principles he professes, to the extensive private intereits, which 'pre~fent'tmany difficulties against the abolition of slavery ; - difficulties whlichr attenc1 all reformation; - and which may easily be got over by this gentleman's talents and address, and will be much lessened, by the natural and invariable con ~e~quences of a return to reclcitude. jou~s IIANWAY, thinking highly of the mil ini~ter's magnanimity, is more falnguine in his ex peaations, and affirmns, that the trade in slaves has kept the continent of Africa , so much behind the reit of the globe in civilization, that it has led us from more important , as well as more innocent! objeas of commerce , with which that continenl abounds; - that thle spirit of liberal commerce hunianizes mankind: Andin commercial anc other affairs, righteoutfnel~s exalteth a nation , ane Cruelty and Injuffice, are a reproach to any people I go to meet them. - F A RE 17 E L ptor THE abolition o laer y f~ef~~. i wfrihout INJURY TO TRADE AND NAV SGATION. IF th.uaepurhaeo Bllacks in aifrica is' at all als Iowied, xqion: "pi'iicples 'of comnrierchil policy; rid their tranfp~ortatiorfi aiad services in our ·sugair is prefhined, bdy a friend to the rights of .hurnia~ nature, and an enemy to slavery , that the following iegualatiorkwould put an end to the injustice and ait of that inhliman conrimercte; and re: : i ztayr arieincreafe irts : benefits. sritirdgild' cotiqlain d of are sauch as arifre in the affage aid. iroyrage, and lafterwards in the islands 11ienfelves; where theyr are sold as slaves , liable to evry cruel injirry short of dire murder. Firt, In order to remedy evils from our crowded thips, arid from the neglea of the persons of Blacks therein during this passage , be it enanked, under the heaviest penalties, that the number of persons conveyed, orto be conveyed in every ship , be proportioned to and limited by the tonnage of the vessel, ssecondly,. That insurance of slaves , as cargo , bje declared abiolutely illegal. This will make it the interest of the merchant and his agents to take care of the health and furbfiftence of the Blackis dulring the voyage ... difpofied of~in thie if lands, be it farther en a~ed, That from and after the year r790, all Blacks , sold in the Sugar Plantations , be declared .servants by indenture only, for the term of years which term of years to be determined by Parliament . The flock fervants, and the illue of f~iuch servants, and ofall others bor~nafterthe year '790, be declared fr~ee borrix fubjets of the reahu, olfgreait bji~tain; and that they be maintained and put ais app~renltices at the expense of the owners of,, eitrates and diitrias to which thiey do and shall belong. That 'That all foch servants by incienture, and all ich infants and apprentices, be proteped and regulata~l by and under the laws now in force, for the regulation of poor apprentices and others in Great bri tam., That complaints of servants and apprentices against masters, and also of maiters against such servants and apprentices, be heard and determined by Juitices of the Peace (not having intereit) according to the said laws. By theife regulations, and others in the same [pi. rit and intention, the complexion of the trade will be totally altered. The traders and their agents will no longer be wretched kidnappers and mnur derers, no longer the scourges of mankind. An enormous national crime will cease to be committed. National and commercial chfara~ter will cease to be infamnous. The rival commercial nations around us will lie under great disadvantages unless they adopt: our regulations: And if planters encourage the marriage of their servants (which by law ought to be favoured, "perhaps compelled) they will have a fucceliron of fel rvnts, who in the firk instance having the profpeat, and afterwards the possession, of freedom , will work with more ala cuity; crtv.ad; in all probabilt the. mortation fr om africa wx a 1 liecbrpe less necefa and, in - tml the tribli