see no legal ground'to establish the INJUSTICE of the trade . In the opinion of Civilians, every State is competent to dispose of Prisoners of War and of Citizens, who violate the lawvs, as may be deemed conducive to the general good. And there is no more INJUSTICE in our purchasing the services of those who are thus taken or condemned, than in the Americanw Colonitfs' purchasing convi&s from us. It remains to be proved, that the facility of disposing of the Conquered incites the Princes of Africa to wage war on their unoffending neighbours. As to the MURDERS committed in the voyage to the West indies , I must have substantial evidence to * Take care, however, of the Catholic doftrine the E on fanlifies the aniea~s convintce convince me of the fa. It does violence to every law of probability to imagine, that men INTERESTED in the lives of the Negroes , wantonly destroy them. Observe the solicitude of an Owner ofa drove of cattle on their journey from Lincolnshire to Smithfield. Be assured he will condua them to market in the bell condition possible, if not from humanity , from INTEREST But a Negro is of more value than an Ox; and therefore, I can never believe, that any are wantonly dejiroyed. And the same inducement which an English Farmer has to keep a Team of horses in health and vigour, will prompt a Planter to nour/b his Negroes . In truth, the general condition of Slaves in the West indies is superior to Ballast Heavers at home, and Convits abroad. In one particular, Ifeel the deepest abhorrence imean, the pracice of detaining the poa/ fatum children of the Negroes in slavery . By a law of particular nations the wife and children of the offender follow him into exile. Perhaps the law is consonant with tenderness and policy. But no Legislature under Heaven is competent to establish Slavery from the B I R T H. The very phrase is foleciflical, BORN a SLAVE .! It involves every idea of IMPIETY, INJUSTICE, and INHUMANITY. It ought to be detested and abolished by a brave and generous people. I do not know even on a ground of interef -- that Planters would be sufferers. If the propensities of nature now secure the propagation of the species, the very tenderne.t of a mither may induce her F to to destroy an infant destined to Slavery . The pratice^ is, indeed, too frequent to admit contradit6on. But in our anxiety to make Negroes happy, let us be careful that we do not make others wretched. If juffice and humanity demand the abolition of our Commerce to Africa , let it be remembered that justice and humanity demand a compensation for our fellow Citizens interested in that Commerce . I do not mean a scanty dividend of property, but a complete remuneration of capital, and all contingent expense. It may be faid the finances of the State will not permit the Minifier to be so generous, unless he either abandon the idea of reducing the public debt, or impose fresh burdens on a burdened people. To this I anfwer may I ever have the honour to boast, that I was born in a nation which prefers Justice to Oppressions and Glory to Gain. We are a burdened people we feel the melancholy truth. I never pay a fhillng towards the interest of the HUNDRED and TEN MILLIONS, sunk by Lord North to separate us from America, but I execrate those perjured Patriots, who pledged themselves to Heaven and their country to bring him to the Block. On the present occasion, I shall confider my Quota as an offering to FREEDOM and HUMANITY , as a contribution to the happiness of my fellow men of both complexions,. and pay it with cheerfulness, to the last farthing I have in the world. I sincerely I sincerely lament the unhappy destiny of such Africans as are sold to men of savage hearts. I hope Parliament , by wholesome regulations, or total abolition , will terminate their sufferings. But let them not transfer. the affiftions of the Negroes to a numerous train of Widows, Orphans, Merchants , Planters and Tradesmen, who are supported by the Commerce and cultivation of the Islands. This would not be humanity , but cruelty . The overflowings of Philanthropy ought not to destroy our reason . Each Party must assent to an INDEMNIFICATION of the sufferers, or their conduat will contradia their assertions. You objetled to an abolition of the Slave Trade as a measure of injustice and oppression. Then, Sir, manifest your abhorrence of injuffice and oppression by a cheerful contribution. And you, Sir, were an Advocate for the Abolition , as founded on juiiice, humanity , and freedom . Then manifest your regard for justice, humanity , and freedom . Remember, robbery is not juf/ice the interefis of hu marity are not promoted by taking the thorn from the fide of an African to plant it in the breast of a Citizen nor can there be Freedom in a Country where the property of an individual depends on the pleasure of Parliament . Thou halt do no murder, is a law of the Most High God. I bow before it with reverence. 7houjhalt not ea!, is of the same authority. A channel of Commerce is opened by parliament immenfe capitals are sunk in the enterprise hlumanity steps in and pleads for it's abolition . With all my heart. But what says JUSTICE -- that awful attribute of the F 3 Deity? Deity? Recompense your injured Citizens, or your con dua is ROBBERY in any Country ; in a commercial Country , ROBBERY and MADNESS. - I have not delivered my sentiments on this occasion, because I am intereted in the in demnification for which I plead. I mutt contribute tow wards it, bt thall never receive a hilling from it. TO T O lher ROYAL HIGHNESS THE P RINCESS or WALE S. Y OU will do me the justice, Madam, to believe, .that I have infinitely greater pleasure in vindicating your charasler, than I