fads are mentioned, not with a view to defend or condemn the B itilh flave trade , which will be considered in another place, (See SLAVE R Y and SLAVE - TRADE ); but merely because they account for that ferocity and brutality by which negroe , in many refpeas resemble the moll savage beasts of prey. Some of them have been known to feed on their brothers, and to devour their own children. But what indeed can be expeced of men in their unhappy situation?? all blacks , but especially those of Loanga, treat their women as vile slaves , created solely to amnufe and obey them. The wife often dares not look at her lord; The speaks to him on her knees; and yet this painful and humiliating fituarion is not difireffi g to them. Some negroes , however, are sufficiently attached to their wives, and exceedingly fond of their mifireffes: these yield in no respect to the men, but obey without reserve the natural impulse of their constitution. We likewise find negroes of Congob who, in order to please,, become great jeffers and buffoons. A single Congo slave is sufficient to diffuse cheerfulness and good-humour through a whole plantation . But how comies it about that female negroes , who are ft prolific in Africa , are not equall, foin America? To discover the cause of such fleriliry, is an objet worthy of the attention of government. According to some, these slaves are often instigated by the bitterness of their lot to rid themselves of a burden which other mothers support with pleasure. This, however, cannot be the sac. Without in any degree pleading the cause of the West India planters, we may venture to suppose, that, in this cafe, interest will supply the place of that principle of humanity which their opponents affirm them to want. To rear a negro is less exper.five than to purchase one from Africa ; and by the confelfia of all par ties, a creole slave is double the value of oge juit imporred. That felfilhnefs, therefore, of which the fugar planters have been to often and so vehemencly accused, would make them, one Thould thik, encourage, by every mean in their power, the pro pagarin of negroes , fiice bv the laws of the colonies the chill of a female slave is the property of her ms ftier. We doubt not that in the Well Indies , as everywhere else, there are men who in sudden burfis of passion forget their inreleft as well as their duty; and we are not i.clined ro deny, th: t there maybe many inftarces of cruelty pr; ..dfed on the flaves'both male and female; but in Africa , cruelty i reduced to. a system, and yet the mothers nurse and rear their children. One catufe certainly of the barrenness of colonial negroes , is tle finall number of females in proportion to the males, nd the difflute and licentions lives which they lead. It is a, for which ph)fiologilis mufl account, that when a woman, whether white or black , has a pvomifcuous intercourse with a number of men, flhe very seldom conceives children, and as our negroes in the Weln Indies are infructed in no principles of religion, and have appetites as keen as their N E G I 79~ 1 nert, their masters and their miflreffe?, it is notifurprigng that N'cgiolnd. miany of the females abandon themselves to licentious \ -- - amours, and become in consequence incapable of conception. The Catholic clergy in the French and Spanish islands, and the Moravian and Methodist pastors in our own, are at the utmost pains to inftrua the negroes in what they conceive to be the truths of Christianity; whilst the missionaries of the Englifth church too generally negleca every duty of their sacred function. The bishop of London has been expected, as diocesan of the West Indies , to take upon himfelfthe forming of some plan for the religious inftruaion of the neg, oes in the colonies suited to their temporal condition; but in justice so that prelate, as well as to the memory of his immediate predecessors, it is proper to acquaint the public, that since the death of Dr. Gibson in m 748, the biflhop of London has had no ecclesia fticat authority whatever in the colonies, nor any other episcopal connexion with them, than that of conferring orders upon their candidates for livings. That the colonies would gladly adopt any proper plan for improving the morals and meliorating the condition of the negroes , has been lately proved by the mofi refpecaable evidence given at the bar of the house of lords; and were such a plan put in execution, there cannot be a doubt, but that the slaves would be more diligent and faithful, the masters have less occasion to exercise cruelty , and the females, if imported in a sus ficient number, be as prolific as other women in the same latitudes. Both in France and in England laws have been lately enated, to preserve the lives of negroes on what is called the middle paffige, and to regulate the admi nifiration of jufltice to the negro slaves in the West Indies . An edict to this purpose was, so far back as March a 724, publiflhed at Versailles, called the black code; and laws have been lately made by the parliament of Great Britain, to insure better accommodation to the negroes on board of ship from Africa to the sugar islands. The colonial assemblies have likewise themselves enasted laws to protec the persons of the northeast groes while in their slate of servitude; and in some estates, these laws have been so well observed, that we have been informed by gentlemen of undoubted veracity, that they have known negro flaves possessed of one, two, and 30001. So horrible, however, to a British ear is the very sound of the word slavery , that a society was some years ago instituted at London, for the purpose of procuring an abolition of the slave trade ; ?nd petitions to parliament