p'oduced, The Iuhmaelites, Saracens, Moors, and Arabs, who invaded the western part of Africa , likewise became black in a few generations; while those of the same nations who invaded Spain, underwent little or no change of colour; which was whitish in rome, and tawny or yellow in others. M. de Manet, who has lately published an excellent history of Africa , conjectures that the complete change from white ro pe fect black might have been at the end of three centuries a this makes 15 generations, allowing o20 years for each generation. Benjamin de Tudelle, the celebrated Jewish traveller, said, in i 175, that the white co'our became perfectly black in no more than six centu' ies, and in the course of 30 generations without croiting the breed. A greater number of generations is undoubtedly necef fasy before negroes , when transplanted into our temperate countries , can entirely lose their black colour. If we examine phitofophically, and with attention, two negroes , the one of the ancient and the other of the modern race, we shall observe that those parts of the skin which are not exposed to the fun's rays, or but in a small degree, lose their colour, or at least retain but a slight teint of it, such as the arm pits, the spaces between the fingers, the inside of the hands, the space under the chin, the soles of the seer, the space between the thighs, and the lower part of the belly; whereas the head, the outside of the arms, the back, the belly, and the thoulders, being continually exposed to the air (for their (kin is their only covering), are of a blacker colour. The women who are employed in wafiling, and whose hands are consequently often in the water, have these parts almost white. In those who have received wounds, who have suffered by burnings, or who retain marks of the smallpox, the parts which were affected are of a tawny co lotr. Negroes are brought from Guinea and other coasts of Africa ,. and Cent to America and the colonies in the Weit [ 797 J Negro . Welft Indies , to cultivate tobacco, sugar , indigo, em and in Mexico and Peru to dig an the mines; and this commerce is now carried on by all the nations of Europe that have settlements in the West Indies . Mahometan nations , too, import negroes from the pagan parts of Africa , for the purpose of making them eunuchs, and guards of their harems. The best slaves for West India purposes are the negroes who are brought from Angola, Senegal, Cape Verd, the river Gambia, the kingdoms of the Jaloffes, c. (See GUINEA.) 'Ihis traffic is perhaps shocking, but it need not appear strange. Through the whole of the peninsula of Africa with which we are acquainted, slavery has been prevalent from time immemorial. In the interior parts, one class of the people are born slaves to another; and on the gold coast, a freeman is reduced to that state for crimes real or imaginary. Prisoners of war are all considered as slaves , and, together with criminals, are sold, either by one negro chief to another, or by slave brokers, to European merchants . Slaves which are born such are not permitted to be sold out of the country , unless they have been guilty of some offence which would have fubjeled them either to that irate or to death, though they had been born freemen. The crimes for which freemen are made slaves , are theft, debt, adultery, and witchcraft; and it is notr uncommon for perlbon to game themselves away. All savages have an itch for gtmes of hazard; and a negro will take his freedom on a throw of the dice. If he lose, no trial is necessary he immediately furrende, s himself to his successful anragonift.' Persons accused of crimes are tried by certain judges called Pynim's, who wear a peculiar fraw' hat as a badge of their office; and the trial is fairly conducted, according to the laws of the country , either in the marketplace or in an open court of joufice. HA irchcraft proved against a man involves in his punishment the whole family, which is always extirpated, if there be not a European merchant to buy them; and adultery committed with the wife of a great man is considered as a crime of too deep a dye to be punished with slave y either to a black or a white maflter. Such offenders a'e infliantly doomed to dearth. Human sacrifices have at all times been pratiftd in Africa ; and such is the depravity of the regro princes, that there is reason to beiieve that prifopers of war are either all sacrificed or sold to foreign , merchants . That insolvent debtors i'hoild be reduced to slavery , among a people so very barbarous, can excite no wonder, when we confider that the sarre thing took place among the Romans, in the earlier periods of the commonwealth. (See NEXI.) It likewise took place among the Jews, and all other ancient na rions; and it is apparent from the poems of Homer, that the early Greeks treated their captives, whether male or female, as part of their property. Of the slaves imported into the British colonies, great part a e brought from a great distance to the coafi; and as these exhibit little or no fymproms of uneasiness at their being sold into a foreign country , and doomed to serve mafiers whom they never saw before, the probability is, that they have been born slaves to tyrants to cruel, that no change of matlers can, in their apprehension, increase their wretchedness. Negroes born on the coast N E G are often extremely xniferable on the thoughts of be vngi ing sold to a foreign mailer; because there men were originally free, and expet such treqrtent as they have seen their own chiefs infli& upon prisoners of war, or persons who, among them, have been reduced from freedom to a stare of slavery . These