pleasure your tltters have afforded to those most dearly interested in your happiness. Though far from considering [ 113 ] fidering fortune as the " one thing needful," the exclusive object of pursuit, I cannot but with thankfulness contemplate your opening prdfpets of honourable independence. May the Giver of all good bestow upon. you a heart to enjoy, a mind superior to the reflefsnefs of ambition, and stranger to the gnawings of discontent. For the attainment of these happy dispositions, without which increase of fortune is but increase of sorrow, I know no better means (next to an habitual dependence on the Divine favour) than the pursuit of science, particularly those branches of it that are most intimately connected with your profession. "I am delighted with the success of your chemical experiments, and still more highly satisfied with the ingenuous frankness you display in so candidly acknowledging your former errors. But such must ever be the consequence of direcing our researches, not into the'wild and fruit VOL. II. I less [ 114 ] Iefs regions of idle speculation, where the chimaeras of fancy are mistaken for realities, and bold conjecture assumes the authoritative tone of truth ; but into those laws of nature that, by being objets of sense, and subject to the investigation of experiment, are within the grasp of our limited and feeble minds. "' Such speculations have, indeed, a di ret tendency to influence the moral cha ra&er of man. It is this that stamps them with their real value; for to whatever height we ascend in tracing the causes which regulate the system of the world , our views must at last terminate in an uncaused Being, in whom all the beauty and and order , all the wisdom and power, displayed throughout the universe , are centred. " When we look around us," says an amiable philosopher, in the conclusion of a volume that presented a valuable discovery to the world , " When we look around us, ' we. perceive that every part [ 115 ] part of the material world is governed by general laws ; and when we reflet that in this vast system of things, a race of beings exits, to whom the Deity has communicated a portion of his intelligence and activity, we cannot avoid concluding, that laws must have been ordained for the government of such beings, as well as for that of all other parts of the universe " "does the study of Nature lead us up to Nature's GOD. Thus does the material world itself give evidence to the probability of a revelation, and to those whose minds have been expanded by the contemplation of the union of grandeur and simplicity in the works of creation, it muss be peculiarly delightful to observe the same union of grandeur and simplicity chara&e rising the gospel of Jesus Christ. "Yes, my son, believe me, thermore you study the life and precepts of our * Treatise on Animal Heat and Combuffion. By Adair Crawford, M. D. great [ 116 ] great Master, the more forcibly will you be itruck with the congruity at which I have already hinted. But, alas! as in the in. fancy of natural philosophy , the ill direted diligence of the chemilt was wafted upon trifles, while the grand laws of nature were unnoticed and unknown; so in the Christian world , has the zeal of believers been more ifrenuoufly exerted in the support of non important forms and dogmas, than in the promulgation of those grand and fim pie truths which are marked with the signet of Nature's GOD. "I need not apologise to you, my dear Harry, for being led into a subject which, though the most important, as well as the most exalted, of which human beings can treat, it is, I know, deemed a breach of politeness to hint at even to a friend; but fhall confefs, that the impression made upon my mind by the conversation I held with Captain Delmond on his deathbed, has given an unusual degree of solemnity to the [ 117 ] the train of my ideas . Indeed the misfortunes of that unhappy family, as well as the misery that has overtaken some others of this place, so evidently originate in false impressions received of religion, as a gloomy and illiberal system of superstition, that I cannot cease from deploring the neglect of early information on this important point, as the foundation of those mistaken prejudices that are fraught with consequences so fatal to the happiness of society. "While Captain Delmond was taught to idolise the name of honour as the palladium of human virtue, religion was pre fended to his mind as a mean and inferior principle , incapable of inspiring noble sentiments in the soul of a gentleman. Had not the avenues to investigation been thus preoccupied by prejudice, he would have discovered that honour, which is nothing more than a nice susceptibility to the censure or applause of mankind ; is neither so grand in its views , so extensive in its operation, 4 [ 118 ] ration, nor so noble in its object, as that principle which teaches the heart to appeal for its purity and integrity, not to the purblind judgement of our fellow mortals, but : : o a Being of infinite purity and per fetion. While performing a part on the busy stage of life, Captain Delmond sound honour competent to the purpose of gaining him the flattering approbation of the multitude , which was reverberated by self applause; but when he proposed it as the sole principle of ation to his daughter, when he deprived her mind of the supporting aid of religion, and desired her to confider the intrinsic excellence of virtue as its own sure and only reward, he was not aware how liable ihe was to be taught by sophistry a definition of virtue very opposite to his. Had a proper value for the morality of the Gospel, enhanced by its gracious promises and elevated views , been infilled into