I may be permitted to observe, that our language is copious and expressive not only by the number of words , but by the various senses in which the same word is used: but this, although it frequently produces a beauty, sometimes renders a passage ambiguous and obscure; especially in unconne&ted aphorifins, where truth is compressed into a small compass, and can receive no illustration from antecedent or subsequent passages. Our language also seems to X to want accuracy and precision, by having no genders; so that the words , it, they, that, those, and other relatives, are not so easily referred to their particular antecedents: for this reason , perhaps, some have thought the French language better adapted to express independent truths in short maxims than ours. And indeed, if it be allowed that the English language is capable of equal perspicuity with the French, it must be acknowledged that it is at least more difficult to render it thus perspicuous, as the number of words out of which the choice is to be made is greater; and many of those that offer are so uncertain in their signification, that they may be read in a sense very different from that in which they were written: in this instance therefore, the disadvantage of our language results from its abundance, as the advantage of the French from its poverty. If my thoughts are expressed with [ XI with any degree of strength and elegance, I desire to acknowledge my obligation to the language in which I write; and if they should happen also to be expressed with perspicuity, by a happy choice of words , I muss confess that they owe this in a great degree to the advantage which resulted from my communicating them to others, and hearing their expression of my sentiment. A s to the sense which my maxims or characters contain , I offer it only as mnj opinion , and would by no means be thought to impose it upon others. I neither expec, nor think I have reason to expect, that in every particular it will be universally received as true: men differ from men too much to see objecs in the same light, or draw the same conclusions from the same principles . The reader will however, I think, easily see that my thoughts are such as naturally arose from a perusal of that 3 great [ XII great miscellany, the living world ; and are not contrived to support any favourite theory, which I had either formed or adopted in a library or a college; and therefore, before he concludes that I am mistaken, I hope he will have recourse to the lame school, and try me not by opinion but experience, not by logic but by life. BUT as I know some will charge me with error, I know also that I cannot hope to please all who admit my notions to be true. I know that our neighbours the French are pleased with a sententious and unconnected manner of writing; and that in general we are not. The cause of this difference of taste between two nations so eminent for genius and learning I hall not here attempt to assign, though I think that in some degree it might easily be done. BUT [ XIII ] BUT that I might as much as possible accommodate myself to the taste of my country, I have extended and rendered more explicit many of my short maxims , which, though' they reflected my own ideas to inyfelf, might have wanted explanation to others. I have also added characters, which in many infiances have given me an opportunity, not only of showing the reader the concatenation of ideas that has either flowed from, or produced my original maxim , but also of attempting some nicer touches of sentiment, satire, or humour. I HAVE also added omre short pieces of poetry that are not quite foreign to my general design, and some few criticilis on received opinions which did not appear to me to be just. So 0m ETIM E S the maxim is illustrated but in part, and sometimes indeed [ XIV ] indeed the maxim and character have no connexion at all. The maxims themselves are in some few instances ranged so as to throw a light upon each other, though in other instances they are wholly un conneced; and sometimes though they have a common relation to the same subject , are separated by design. It mutl be left to the intelligent reader to diffinguifh these particulars, and to see the author's different view in the various and very different parts of this work . I DOUBT not but that my book has now many defects, and it will every day have more; for such parts as allude to faflions and customs, must necessarily lose not only their force and propriety, but even their meaning, as those faflions and customs change and are forgotten; nay the finer is a stroke of satire or humour, particularly if the expression be ironical, the sooner is it liable to be lost. [ XV lost. The next winter may perhaps render me unintelligible in some parts where I am now best understood; even while I am writing my subject eludes me, and my labour may in that respect perhaps be compared to that of a painter, who should attempt to delineate the figure of a cloud, which is every moment changing its ihape, and will in a short time totally disappear. I WOULD ndt however be thought to apologise for defeets, or to solicit applause. If the public shall honour these sheets with a favourable regard in a general view , and thus make them worthy of another edition, I shall pay the utmost deference to its just censure of particular parts, and readily remove or alter what shall appear reprehensible. MY first inducement indeed to give these sheets to the world was Amy [ XVI ] my czn fatisfaeiion, and that cannot be taken from me. If I