the necessity iof n: CDI vinl pu: blic liberty. It is the dominion of the passions that continually compels us to s crifice; of our independence, that we may secure order , and all the means that tend to restore to reason its due ascendancy, and dini ish the number of sacrifices we must make of our iiuerties. I have as vet scarcely entered on the second political part; nor can I now attempt to give any more than a succina and cursory idea of it. As my mind dwells on it, I perceive that a consid erable lengthl of time will be necessary for ccl'i'in.g the various information, and instituting all the necessary researches that must contribute to forms its groundwork. But should the changes and chances of this mortal life, or the painful emotions that agitate my heart, cut short the thread of my existence, '13 3 I should be happy that some other pen would execute the plan which I have traced out to myself. The following is an imperfet view of it; but which cannot convey any idea of the whole. Our first care should be, in the analysis of ancient and modern Governments, to trace out and to discover , in the history of nations, w hat solely belongs to the nature of their respective constitutions. MONTESQUIEU, in his sublime work on the Causes of the Greatness and of the Fall of the Romlans, has promiscuously treated of the various causes that influenced the fate of that empire. To his book we must resort for information, and at the same time select from the history of other nations those events which immediately flowed from their constitutions; and perhaps it may be found that every event is derived from the same source. Nations are brought up by their Governments as children are by parental authority : but the operation of Governments on Nations is not uncertaing like that of private education on individuals. For, as 1 have already observed, the chances of hazard may operate with regard to the character of one individual, while, with regard to a collective body of men, the results are always the same. That organisation of the public power, which stimulates or represses ambition, renders this or that religious worship more or '14 3 less necessary; this or that particular penal code either too mild or too severe; or a given extent of territory either dangerous or convenient. In a word , on the idea which Nations conceive of the Social Order , depends the destiny of the human race under all its relations; and the highest degree of perfction of which it is sus. ceptible, is the acquisition of fixed notions on the subject of political knowledge . Were Nations at peace, both at home and abroad, the arts, the sciences, and discoveries of every kind would daily advance with new and more rapid strides, and philosophy would not fall back, in two Xears of civil war, from the progress it had been making during ages of tranquillity. After having fully established the primnnry importance of the nature of Constitutions, their influence must next be proved by the examina. tion of characteristic traits, drawn from the history of the manners, the administration, the literature, the art military of every nation. I shall first take a view of the countries which in ail times have been ruled by despotic power, and while I endeavour to account for their apparent difference, I xwill show that their history, as far as it regards the relation of cause and effeet, has uniformly been perfectly similar. I shall also explain the effecas that must invariably be produced on the mind of man, by the compression of his natural emotions, and E 1] that by an external force to which his reason gives no kind of assent, and over which it possesses no control. In the examination of anarchies, whether demagogical or military, it is also to be observed, that these two causes, which appear so opposite, afbfrd similar results, because in the two kinds of States the political passions are equally excited in the human mind, by the removal of all positive fears, and the vivifying influence of all unlimited hopes. In the consideration of certain States, which, from peculiar circumstances, still more than by the smallness of their extent, are utterly unable to play any principal part on the theatre of Politics, and which within themselves can open no field to the range of genius and ambition, it is curious to observe how solicitous. man is to exercise his faculties, and what eager. ness he betrays to enlarge his sphere of action, in proportion to his consciousness of powers. In States that are sunk in obscurity, the arts remain stationary, literature is neither encouraged nor advanced by that emulation which calls forth the powers of Eloquence, nor by that variety and multitude of objects of comparison, by which alone sound judgement and refined taste can with certainty be acquired. Men, rwho are deprived of vigorous occupations, have their minds daily contra6ted more and more within the circle of domestic ideas ; C 16 3 but talents, genius , and whatever man inherits as the gifts of nature , can only be expanded and improved by an unchecked intercourse \aith different societies. Among the same number of men, who remain divided and separated, without any spring of ation, or any objer of pursuit, there is scarcely ever discovered a superior mind, an ardent soul, an energetic character; while in other countries, among a similar number of individuals, many would have soared to distinguished eminence, if a suitable objeet inspired interest, and if interest stimulated them to the study and pursuit of powerful accomplishments and elevated thoughts. Without attempting to dwell on the motives of the preference which wisdom perhaps might induce us to give to obscure States as well as to obscure conditions, it easy to prove, from the very nature of mankind , that they are impelled to emerge from that situation which they