r . EL ivqi./. /'//.itp'm u Ar ca"mai' A COMPENDIOUS SYSTEM OF A S ot R on M Y, IN A COURSE OF FAMILIAR LECTURES; IN WHICH THE PRINCIPLES OF THAT SCIENCE ARE CLEARLY. ELUCIDATED, SO AS TO BE INTELLIGIBLE TO THOSE WHO HAVE NOT STUDIED THE MATHEMATICS.. ALS 0o TRIGONOMETRICAL and CELESTIAL PROBLEMS, WITH A KEY to the EPHEMERIS, AND A VOCABULARY OF THE TERMS OF SCIENCE USED IN THE LECTURES; WHICH LATTER ARE EXPLAINED AGREEABLY TO THEIR APPLICATION IN THEM. By MARGARET BRYAN. These are thy glorious Works , PARENT of good, ALMIGHTY! thine this universal frame, Thus wondrous fair; THYSELF how wondrous then! Unspeakable! who sit'at above these Heavens, To us invisible, or dimly seen In these thy lowest works ; yet these declare Thy Goodness beyond thought, and Power Divine. MILTON. LONDON. PRINTED FOR THE AUTHOR , And sold by LGH and stheny, York Street, Covent Garden; And G. KEARSL.EY, No. 46, Fleet Street. 1797. E €nteret at Btattonti0 all. ] III ] DEDICATION. To my PUPILS. ASTRONOMY being the most important Science I have had the pleasure of introducing to your acquaintance, I think, by publishing my Lectures on that subject , I shall afford you a pleasing retrospect of the sublime ideas it conveys: And as I know the recollection of the friend who delivered them will not be unpleasing to you, agreeably to your wishes, I have prefixed my portrait to these Lectures, together with those of my two dear children; hoping by the former to make a more lasting impression on your minds -- as, believe me, to be forgotten by you, would inflict a severe pang a 2 on that heart which feels for you almost parental tenderness -- the truth of which I trust you cannot doubt, as your own breasts bear testimony to the probability, and must naturally infer the certainty, of this assertion. Could it be possible to receive the repeated proofs of your affection which I have received, and not love you? No! Can I ever forget the gratulations you have annually offered me, when each countenance, glowing with assec tion or dissolving in tenderness, according as the grateful ideas flowed in your breasts, expressed more than your words ? Believe me, at those moments I have felt the most sensible sympathy thrill at my heart -- such emanations as I then received, glowed too warmly in my bosom ever to be extinguished. How I have returned your affection you best know. I had but one way of evincing my sincerity, which was, by an industrious application to such studies as would most benefit you, in which employment I was animated by the hope of a reward, and such a reward as deserved all my assiduity to attain -- no less than the present and future happiness of my dear Pupils; which, that they may all enjoy, is the ardent wish of their faithful and affectionate MARGARET BRYAN. August, 1797. [ II 3 .PREFACE. I AM well aware, that to write on subjects which have been so extensively considered, and fully delineated, by the ablest Mathematicians, and by Philosophers of the most penetrating genius , will not procure me any honour on the score of originality; yet I trust I shall not incur censure by publishing a Compendium which, according to my ideas , will render subjects , generally thought ob. scure, clear to the understanding of young people If I have failed in the attempt, through the imbecility of my judgement, I hope the motive may be my apology. I crave the indulgence of a discriminating public to a Work , the result of much thought and close reasoning and as the ideas formed of subjects confessedly among the loftiest to the human comprehension , must be imperfect; that my remarks on, and manner of digesting those which are the most popular may meet a candid reception. I know that I have no claim to the public suffrage, only on account of the clearness of my illustrations, which, as well as the diagrams, are principally original. As to the phraseology, I fear it is too deficient in ornament to procure me any credit; yet I hope the clearness of the elucidations may gloss over the imper sections of the style in which they are delivered: Had I copied that of other authors , I might perhaps have rendered these Lectures more pleasing, although less intelligible to my pupils; who, being familiar with my diction, understand my illustrations much better, as I have thence been able to deliver them more naturally and forcibly. For the minuteness of my descriptions the inferences I have taken the liberty to make and the digressions I have indulged in by way of reflection i hope to be excused by those whose superior learning does not need the first, whose judgement would lead them to make better than the second, and whose mature reason renders the last unnecessary to them; begging them to observe that these Lectures were written for my pupils, and not originally designed for public inspection. The most tender claims upon my exertions, (the nature of which may be understood from the frontispiece) seconded by the encouragement of my friends, having tempted me to risk the decision of the public, with diffidence I submit to its fiat; not wishing to procure one devoid of judgement, but such as the light of the understanding, mingling with the feelings of sentiment without obscuring them, may justify. I have not presumptuously offered opinions , without having previously digested those of the best writers on the subject ; or attempted to elucidate without due observation of the principles of this Science. For this mental exertion, I expect some countc nance from those whose extensive learning and liberality lead them to judge impartially for they, rising superior to the false and vulgar prejudices of many, who suppose these subjects too sublime for female introspection, (ascribing to mental powers the feebleness which characterises the constitution) invalidate the idea , by affording all laudable exertions their avowed patronage .ac knowledging