obstinately fixed in the prejudices of the authors with whom they they have converted, as if these prejudices were the produce of their own imaginations. Hence proceed those opposite opinions among the speculative part of mankind , in regard to popular and monarchical privileges. All men can acquire the jargon of terms, terms, but the depth of science is only to be attained by genius . The greater proportion of ignorance there may be in a disputant, the more re lutant he is to give way to reasoning which contradits the borrowed opinions he has taken in the gross; he looks with a sovereign contempt on his antagonist, not because he can confute his arguments, but because his arguments contradict the tenets which have been laid down by Hobbes, and other writers of that Ramp. Unequal to the combat, he fkirmifies at a distance, wilfully converses in generals , and never enters into those particulars which may investigate the subject . Men like there, without the desire of attaining truth , wrangle but for victory; and if they have sense enough to see their mistakes, they never have candour enough to acknowledge them. THE general education of the Eng lifi youth is not adapted to cherifll those those generous sentiments of Independency, which is the only characteristic of a real gentleman. The business of the public schools is nothing more than to teach the rudiments of grammar, and a certain degree of perfection in the Latin and Greek tongues. Whilst thelanguages of these once illuftrous nations are the objects of attention, the divine precepts which they taught and practised are totally neglected. From the circle of these barren studies , the schoolboy is transplanted into the university . Here he is supposed to be initiated in every branch of knowledge which diftinguiihes the man of education from the ignorant herd; but here, as I am told and have great reason to believe are taught dotrines little calculated to form patriots to support and defend the privileges of the subject in this limited monarchy. " In these seats of education, says an ingenious author , instead of being formed formned to love their country and con r.itution, the laws and liberties of it, they are rather disposed to love arbitrary. government, and to become slaves to absolute monarchy. A change of interest, provocation, or some other consideration, may set them right as to the public; but they have no inward principle of love to their country and of public Liberty; so that they are easily brought to like slavery, if they may be made the tools of managing it." The study of history is little cultivated in there seminaries;; not at all those fundamental principles of the Englih constitution on which our ancestors founded a fyitcm of government, in which the Liberty of the subject is as absolutely instituted as the dignity of the sovereign. Yet the knowledge of these fundamental principles are as necelary to underfand this system of government, as the knowledge of them was necessary to construct it. VOL. I. a THE THE form of the constitution may be preserved, when the spirit of it is lost; and nothing is more. likely to happen, whilst those persons who are appointed to maintain it are ignorant of those fundamental principles , whereon the barriers which defend civil liberty from prerogative are founded. Prejudice with a love of slavery, or at least ignorant of the advantages of Liberty, the last part of the education of the men of fortune in this country is what is called the tour of Europe; that is, a residence for two or three years in the countries of France and Italy. This is the finishing firoke, which renders them useless to all the good purposes of preserving the birthright of an Englishman. Without being able to distinguish the different natures of different governments, their advantages, their disadvantages; .without being able to comprehend how infinitely they affect the interest 7 and and happiness of individuals, they grow charmed with everything which is foreign, are caught with the gaudy tinsel of a superb court, the frolic levity of unrefleaing slaves; and thus, deceived by appearances, are riveted in a tape for servitude. THESE are the causes which occasion the irrational inclinations of many of the English people in regard to government: and would to God that these, though very important in themselves, were the only ones which Liberty had to fear. In forming this government, a latent evil crept into the vitals of the ate, and hath in the course of time poisoned every part of the constitution. Corruption, that undermining mischief, hath apped the foundation of a fabric, whose building was cemented with the blood of our best citizens. The growing evil hath spread far and wide, tainted the a 2 minds minds of men with such an incurable degeneracy, that the virtue of., our forefathers is become the ridicule of every modern politician. It is become an etablifhed maxim , that corruption is a neceliary engine of government. There are some among us who have not been ashamed to say, that it is proper for the other parts of the legislature to depend on the monarch by corruption. How opposite this is to the genius andfpirit of our constitution, is too apparent to need a proof. That the consequences of it are already severely felt in this country, our debts and heavy taxes fatally demonstrate: How destructive it is to every virtue which pre serves society, or dignifies human na ture, is also apparent. This is a but certain truth , that corruption is so general among us that it has dissolved the sacred bonds of mutual trust. By the in influence of bribery, every man in. these days has a triple temptation to sin a gains his country: The emoluments of favour; the fear of being laughed at for his honesty of being abandoned by his associates, and left single to tarnd the insults of a victorious faction. IF I have digressed from the ub.