they have eonverfed, as if these prejudices were the produce of their own imaginations. Hence proceed those opposite opinions among the peculative part of mankind in regard to popular and monarchical privileges. All men can acquire the jargon of terms, but the depth of science is only to be attained by genius . The greater proportion of ignorance there may be in a disputant, thermore relutant he is to give way to reasoning that contradits the borrowed opinions which he has taken in the gross; he looks with a Sovereign contempt on his. antagonist, not because he can confute his arguments,. but because his arguments contradict the tenets that have been laid down by Hobbs, and other writers of that: Pamp. Unequal to the combat, he skirmishes at a distance, wilfully converses in generals , and never enters into those particulars which may invefrigate the subject . Men like there, without the desire of attaining truth ,. wrangle but for victory; and if they have sense enough to see their mistakes, they never have candour enough to acknowledge them. THE general education of the English youth is not adapted to eherith those generous sentiments of independency, which is the only charaderific of a real gentleman, The business of the public schools is nothing more more than to teach the rudiments of gramnmar, an ' a certain degree of perfecion in the'latin andd oreek tongues. Whilst the languages of these rce; illustrious nations are the objects of attention, the divine precepts hich they taught and practised are totally negleced. From the circle of there barren studies , the schoolboy is transplanted into the university . Here he is fuppdfed to be initiated in every branch of knowledge which'dif tinguifhes the man of education from the ignorant herd but here, as I am told and have great reason to believe, are taught dotrines little calculated to form patriots'to Support and defend the privileges of the subject in this limited monarchy. "- In there seats of education, says an ingenious author , inrtead of being formed to love their country and constitution, the laws and liberties of it, ' they are rather disposed to love arbitrary government, and to become slaves to absolute monarchy. A change of interest, provocation, or some other consideration, may set them right as to the public; but they have no inward principle of love to their country and of 'public liberty; so that they are easily brought to like slavery, if they may be made the tools for managing it.'' 'The study of history is little cultivated in the'fetfeminiries', and not at all those fundamental principles of tife English confsitution on which our ancestors founded a fyfiem of government, in which the liberty of the fubje&is as absolutely instituted: as the dignity .f the; fovereivfh. I take this opportunity of mentioning the late excellent institution in Yet the knowledge of these fundamental principles are as necessary to underhand this system of government, as the knowledge of them was necessary to conftrut it. THE form of the conititution may be preserved, when the spirit of it is lost; and nothing is more likely to happen, whilst those persons who are constituted to maintain it, are ignorant of those fundamental principles , on which the barriers, that defend civil liberty from prerogative, are founded. Prejudiced with a love of slavery, or at leafi ignorant of the advantages of liberty, the last part of the education of the men of fortune in this country, is what is called the tour of Europe, that is a residence for two or three years in the countries of France and Italy. This is the finishing firoke that renders them useless to. all the good purposes of preserving the birthright of an Englishman. Without being able to distinguish the different natures of different governments, their advantages, their dif advantages; without being able to comprehend how infinitely they affect the interest and happiness of individuals, they grow charmed with everything that is so reignj are caught with the gaudy tilifel of a fuferb in the university of Oxford; of a profession of the common O law or England; which, if carried on with the same ability and spirit thar Ur. Backftone has begun it, must be produaive of the greatest public utility. *-~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~- Colli to. court, the frolic levity of unrefleting ilaves, and thus deceived by appearances, are riveted in a tafie for servitude. THESE are the causes which occasion the irrational inclinations of many of the English eople in regard to government: and would to God that these, though' very important in themselves, were the only ones th, t liberty had to fear. In forming of this government a latent evil crept into the vitals of the state, and hath in. the course of time poisoned every part of the constitution. Corruption, that undermining mischief, hath. apped the foundation of a fabric, whose building was cemented with the blood of our best citizens.. The growing evil hath spread fr and wide, tainted the minds of men with such an incurable degeneracy, that the virtue of our forefathers is become the ridicule of every modern politician. IT is become an established maxim , that corruption is a necessary engine of government. There are ome amongst us who have not been ashamed to say, that it is proper for the other parts of the legislature to depend on the monarch by corruption. How opposite this is to the genius and spirit of our constitution, is too apparent to need a proof. That the consequences of it are already severely felt in this country, our debts and heavy taxes fatally demonstrate. How deflrudive it is to 7 every every virtue that preserves ociety, or. dignifies human nature , is as apparet. 'Thiis is a but certain truth , that corruption is 'f general 'atong(ft us that it has dissolved the sacred bonds of nrtitual trust. By the influence of bribery, every man in these days has a triple temptation to sin against his