follow the intention of Providence, who has commanded the observance of nothing which tends not to his felicity, even upon earth, and whose only motive of giving him virtue as a law , was to insure his happiness in not letting him depend upon the extent of his own knowledge , and to ilipply by obedience the want of lights to his reason ! Rousseau is reproached with giving too late to his pupil the knowledge of (76) of a God; this truth of sentiment might be.known before the development of the faculties of the mind. I am not however certain that this sublime word in the enigma of the world would not be mofl striking to him who should first learn when capable to conceive it. It has been frequently remarked that daily wonders no longer excite our astonishment. A great idea which a child reduces to the level of his own understanding, compares with what he knows, and confounds with the little thoughts of his age, is less august in his eyes than if for the first time it spread torrents of light upon the darkness of the universe . Rousseau believed, both in mind and heart, the existence of God, How fine is his letter to the Archbishop of Paris! What advantage has real phi. lofophy over most religious sects, when it does not attempt to ihake the eternal basis of all belief! What a masterpiece of eloquence in sentiment, of metaphysic in proofs, is the profession of faith of the Savoyard ( 77 " Savoyard Vicar Rousseau was the only man of genius of his time who refpeeted thereligious principles of which we fiand so much in'need; he consults natural instinct, and afterwards gives all the force of his reflection to prove it to his reason . Philosophy rejects there intimate and involuntary persuasions which proceed not from calculation and the meditation of the mind. But I think he is far preferable who lends them the support of his senses, endeavours to fortify them in me, and far from opposing my reason to my instinct, endeavours to unite them to bear down the scale and put an end to the conflict. The profession of the Sa. voyard Vicar was justly admired as a series of strong and profound reasoning , which, in the whole, formed an opinion that was joyfully adopted in the midst of the errors of fanatics and atheists. But this work was but the forerunner of the book , which has given us a new xra in the history of reason , since it has extended its empire; of 78) of that book , which seemed to anticipate the life to come, by discovering the secrets which are one day to be divulged to us; of that book , which mankind united might present to the Supreme Being as the greatest step they have ever made towards him; of that book , which the name of the author consecrates and places beyond the reach of the contempt of mediocrity, since it was the greatest administrator of the age in which he lived, the genius the most brilliant and just, who desired to be heard upon that which men wished to reject as vague and obscure; of that book , the sublime and majestic sensibility of which describes the author loving mankind , as this ought to be cherished by the guardian angel of the earth. Pardon me, Rouffiau: my work is consecrated to thee, and yet another is become the object of my veneration! Thou thyself, thou above all others, in thy heart passionately fond of humanity , wouldst have honoured him, who ( 79) who long pondering upon man's existence on earth, after having indicated all advantages he may derive from a good government, has wished to prevent his most cruel misfortunes by producing a calm in his agitated mind, and thus giving the chain of thoughts which form all his destiny. Rousseau knew how to admire, and as he never wrote but from the impulsion of his mind, vain jealousies did not enter his heart. He would have felt a strong desire to commend him whom I dare not name, him whom I approach without fear, since I see nothing in him but the objec of my tenderness, but for whom, when I contemplate him at a distance, I more than any person am penetrated with respect: finally; him whom posterity, like the age in which he lives, will distinguish by all the titles of genius , but whom my destiny and my affection permit me to call my father. LET( () L ETTER IV Of the Political Works of Rouefau; F all the subjects that have a claim to our attention, the constitution of governments is undoubtedly the most important, as well as the most difficult to understand. The legislator who should know how to form a political body, unite its members by a common and immutable interest, assemble in his thoughts all the inconvenience and advantages that the shock of men's passions, the union of their faculties, the influence of climate, and the power of neighbouring empires might produce: he who should know how to contain and direct by laws made to ( 8i) to last for ever, the people who mhould have confided themselves to his genius , would have conceived the greatest pro je possible, and have associated himself, so to speak, to the glory of the creation of the world , in giving to the inhabitants of it universal and necessary laws like those of nature . But the human mind did not take in a moment the immense step from a savage to a civil state; ideas were slowly developed; circumstances have sometimes produced such happy in fcitutions, that reflection ought to envy chance the glory of them. Most governments have been formed by the course of time and events, and the knowledge of their nature and principles has frequently followed rather than preceded their eftablifiment. The work therefore which gives us a thorough knowledge of the first basis of the social contract ,