with his views greatly enlarged, not of exterior nature only, and the works of art, but of human life and manners; the connecions and religious establishments , the constitution and and policy of the several states and kingdoms of Europe. He was handsome in his peffon, agreeable in his manner, and joined to the fptightlinefs of conversation an uncommon solidity of judgement. Let the conversation turn on history, fable, or philosophy , his memory laid before hini everything he had read , his judgement made him quote it a propos; his vivacity made him the recital pertinently agreeable, and his genius inspired him with delicacy and taste. He underrlood most arts, without practising them; and without being himself a poet, he understood poetry. He spoke of everything as a man who understands what he is speaking of, and contented himself with letting it occasionally be seen that he was a connoi.eur in all matters of tarte and elegance, though he professed only being being an admirer of them. He could, with great judgement, point out the beauties of a fine pi&ture, without loading his description with a vile jargon of technical terms, ill understood, and consequently misapplied. When others talked of certain inexplicable delicacies, nameless graces, and other fine terms, he always reserved his raptures till he received his convicion. He confined his examination of ob je&s merely intellecual, entirely to those simple truths which reason confirms, and whose beneficial influence on the happiness of our particular system , as well as on the general good, is sufficient to demonfirate their excellence. He employed himself principally in the mathematical sciences, in examining the powers and properties of natural things, and and in astronomy. In flhort, he had Rudied that part of speculative philosophy , which, with the assistance of the senses, and careful reasoning , leads to a clear, though by no means a complete knowledge of nature , and her majeflically simple and beneficent laws . And was of opinion , as natural philosophy serves to adorn the mind, and gratify a laudable spirit of inquiry, it held the first rank in recreative sciences. Sir John had early informed him, that had not logic been reduced in the schools to a heap of frivolous subtleties, the study of it would be necessary to those who are born to secure to mankind , the peaceable enjoyments of their rights and properties; but they muff seek elsewhere for rules of manners and equity; and which with a little application, they may may extract from this general maxim , love thy neighbour as thyself, and do na thing unto himt, which thou would?? have done unto thee. Sir John had cautioned his son to beware of diving too deeply into divinity, and of seeking to understand fyllogiins, which have been formed with no other dfign but that they might not be understood : reason herself maybe lot byr refinement . The wit of the fchonlmen, like the righteousness of the Scribes and Pharisees, confifed much in the straining at gnats, and swallowing of camels; for they that are curious in subtleties, and ignorant in things of solid knowledge , prove themselves mere triflers. Mr. Filmer had profited by the great attention which had been paid him by his excellent parents, and, to fuin up his charater, it was totally different l ronl from that of the modern fine gentleman. For to paint the characer of one of these, he mutl be above all rule, re firi&ion, and order ; despise, and ridicule everything which is sacred, disregard all ties of duty, bid defiance to every principle and sentiment of honour, any farther than to accept a challenge, or pay debts contracted by gaming. As to tradefinen, superior beings like these, confider them as poor reptiles; and that they ought to live upon their indufirv and labour, even to the ruin of their honest families, are doctrines generally maintained by a modern fine gentleman. Mr. Filmer had never been weak enough to be subdued by imitation, so as to be reduced into current follies; and become good for nothing by the force of example. Nothing, howv however, is so common as that slim fey pliancy, that imbecility of character, which renders so many young men the victims of false shame. ofttimes, from an excess of modesty, pr iheepifli diffidence, people dare not form an opinion of their own, but are content to be led by those of others. Our innate consciousness is prior and superior to logic and cafuifry; therefore we should never venture on any ation where we have the least doubt of its propriety; nor ever entertain such a low opinion of our own understanding, or so high a one of others, as to comply with anything without perfectly comprehending it. I am convinced we are indebted for all our miseries to our diftruff of that guide which providence allotted us, our own natural reason . The uninformed herd herd of mankind are governed by words and names, which they implicitly receive without either knowing or alking the meaning, The polite world also, to save their valuable time and trouble, adopt, and use words in the signification of the day; not having leisure, nor inclination to analyse them; and thus often milled by sounds, and not always secured by 2/nfe, they are hurried into fatal errors, which they do not give their understandings fair play to prevent. To understand, is the effect of thinking; and when we confider they never think, can we be surprised at their deficiencies! It is natural amongst men that are ignorant of what governs their own thoughts, and those of others, to wonder at any person whose ideas dif ser from their own; not considering that, : s reason is ever unvariable, the same VOL. II G diver diversity of judgement and opinion , causes the same attonifhment on the other fide: but, when we come to confider, it is no more to be wondered at, than that they are unlike in their faces. For the same argument must have different effeas