senseless idolaters: They not only wor hipping brute beasts, but reptiles, and even vegetables. In the Assyrian empire, celebrated for political grandeur , the intel leciual energies hone with a high degree of scientific splendour. Here it was that astronomy had birth. Yet the men who could calculate the motions and number of the heavenly bodies; were themselves eu fiared by their very knowledge . Their fchleme ofjudicial Astrology, rendered them the slaves of superstition, and the abject victims of a system which imagination had armed at all points with terror. Here we behold the human intellect, making bold advances to the arcanum of truth ; yet unhappily it sloped {hort, and instead of discovering the one infinite intelligence ; it absurdly invetled matter with an imaginary divinity. ( 8) divinity. -- What stronger proof can be demanded, of the imbecility of reason , in the appreciation of divine things? the Phoenicians, as a maritime people, are first on Tecord. Their commerce, extended to every port of the then known world , pre. supposes an advanced late of the arts and sciences: Yet here also, idolatry prevailed in a variety of horrid superstitions; and civilised humanity , scrupled not the offering of human sacrifices. Come we next to the polite ages of greece and Rome; when science and learning were at the height, and Philosophy had generally softened the fierceness of human nature . Yet amidst all the advantages of mental refinement , chaotic darkness brooded over the mind in refpet of divine knowledge ; and the most enlightened intellect was clouded with error and confusion. An almoftendlefs catalogue of male and female Idols, divided the religious homage of mankind . Which multitudinous group, confited of dead men deified; divine attributes, moral virtues, and human passions personified. And to most of those imaginary deities, such actions and characters were ascribed, as an honest Greek or Roman, would not have had imputed to himself: While the mysterious rites conne&ted with those superstitions; were disgraceful to reason , and repugnant to humanity . What then must have been the moral (9) moral charac'er of mankind , when religion itself inculcated every species of licentiousness and sensual impurity? and yet, such is the well known pi6ture of human nature , during the lapse of four thousand Years but where was then the boarted power of natural religion, of which we hear so much in our day? Let us not however be amused with figures and modes of speech, without appreciating their real and precise meaning. What then is natural religion? I know it is common with many, to confound the idea of it, with that of deism. As though the rational notions , which some unbelievers entertain of the divine essence and character, were indeed the religion of nature . But this is a great mistake. A European infidel, is not the genuine pupil of nature . He is the creature of education; and local custom has taught him to blend his rational conceptions of Deity, with the earliest as fociation of ideas . Would we know what natural religion is, we muss inquire how much of divine truth is apprehended by the intuition of native ideas alone; and I believe it will be found amounting to this: - viz. Every human individual doth from the consciousness ofexiftence, naturally and necessarily conceive, of some supreme preexistent cause of being: Whom he is morally bound to worthip; and whose good. will it is his interest to secure. This is a sentiment ( 10) sentiment, common both to the savage and the philosopher: And this I understand to be strictly and properly, what is called natural religion. For all beyond, is conveyed to the mind by external agency. And fim pie reason having drawn this grand outline, can proceed no further. It being undeniable, that natural religion has never been able to ascertain the essential properties of its object; or to prescribe a fyltem of religious worship, adapted to the moral condition and intellectual nature of man. Therefore from the universal experience of mankind , I infer that there are no powers inherent in the human mind, which are competent to discover the knowledge of God, and the mode ofaccefs to his favour. Nor is this conclusion at all invalidated, by the proofs which may be adduced of a better light having here and there been apparent in the heathen world . Enlightened individuals of different countries, and at different periods, have discovered just conceptions of God: While the people everywhere continued immersed in the grossest Idolatry. And you must allow that a just estimate of the natural properties of reason , can only be formed by a standard comprising all the variations of moral or social condition. This standard, is none other than the conm mon mass of mankind . And can no more be affected by a few individul examples of former ( II) former ages, than at this day the ordinary measure of the human intellect, is asseted by the genius of a Newton. but to bring the question to a more decisive issue, I demand if there exist any fatisfacory evidences, that the accurate perceptions of those individuals were derived from their own innate flock of ideas . so far from this being proved, there are reasonable grounds for believing, that in whatever degree, any just apprehensions of God have obtained in the heathen world , they were drawn from another source, than the mere light of nature . IF IT BE MANS TRUE INTEREST TO SECURE THE FAVOUR OF DEITY, AND REASON YIELDS NO DECISIVE DIRECTION TO THAT END: MIGHT not A DIVINE REVELATION HAVE BEEN EXPECTED? I judge sich an expectation to be perfectly agreeable to reason . For although' the human mind has devised a variety of conceptions concerning the nature and will of Deity, this seems a point in, hich the sentiments of all mankind have always met. The ancient mythology of most nations, suggests under one figure or another, the idea of moral renovation to be effeced by some special divine agency; and the multitude in every country, has ever been ready to