habitable Globe. In pursuance of these sublime ideas the prophecies must necessarily take in a prodigious trat of time, and involve the fate of many kingdoms and people; and such is in fat the case, from the .time of Moses to the closing of the scripture canon, we have a pre died series of events running through all intervening ages to the present time, and stretching (63) firetching beyond us to the consummation of all things. Several eminent expositors have laudably employed their talents and learning , in illustrating the exaa fulfilling of those prophecies, as they relate to different nations and periods of time; and thus a standing evidence of the divine origin of scripture has been provided for the conviction of all successive ages. But we live at a crisis when all the prophetic lines appear to draw nearer each other, as if about to unite in some es fulgent point; in contemplating the great and awful events which are taking place in the nations around us, I see at this day, the firiking accomplishment of prophecies delivered two thousand, or four thousand years ago; and the arcanum of providence is so far disclosed, that we discern others most important and glorious in their nature ready to be fulfilled at no very distant period. Now it is impossible for a thinking mind not to be satisfied of the divine inspiration of the sacred writngs. Forthoughthe human understanding is capable by moral experience, of looking a little way into the course of events, and can in some measure form a probable eftimateof theconfequencesof human ation; yet how limited is such penetration, and how often is that little foresight baffled by unforeseen contingencies. Who then could reveal the rise and fall of empires; the re. volutions of slates and the characters of na. tions ( 64) tions, ' through so vast a succession of ages, but He, who had the comprehensive plan existing in his eternal mind, and is of power sufficient to accomplish every purpose of his will, and every aim of his universal government. IS THE HISTORY OF THE JEWS OF IMPORTANCE TO US? Considered merely as a civil record it will not appear so, but viewed in connexion with the grand scope of the Bible it will be found of the greatest importance to all descriptions of mankind . It having been the will of God from the beginning that men should worihip him in and through the Mediator he had appointed, it was consistent with his infinite Wisdom and goodness to make provision in his moral government of the world , for the perpetuation of the religion which himself had revealed to Adam. There was then a beautiful propriety in the felecion of one family for this benevolent purpose, at a time when the knowledge of sacred truth began to be everywhere obscured. The calling of Abraham took place when the descendants of Noah had multiplied into nations, and the foundations of mighty empires were laid; and here the sacred penman turns from general history to the particular affairs of this one chosen family, which being constituted the trustees of the divine promises, were of more real consequence than all other beings 9a ( 65) on the face of the earth yet made no conspicuous figure till the Exodus, or departure from Egypt; when idolatry had taken a general spread, and the human mind had lost every rational perception of divine things. At this period ofincreafing ignorance and error, I behold the Israelites emancipated from slavery, and raised to political consequence, not by the partial regard of heaven towards them; for as men, all the families of the earth must equally participate the favour of the universal parent; but to the end that by their moral experience, the world might be inftruted in the principles of divine truth . Therefore regarding them as instruments chosen and employed by the Almighty, in subordination to his purpose of bringing all men to the knowledge and obedience of his revealed will; everything relative to this people, is of general significancy and importance to all descriptions of mankind . I apprehend that the jewiff polity, was a constituted testimony to the truth and will of God, in two especial instances: First, as the religious system , exemplified the substantials of revealed religion, .or the mode of a sinners' acceptance with the Deity; and upon attentive examination, the levitical institution will be found to shadow forth the fundamental doctrines of the gospel, from the yearly entrance of the High Priest with. in the vail, to the. most trivial circumstance (i (66) (if in this view anything can be called trivial,) of the ceremonial law . The world was emphatically taught the essentials of chritlianity, through all ages of the jewish national existence; and christians now, and to the latest period of time, will from those records ascertain their religion, to be coeval with the being of man. But further, the hifory of Israel, is of importance to us, inasmuch as it elucidates the doctrine of a superintending providence, ruling and directing the affairs of mankind . Under that extraordinary mode of government Rfiled a Theocracy, the Almighty manifeftedhimfelf as president or head of the state; by sensible tokens of his immediate presence, and by the peculiar administration of public affairs, those purpofesof his moral government were explicitly understood, which in the ordinary course of things, can be known only by their effect. Now when we confider, how much of true religion consists in a due apprehension of God, as the supreme arbiter of events, it will appear that the jewifi Theocracy, was not the result of partiality towards a particular people; but rather a speaking picture of truths , which all rational creatures are concerned to underifand. Thus, when the Lord assures the people that he would deliver such an army into their hands, or establish such a family on the throne, the then exifiing nations were led to ( 67) to recognise the supremacy of the eternal Godhead; and