ceases to be an evil, and becomes good; a privilege to the believer! Hence I learn , that redemption by Jesus Christ, was no accidental remedy applied to an unforeseen contingence. No, the redeemer of men, was in the eye of God when he laid the foundations of the world ; this orb was reared, a kingdom for the Messiah; for whom, and in whom all things con sift. Time itself commenced its course for him, and shall continue no longer, than till he has accomplished the number of his will. ling subjects . Here are then no random strokes, but all is the result of a plan, existing in the infinite mind of Deity from all eternity: A plan, the grandeur and mag. nitude of which, prove its original; for what is there in the boldest efforts of human genius , that bears any similitude thereto? The best and wisest institutions, framed by great and benevolent minds, with a view to improve the condition of humanity , have not been proof against political and moral changes; nor have they been capable of operation, ( 42) operation, beyond a certain extent:. But the fciiptures unfold a system of human conduct; which is of universal and immutable fitness. When was the age, where the community, or what the description of men, to which it has been found inapplicable? Empires, have risen, and become annihilate; local circumstances have varied; and the mind of man, has undergone many a revolution, from the influence of civil, or moral causes; still the energies of this syster have remained unaffected, through all the vicissitudes of sublunary things; and equally apply to the condition of man, in liberty, or slavery;. in the social, or savage slate. Under the beams of intelledcual refinement , or beneath the gloomy thade of ignorance, here is still a constitution, which meliorates, beautifies and ennobles, the character of human nature ! The duties enjoined, the motives suggested, and the principles imparted, by the religion which is built on the faith of Christ crucified; are not only adapted to the direction and comfort of individuals; but have a direct tendency, to extirpate whatever is inimical to the well being of society; and to draw forth into acion, all which is great, generous and amiable, in the 'sentiments of a rational foul: And consequently, to produce that moral beauty and order , which is the desideratum of speculative 'ifdom, and'the prototype of right reason . In «.4... -..... ( 43) In the kingdom of Providence, we belold the frame of nature moving by laws assigned at the formation of all things; laws which have required no revision, through the lapse of six thousand years. In the kingdom of grace, we have a system framed at the commencement of time, and frill preserving its energetic powers, without the necessity of modification, through the same revolution of ages. Both dispensations have that common characder, which demonstrates a corn mon origin; and it must, I think, be wilful blindness or deplorable inattention, which does not discern that he who gave to matter its immutable laws , and he who prescribed the doctrines of redemption, is open and the same INFINITE ETERNAL MIND! Upon the whole, I am necessitated to observe in the sacred writings, that consistency of design, that harmony of relations, that uncircumfcribed utility, and that perfect agreement with the preconceptions of reason in all respects, as amount to complete internal evidence of their divine original; and therefore, I cannot refuse acquiescence in the mode of salvation by the Lord Jesus Christ; without acting contrary to the light of reason , and the didiates of natural religion; and proving myself a wilful rebel against the authority of the universal Sovereign. E i ( 44) IS THERE ANY EXTERNAL EVIDENCE, OF THE DIVINE ORI. GINAL OF THE BIBLE? There is the clearest external evidence of this which a rational being can desire: That which I hall especially notice, is the visible attestation of a divine authority , which has attended the writersand teachers of scriptural dcclrines in greater or less degree. There are two propositions which the human understanding assents to as axioms requiring no speculative illustration; an: ely, that a power to control the operations of nature , mutt be especially granted by the author and governor of nature : And secondly, that God who is essentially true, could not communicate his power in the confirmation of fallhood. The natural and rational inference from hence is, that if a person as fuming the propletic character, is enabled to prove his divine mission by unequivocal signs of an authority delegated by the Deity, he is what he pretends to Le, a teacher sent from God. This is an argument which no fophifiry can invalidate, though it may perplex; for what truth is there moral or physical, which a vain phiiofophy has not at some time insulted. But as often as the proposition simply recurs, the mind will spontaneously decide for herself, independent of foreign influence. As a prophet, or divinely inspired person, Moses stands fore nioft in the cannon of the old testament, both ( 45) both as tc order of time, and the importance of his office: He it was, who declaring the degeneracy of man, made known the way of acceptance by a Mediator, or the promised seed, he laid the platform of a spiritual building, by revealing that fyrfem of religion, which infinite wisdom appointed to be the religion of the whole human species; and was commiffiuned to collec a church or people, who hold profess this religion in the face of the idolatrous world . He acted as the legislator of that people, in the efta bli{hing both their civil and sacred constitutions; and declared that in those things, he officiated by especial command of God. Now this assertion was supported by a display of miraculous gifts, by an authority over the ordinary course of nature , and by visible displays of the divine glory, witnetf ing to his charadcer and condut: It is therefore impoffille for me in