it soon became obscured by the fables of imagination; and at length totally lost, to all the purposes of rational and spiritual devotion. In one branch of Noah's family, it was preserved. and about four hundred years after the deluge, we find Abraham of the line of Shem, appearing the progenitor of the Jewish nation. Now here it is important to acquire, how much of the tradition we are tracing, might have been understood by this eminent person; and by what means it was acquired. Andwe find that he might be put inpoffeffion of this sacred treasure, by Shem; who lived till after the Abrahamic covenant was efia bliflled. So that, although Abraham, in point of time, lived at the distance of two thousand years from Adam; yet in the order of ( 59) of communication, he was but the third from him. For Abraham we see, might receive the tradition, from Shemn; who had heard it from Methuselah; and Methufeiah from Adam. So that inpoint of authenticity, and exactness, it fell nothing short of a written memorial, at the time of its transmission, to the Hebrew family; which henceforth, became its peculiar guardians. For the promise given in general terms to Adam, that a Redeemer hold arise from among his posterity; was now renewed to Abraham by a covenant, fixing the Messiah's descent, to his direct issue. Which privelege imparted to his descendants a personal interest in the preservation of ancient tradition, as conned. ed with the true knowledge of God and his purposes concerning man. Therefore I cannot suppose that at the liberation of this family, little more than two hundred years after the death of Jacob, there was a single individual of it, numerous as that race was now become, who had not a clear comprehension of all things from the beginning of time, and who would not fail to compare the Mosaic history with the received opinions and belief of preceding generations , and thus ground a reception of the writing, on a moral certainty of its accuracy and truth . I conclude then, on what appears to me the dicates of common-sense; that the sysem of revealed religion has always obtained in the F 3 world ; ( 6o) world and that with refpet to the book of Genesis, Moses was not considered by his contemporaries as an author , but merely a compiler, collecting and committing to writing, that knowledge of ancient facts which hitherto had been preserved by memory, and floated down the stream of time in the medium of oral tradition. At the same time they had sensible demonstration that he a6ted under the immediate inspiration of the God of truth , and consequently was guided in this undertaking by that divine influence which would infallibly secure him from error or imposition, in the discharge of this important work . And for my own part, when I reflect on the condition of mankind where this written truth hath not extended, I cannot but confess the warmest gratitude to the Almighty, that by the special inspiration of Moses he has graciously secured such a fund of sacred knowledge for our use, which otherwise we know by experience would have been totally hidden from the children of men; and a world of intellectual beings had lain in mental darkness, ignorant of God and the mode of his acceptable worihip; ignorant of themselves; their origin, work and final designation. Reviewing the several books of Scripture in conne6tion with those of Moses, I see not a collection of detached writings or desultory matter, but a compendium of dotrines eciablifhed ( 6i) efiablifhed on unity of principle , and terminating in coincidence of views and design: For the sacred books though written at very distant intervals of time, by men of different talents, education and rank in society, have the same relation to each other as the component parts of a large and beautiful buiid ing. As literary compositions they have theirdiftin&t chaiacters of historical, didactic, miscellaneous or prophetic; yet viewed as a whole, they present one harmonious system , one truth supported and revealed by a variety of constituent parts; which remarkable agreement proves the several writers , to have been influenced by the same indivisible Being, (in whose infinite mind the plan itself originated,) so far as was necessary to their recording or declaring whatever was essential to the illustrating his divine administration, and enlarging the conceptions of mankind , with regard to spiritual objets. At the same time the writer was left to express his ideas according to the natural bent of his genius , educational attainments, or habits of life; and hence we may discern under a variety of style and diction, one common view of the divine chara&cer; of human depravity; and of redemption by a promised Saviour. But chiefly and finally; I apprehend the divine inspiration of scripture is proved by prophecy; there are scattered throughout the sacred books , occasional pre diaions ( 62) didions of future events, relative to the Jews, or the neighbouring nations; the speedy accomplishment of which'fometimes attested the special inspiration of the speaker or writer in his own life time; at oath times the predi&tions were fulfilled at a later period. However the Jews had from age to age, satis fa6ory proofs of the divine mission of their prophets; but that which to us forms evidence irresistible, is the general mass of scrip. ture prophecy, the united scope of which relates to the commencement, progress and final success of that mediatorial kingdom, which God had determined to set up in the world , in the person of the Messiah. And though in the grandeur of those views , the prophets sometimes pause as it were, to denounce the doom of then existing nations or individuals, they seem impatient to return to their main objet, and exert if I may so speak, all the divine afflatus, in anticipating the glory of latter ages, when by the decree of Deity the Redeemer hall efiablifh his kingdom over every part of the