admit the grossest absurdities, which art or ambition has imposed under colour of divine sanction. This very credulity, which has everywhere characterised our species, ( 12) species, is to me at least, a tacit proof that the presentiments of man universally concur in the reasonableness and probability of a divine revelation. For how is such a general disposition to be accounted for, otherwise than by supposing it a simple dicate of the mind; that the exigencies of mankind both require, and from the kindness of heaven it might be expected to receive, some supernatural illumination as to the purposes of moral condu6t and happiness. BY WHAT MARKS, WOULD YOU DISTINGUISH A DIVINE REVELATION, FROM THE INVENTIONS OF HUMAN IMPOSTURE? A divine revelation, is to be discriminated by its own internal chara6cers, answering to certain perceptions within the breast of the object. In the first place, it will make known things above reason ; for this, the rotion of a revelation necessarily implies. And I have no good grounds, for supposing that to be a special message from heaven, which makes known no more than was previously to be apprehended, by natural intellect. But altllo'the things revealed may be above ieafon, they cannot be contrary to it; for being addressed to intellectual and moral beings they must have a correspondence with the rational preconceptions cf those beings. A man, must be enabled to find in every proposition, an agreement ( 3) ment witl the simple ideas of his own mind. As for instance, discoveries may be made of the divine essence and perfections, which greatly surpass all that I could naturally have conceived on the fubjeal; yet my in telle6tual perceptions, muff immediately recognise the features of truth in tllofe discoveries; and be ready to assent that thus and thus muff Deity necessarily be. Secondly, I suppose a special divine revelation, to have something more than a speculative end. The moral condition of man requires, and therefore I look for, an explicit declaration of the will of God, refpeaing the terms on which his favour shall be bestowed on the creature. This, I confider as. the prerogative of absolute sovereignty; and the terms themselves, as primarily re. solvable into the pleasure of the lawgiver. Nevertheless, though the mode of acceptance, be such as reason would not have anticipated, it must be that in which reason can discern all her preconceived properties of God. Like his operations in the visible kindom of nature , there must be wisdom in the contrivance, sublimity of design, and utility in the end: There can be no defeet ive principle , no contingent consequence, but immutable efficiency, order , and beauty. And having thus far discovered an agreement with the first principles of natural religion, I look for a consistency of the prescribe ( 4) prescribed rule, with what the revelation itself unfolds of the divine character. That is to say, the infinite holiness, justice, truth , and mercy of God, which must severally be illustrated by the plan, in a manner calculated to draw forth the admiration and love of all created intelligences ; consequently, the revealed will of God, must have immediate reference to the well-being of man: Providing for his moral exigencies, and respecting the purposes of social order , on principles adapted to all times, places, and possible contingencies of human life. And finally, it will tend to the effecting that moral perfection, in which consists the honour and happiness of an intellectual being, through every Rage of existence. Thus. much, the light of reason teaches me to ex pead, in a plan, purporting to have God for its author . Whenever therefore, I find those preconceptions answered, I have a rational assurance that the revelation is divine ARE THOSE INTERNAL CHARACTERS, TO BE FOUND IN ANY BOOK NOW EXTANT? Yes. They eminently appear, in that collecion of ancient writings, which we denominate the Bible. PLEASE TO ADDUCE SOME PARTICULAR PROOF OF THIS? The Bible teaches me, that the world and all ( 15) all things therein, were created by the immec diate will of one felf exiftent, infinite , Intel. ligence. The account is briefly related, but the most elaborate piece of human oratory, could not have been so suitable to the sub, jed, as the dignified simplicity of scripture language; and I have no hesitation in believing the mosaic history of creation, to be' the only true one. Not merely, because it is a more sublime theory of the origin of nature , than any which has been attempted; but because it is that which easily falls in with, and assimilates itfelfto my rational perceptions. All the conjecturesofheathen philosophy on the subje6t, leave the understanding involved in gloomy uncertainty; and every hypothesis devised by man, terminates in intellectualchaos. But in the: scriptural account, there is nothing but what blends with our most natural conceptions; which admitting the principle of Deity, as a felf evident axiom ; adopt with perfe6t ease the idea of a divine, felf ative, energy calling the material world into existence. Again, there are conveyed by the sacred writings, the most august and amiable ideas of the divine nature and perfedcions, that can possibly enter a human foul: Yet there she can make her own, without the smallest labour, or extraordinary exercise of her fa. culties. The scriptures declare that the supreme Being, is essentially wise, powerful, just, 6) jur, merciful, holy, and benevolent in an infinite degree. That he is from eternity, to eternity, without variation, or shadow of change. That his immensity fills all space; so that there is no part of the visible, or invisible creation, to which he is not present; and being thus essentially present to all the works of his hands,, he is the aótive sustain irig principle of matter in all its forms: The Being of all beings. In him we live and move; and consequently all things are open to his pervading eye; and no motion of the heart, .can escape his cognizance. Therefore with refpe6t to his prescience, there