Moses was not a deceiver, but really sent from L 193 J from God; we will therefore tomorrow begin to read the H L Y B I B L E, and I hope you will daily increase in the knowledge of GOD, and ever continue his true and faithful Servant, and then you will be entitled, through his infinite Goodness and Mercy, to a never ending Life of perfect joy.and Happiness. F I N I S. 'f71 publli/sed, in Four Iolumes, price 14s. bound, (Dedicated by Permission to the Queen) SACRED HISTORY, SELECTED rro0m T H E SCRIPTURES, WITH ANNOTATI ONS AND R E F LE CTI O N S, SUITED TO THE COMPREHENSION OF YOUNG MINDS. Particularly calculated To facilitate the STUDY of the HOLY SCRIPTURES in SCHOOLS and FAMILIES, and to render this important Branch of EDUCATION easy to the teacher, and pleasing to the PUPIL. By Mrs. TRIMMER. the following adlvertijement is extragted firom the Conclusion of the abave Woark. HAVING with the utmoff care and attention brought down this work to the time of our SAVIOUR's birth, I must take a short leave of my readers, as the NEW TESTAMENT with Annotations is not yet ready for publicationr but I propose to : .^. : '9, complete!. .\ .- .i[ [ J complete it with as much expedition as is consistent with the importance and difficulty of the undertaking. I cannot close this volume without earnestly entreating those persons who have the care of youth to favour my design with their particular consideration before they rejec it as too voluminous and expensive; since it is evident, from the impiety and immorality of the age, that the usual methods of communicating the first principles of Chriltianity to young minds are frequently ineffectual. Were the SCRIPTURES properly ekplained, andfifficiently eforced in the course of educatiosi they would infallibly produce the most salutary and beneficial effeas, as they contain a system of morality derived from the fountain of divine truth , which Would: serve as a! jiandard whereby to regulate the judgement' in other 'ltudie's, refpeaing the examples which are .worthy of imitation, and the sentiments which may be safely adopted. An early acquaintanice with those glorious pro l mises which give hopes of immortal happiness, and with those heavenly precepts ' which infiru& us how to obtain it, would surely be the belt security against the dangerous r III I gerous allurements of a vicious and diffipat d world : Thus instructed, our Youth would no longer fall an easy prey to the Infidel and the Scoffer, nor dare with profane lips to deride the sacred Word of God. This work was compiled with a view to facilitate the acquisition of Christian Knowledge in Schools and Families, without engrossing the time necessary to be employed in the attainment of classical and other polite accomplishments, or without interrupting the performance of domestic duties. The custom which too generally prevails, to the misfortune of the rising generation , of discontinuing the daily use of the BIBLE, will, I fear, operate againit me; but those who reverence the SCRIPTURES, will perhaps be induced to honour my performance with a place at least in their School Libra raries, and receive it as an humble assistant to their Sunday evening's inftruetion. Some persons entertain an idea , that every religious work , intended for the use of young readers, should be/hort and concif; but if I nay, without being thought arrogant, presume on the experience of many years, I will venture to say, that at an early age, chil drea '[ i 3 dren may be invited to dwell with pleasure on every part of Sacred Htlory; nor do I believe it is possible to give them that love for divine fubjeas, which is necessary in or. der to make their duty their delight, without a particular explanation of the great chain of events, from the Creation to the Redemption of mankind , as related in the BIBLE. To a neglea of this may reasonably be imputed the deplorable ignorance of numbers in spiritual concerns, who, in respect to human affairs, are well inftruted. I have already offered my reasons for giving the history in the very words of the inspired writers , and hope it will be found, from this circumfance, preferable to the usual substitutes, denominated Hilories of the Bible, c. For even admitting that compilations of this nature may be executed with the utmost elegance of human art, yet the very best muff fall infinitely short of their divine original, degrade the sublime subject , which no language but that of holy inspiration can suit; and, by satisfying curiosity , rather tend to draw the mind from the Scriptures than to conduc it to them, In feleeting from the contents of the sacred volume , I have attempted to display the r V ] the infinite perfecion of the divine attributes, as well as the peculiar beauty of the historical parts of the Holy Scriptures, and their connexion with the prophetic writings, so necessary to be known, in order to the right understanding of the do/crines of Christianity; which I trust will render it useful to such persons also as have not time to study larger works , or are destitute of the means of procuring them. In the Annotations I have studiously endeavoured to avoid whatever might tend to puzzle the mind, or raise doubts and objections. In the Supplemental part I have carefully refirained myself from expatiating too largely on the history of those nations which were conneted with the Jews, thinking it best to keep the attention fixed to the principal objet. Accustomed to meet with indulgence from the candid public, I promise myself a continuance of it; and shall exert my.beft endeavours to execute the subsequent part of this work in such a manner as to convey a corn. prehenfive knowledge of the docrines of Christianity, and the charater.and example of our blessed SAVIOUR, K $ \';. Brentft d,.; '- - p/ril, 17.; : 'i'.73