and repeated and enlarged upon in the edifying epistles of his apoitles who were men chosen from amongst those who had the advantage of conversing with our Lord, to bear witness of his miracles and refurrecion and who, after his Ascension, were assisted and inspired by the Holy Gholt. this sacred volume must be the rule of your life. -- In it you wili find all truths , necessary too be believed; and plain and easy direetions, for the practice of every duty: Your Bible thenmuft be your chief study and delight: but as it' contains many various kinds of writing -- ome parts obscure obscure and difficult of interpretation, others plain and intelligible to the meanest capacity i would principally recommend to your frequent perusal such parts of the holy writings as are most adapted to your understanding, and most necessary for your inftruaion. Our Saviour's precepts were spoken to the common people amongst the Jews; and were therefore given in a manner easy to be understood, and equally striking and infirucive to the learned and unlearned: for the mofl ignorant may comprehend them, whilst the vifeft must be charmed and awed, by the beautiful and majestic simplicity with which they are expreffed. of the same kind are the Ten Commandments, spoken by God to Moses; which as they were designed for universal laws , are worded in the most concise and simple manner, yet with a majesty which commands our utmost reverence. I think you will receive great pleasure, as well as improvement, from the historical books of the Old teftament provided you read them as an history, in a regular course, and keep the thread of it in your mind, as you go on. i know of none, true or ficitious, that is equally wonderful , interesting, and affeaing; or that is told in so hort and simple a manner as this, which. is, of all histories, the moll authentic. In my next letter, I will give you some brief direcions, concerning the method and course I wish you to pursue, in reading the holy Scrip tures. may you be enabled to make the belt use of this moft precious gift. of god this.fa cred treasury of knowledge May you read the Bible, not as a task, nor as the dull employment of that day only, in which you are forbidden more more lively entertainments but, with a sincere and ardent desire of inftrution; with that love and delight in God's word , which the holy Psalmist so pathetically felt, and described, and which is the natural consequence of loving GOD and virtue! -- Though I speak this of the Bible in general , I would not be understood to mean, that every part of the volume is equally intereiting, I have already said, that it confills of various matter, and various kinds of books , which must be read with different views and fentimrents. The having some general notion of what you are to expect from each book may possibly help you to understand them, and heighten your relish of them i fnall treat you as if you were perfe'tly new to the whole; for so I wist you to confider yourself; because the time and manner in which children usually read the Bible, are very ill calculated to make. them really acquainted with it; and too many people who have read it thus, without understanding it in their youth, satisfy themselves that they know enough of it, and never afterwards study it with attention, when they come to a maturer age. Adieu, my beloved Niece! if the feelings of your heart, whilst you read my letters, correspond with those of mine, whilst I write them, I stall not be without the advantage of your partial affetion, to give weight to my advice; for believe me, my dear girl, my heart and my eyes overflow with tenderness, while I tell you, with how warm and earnest prayers for your happiness here, and hereafter, I subscribe myself, your faithful friend and most affecionate Aunt. LETTER II NOW proceed to give my dear niece some short sketches of the matter contained in the different books of the bible and of the course in which they ought to be read . The first book , GENESIS, contains the moult grand, and, to us, the most interesting events, that ever happened in the universe : The creation of the world , and of man : The deplorable fall of man, from his first state of excellence and bliss, to the distressed condition in which we see all his descendants continue: The sentence of death pronounced on Adam, and on all his race with the reviving promise of that deliverance, which has since been wrought for us, by our blessed Saviour: The account of the early state of the world : of the universal deluge: The division of mankind into different nations and languages: The tory of Abraham, the founder of the Jewish people; whose unshaken faith and obedience, under the severest trial human nature could sustain, obtained such favour in the sight of God, that he vouchsafed to file him his friend, and promised to make of his poterity a great nation; and that in his seed that is in one of his defcendants all the kingdoms of the earth should be blessed; this, you will easily see, refers to the Messiah, who was to be the blessing and deliverance of all na tions. it is amazing that the Jews, pofeffing this prophecy.among many others, should have been lo blindc,; by prejudice, as : to expet, from this great psrfonage, only a temporal deliverance of their own nation from the subjection to which they they were reduced under the romans it is equally amazing, that some Christians should, even now, confine the blessed effects of his appearance upon earth, to this or that particular set or profefion, when he is so clearly and emphatically described as the Saviour of the whole world . the story of Abraham's proceeding to sacrifice his