knowledge impressed on their minds by a F 2 variety variety of books ; but women, who do not ao through the same course of inllrudion, are very apt to forget what little they read or hear on the subject - -- - advise you therefore never to lose an opportunity of inquiring the meaning of anything you meet with in poetry, or in painting, alluding to the history of any the heathen deities, and of obtaining from some friend an explanation of its conneaion with true history, orofitsal legorical reference to morality or to physics. Natural philof(phy, in the largest sense of the expression, is too wide a field for you to undertake -- but the flud) of nature , as far as may suit ycur powers and opportunities, you will find a most sublime entertainment; the ob jecrs of this fiudy are all the stupendous works of the Almighty Hand that lie within the reach of our observation. -- In the works of man per section is aimed at, but it can only be found in those of the Creator. The contemplation ofper fecdion mull produce delight -- - and every natural objec around you would offer this delight, if it could attrac your attention : -- if you survey the earth, every leaf that trembles in the breeze -- - every blade of grass beneath your feet is a wonder as absolutely beyond the reach of human art to imitate as the conflru.tion of the universe . Endless pleasures, to those who have a taste for them, might be derived from the endless variety to be found in the composition of this globe and its inhabitants. The fossil -- - the vegetable -- - and the animal world -- - gradually rising in the scale of excellence -- - the innumerable species of each, which preserve their specific differences from age to age, yet of which no two individuals .are ever perfectly alike -- - afford such a range for observation obler'ation ard inquiry as might engross the who term of our short life, if followed minute'. -'. all the animal creation obvious to our unassisted senses, the eye, aided by philosophical inventions, sees myriads of creatures, which by the ignorant are not know to have existence- -- - lees all nature teem with life -- - ecery fluid -- each part of every vegetable and anrmal fwal m with its peculiar inhabitants -- i vifible to the naked eye, but as perfec in all tieir parts, and enjoying life as indisputably as, he elephant or the whale. But, if from the earth, and from there minute wonders , the philosophic eye is raised towards the Heavens, what a Stupendous scene there opens to its view ! - those brilliant lights that sparkle to the eye of ignorance as gems adorning the sky, or as lamps to guide the traveller, assume an importance that amazes the understanding! - they appear to be worlds , formed like ours for a variety of inhabitants - or suns, eu lightning numberless other worlds too distant for our discovery I shall ever remember the astonishment and rapture with which my mind received this idea , when I was about your age it was then perfectly new to me, and it is im -- possible to describe the sensations, which I felt from the glorious, boundless profpea' of infinite beneficence burfring at once upon my imaginati on! who can contemplate such a scene unmoved? - if your curiosity is excited to enter upon this noble inquiry, a few books on the sub jtc, and those of the easiest sort, with tome of: the common experiments, may be sufficient for yvur purpose which is to enlarge your mind F 3 and. and to excite in it the most ardent gratitude and profound adoration towards that great and good being, who exerts his boundless power in communicating various portions of happiness through all the immense regions of creation. Moral philosophy - as it relates to human actions -- is of still higher importance than the study of nature . -- - The works of the ancients on this subjet are universally said to be entertaining as well as inftrucive, by those who can read them in their original languages; -- - and such of them as are well translated will, undoubtedly, fcome years hence, afford you great pleasure and improvement. -- - You will also find many agreeable and useful books , written originally in French, and in English, on morals and manners : -- for the present, there are works , which, without afiuming the solemn air of philosophy , will en. lighten your mind on these subjects , and intro,, rnr i. oi In 'a eaier L es: ns thb; fort are many of the moral essays, which have appeared in periodical papers -- which, when excellent in their kind -- as are the Spefators, Guardians, Ramblers, and a.aventurers -- - are particularly useful to young people, as they comprehend a great variety of subjes -- - introduce many ideas and observations that are new to them -- - and lead to a habit of reflicing on the characters and events that come before them in real life, which I confider as the befit exercise of the understanding. Books on taste and criticism will hereafter be more proper for you than at present: - whatever can improve your discernment , and render your tafe elegant and just, mul be of great consequence equcnce to your enjoyments as well as to the ernbellishment of your understanding. I would by no means exclude the kind of read in which young people are naturally most fond of though I think the greatest care should be taken in the choice of those fi7itiios flories, that so enchant the mind moft of which tend to inflame the passions of youth, whilst the chief purpose of education should be to moderate and re lrain them. add to this, that both the writing a: : d sentiments of most novels and romances are