was contrary to the general belief or perception, this new system gained no great progress, nor was ever much efcemed by the ancients. As the m: nans of reconciling this contrariety of sentiments on so important a branch of philosophy , the moil learned men at that period endeavoured to establish an intermediate system ; therefore Ptolemy an Egyptian philosopher, who flourilted above 138 years before Chrilt, formed a system which he constructed on a plan to reconcile the contending parties. His opinions tended to confirm that the Earth was fixed immoveablv in the centre of the Universe ; that the seven Planets (considering the Moon as one of the primaries) were placed placed near to it; above them he afterted was the firmament of fixed Stars and chryfaline Orbs, then the Primum Mobile, by which you are to underfiand the first principle of motion; and lastly, the Coelum Emperium or Heaven of Heavens. All there immense Orbs he imagined moved round the Earth once in 24 hours; as the means of accounting for there revolutions, he conceived a number of circles called eccentries. and epicycles crossing or interfce ing one another, consequently perpetually interfering in their progress; this fyfiem was universally received from the time of Ptolemy to the revival of learning in the sixteenth century. It is uncertain by whom artificial globes were invented, yet it is clearly known that Hipparchus, and Archemides, about 200 years before the Christian .Era, by their refpetive improvements in Geometry and other branches of the Mathematics, rendered the use of the spheres to be relied on, by making them correspond with the aspect of the Heavens, and the motion of the Stars. Lady M. I cannot express how much I esteem myself obliged by the instructions you give us; I hope essentially to profit by so much useful information. Ment. agc/l,. Notwithstanding theeuropeans were in fume degree emerged from the abyss of total ignorance; yet science or what we rank as knuoledge was but in the dawn of its lustre prejudices prevailed, which gradually abated as bigotry declined and the errors of religious faith where vanquifled by the firm efiablifilment and happy effects of the reformation. Previous to that event learning was chiefly pollflted by the heathen Philosophers, who advanced certain ingenious opinions and moral precepts in their schools; and in times not quite so remote, by Monks and Friars, whose intereit it was to keep the community in a state of profound ignorance; as when once the human mind became enlightened, their dominion was at an end. Lady L How thankful we ought to be that we live in an age so confpicnous for the attainment of every desirable acquisition. Alenti must now proceed to inform you that Copernicus, a native of Poland, who was of an enterprising eccentric genius , about th' period Anno Domini 1530 ventured to adopt the Pythagorean or true system of the Universe : this doarine, however jur in its principles , had been so little attended to, that the Philosopher who was the inlrument of its restoration was considered by the generality of persons, as the inventor or founder of the system , which from thence obtained the name of the Copernican philosophy . The religious feuds and the combined selfish views of the professors of Christianity at that period, greatly tended to check the establishment of a theory which has since been found to have been formed on a rational basis. The controversy which arose from rome persons embracing and others rejeeingthe systems I have enumerated, gave rise to many absurd opinions refpeaing the economy of the Planetary Orbs : In this state of disputation, Tycho Brahe, a Dane of noble extraction, being convinced of the defects of the Ptolemaic system , but averse from acknowledging the motion of the Earth, attempted about the year 1586 to establish a new theory of his own fabrication, which was still more complex and incon. filtent than the one formed by Ptolemy. The principal opinions he advanced were, that the Moon had a monthly motion round the Earth as the centre of its Orbit: the Sun he considered as the centre of the Orbits of Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn. The Sun he supposed with all these Planets revolved round the Earth in a year, and even once in the short ipace space of twenty-four hours; this system , not withrlanding its palpable errors, met with many advocates, and Longomontanus so far improved and refined upon its tenets , as to admit of the diurnal motion of the Earth, though he denied its annual revolution. This we must allow was one essential point gained, and was undoubtedly the infant state of that philosophical perfection which was attained in the i7th century, in which science may have been laid to have gained its meridional height. About the year 16logalileoa Florentine, whom I have pre. vioufly mentioned as being the means of firi applying telecopes to aflronomica! purposes, discovered new arguments to provethemotion of the Earth, which tended to confirm those before advanced; but as tlhee opinions were under the influence of tipal authority , thought inconsistent with the religious principles he prof: lied, Galileo was compelled to renounce these rational ideas , asthey wereconfidercd a lerefyor offence a gainil the church, though in effei only like every olher brandi of knowledge militating again/t its usurping oppressive miniters or priests. In this flruggie, or scientific conflict, it remained lor one superior genius to complete what so many had endeavoured in vain to compass with E p: rna: leni permanent effet, and this honour was refervid for Sir Isaac Newton, who flourished about the end of the 17th century. This eminent philo. fopher was a native of Great Britain, and was as much esteemed for his private virtues, as admired for his diftinguilhed eminence in the moult profound and occult branches of science: as he was a good man in the most comprehensive sense of the word , and a zealous sincere christian, his researches all tended and cooperated to display his reverence