for the Supreme Being, whole works which fiine with fiperior glory in the Heavens, he traced with accuracy, and defined with a degree of precision which have rendered his fame immortal. It is to the labours of this renowned Philosopher we are indebted for obtaining just conceptions of the various properties and motions of the celestial bolies, and also for the discovery of the principles of the general law of Nature which regulates their refpefive revolutions. This law is termed Gravity or Attraction, and is the same by which anybody falls to the ground when disengaged from what supported it. The universal gravitation of matter to its common centre is a general principle , and may be traced in regular gradation as to its effect, from the Planetary system to the moult incon inconsiderable objeca on the terrestrial globe: as every particle gravitates or tends to its central point, which is produced by the powers of At traaion. It has been clearly demonfirated that the natural effefts of Attracion and Gravitation keep the sea in its due bounds, and also the various bodies which cover the Ifrface of the Earth from flying into the air; it has the same operation on every part of the universe , confines the Planets in their proper Orbits, and preserves the whole fabric of Nature from disorder and confusion. I have expatiated very fully on the advantages we have derived from Sir Isaac Newton's valuable discoveries, and cannot adopt any better means for concluding his de. served eulogium, than by citing Pope's concise epitaph, which in a small compass implies the superior lustre of his genius and fame . Nature , and Nature's laws , lay hid in Night; God said, let Newton be, and all was Light! Lady M. I admire the account you have given of Sir Isaac Newton, and am much o. bliged to you for quoting the epitaph, which so fully expresses the great effets his genius pro. duced. I fiip'eofe when first these philofop'l, s E 2 talked talked of the Earth moving, they were thought abfiurd, and very few believed them. ament. In all instances, when the human mind is converted from chaotic ignorance, the firli effort must require trong conviction to es face the influence of prejudice and fixed habits of thinking; yet when facts are clearly deduced, and opinions embraced, on the evidence of reason , rays of knowledge diffuse their light and bcaime objecs of admiration and belief. Persons x\rofe minds are uninformed, are not always cr( tulous, and apt to receive new opi nitons; fiifiicion and ignorance go hand in lind, which are material obstacles to essential improvement and the general difffiion ofknow ltde. I remember in the course of my read ilng to have met with a remarkable proof to this cific., hi the following instance. To the best of my recollecdion, an am; affa dor was slit Iroln a Northern Potentate, to a Prince in rome torrid region, who naturally cnquired for an account of the country lie came from. When the ambassador described the sea as frozen, and the ground covered with snow, which he represented as a beautiful white substance, the ignorant Prince difmiifed him, and sent him back with this mefiage, that lie could could not think of forming. any treaty with a nation whose minister was; such a noturious liar. Another fact m;.,, lo be pr; oduced of a similar tendency. When St. Paul wvas pleading hie cause before king Agrippa wiiiit he was discoursing on the refurection of the body, Feltus cal!cd out witl a loud voice, ipaul thou art bceide thyfc!f, nuch !claring doth make thee mad"! 'Thus wc perceive in both the instances I have f ecificc, ignorance proved a bar to conviltion. Lady M. Yet I can hardly b!ame the Prince, as the country he lived in preiented no sich objeas, as the ambaltfdor dfcaibed; and I imagine Feitus, as he was not a Chrltian, did not believe in the Refirreaion. Ment. The evidence or belief of circumstances beyond our comprehension , in religious filbjets, is produced by what is theologically called Faith, which is indifpenfibly required in all matters concerning the promises of God, and the faas that are related in holy writ. In circumfiances of lefner importance, we should ever give credit to refpedcble testimonies; as our ideas rnuft be very colntraced, if we only believe what we see, or what we hear, which comprehends what is usually called ocular andt E 3 auricular auricular cmonftration, or proof. Philosophy clears the path of profound ignorance, by planting knowledge in the various departments of Science and other general vehicles of inflrufion; and Revelation removes every doubt, and affords every hope a reasonable being can form. Even the Refurrefion of the Body, which was a slum bling block to ferts, who was a Heathen, is a beacon of hope to a devout chrifrian; nor can the intellectual powers doubt, which perceive vegetation renewed, though apparently in the indifoluble bands of death, but that in a future slate their own exiglence will bloom, through the endless ages of eternity. Lady L I am greatly obliged to you for placing there observations in a point of view to impress on my mind a due sense of their.impor tance; as knowledge is such a valuable acquisition, I am surprised any persons remain in a state of ignorance. klcnt. A variety of cilcumflances conrpire to check the zeal for attaining this tre, tfilre; in the first place there are many who do not possess the means, and others neglec those opportunities which are afforded them. Perseverance is a necessary ingredient in compassing this desirable end, yet but few comparatively have re folltioll olutlon to apply closely to any particular study , and those who are firrounded by objects to excite useful inquiry, arc often too supine, to turn them to due advantage. How many with extensive Gardens, lored with native and cxotic Plants, neglec the study of Botany How many with Libraiies amply furniflcd with the