j~~~~""i'1i1 illlii)l r: -: III) C - A ( - I IT E \ I - - -- H -- C (0~ ~ ~~~~~~1 'I -- '0 THE SEQUEL T ME NT OR I A; O R, The Young Ladies Inflrutoor: IN FAMILIAR CONVERSATIONS, ON A Variety of Interesting subjeets, IN WHICH ARE INTRODUCED, leeures on 4aronomy and Natural Philofphy, Expressed in Terms suited to the Comprehension of JUVENILE READERS; Being principally intended to enlarge the Ideas , and inspire just Conceptions of the Deity, from the Contemplation of the general System of the Universe . BY ANN MURRY. 's Lonton t PRINTED FOR C DILLY, IN THE poultry. 1799. TO HER ROYAL HIGHNESS THE PRINCESS AMELIA. WITH the greatest Deference and Refpecd, I have the honour to present the Sequel to Mentoria to your Royal Highness's consideration; if my performance should obtain your approbation, and in any degree prove conducive to your infirution or amufemec t, my ambition will be amply gratifiet. I am perfectly convinced your acquired accomplishments and innate amiable qualities, may justly claim the tribute of Applause; but as Praise is too apt to degenerate into Adulation, I shall pursue the unerring dictates of Simplicity and Truth , and with the most ardent zeal exhort you to persevere in the attainment of Knowledge , in every department of mental cultivation. Elevated Rank bears no specific weight in the (Scale of Merit, unless it is counterpoised by Moral Excellence and Intellectual Treasures; let this considers a 2 tion tion excite in your Royal Highness an invariable emulation to Dignify your 11- luftrious Birth, by the Brilliancy of your intrinsic Virtues. Accept, Most Gracious Princess, my sincere wishes that you may attain preeminence in every ennobling property that can inform the Underfianding, or refine the Heart; as the means of effecting this important purpose, diligently explore the wonders of Nature , which will inspire you with implicit reverence for their Primary Source. These sublime impressions cannot fail to produce in your Royal Highness, that dignity of charactr and consistency of condut, which will insure Present Happiness, and entitle you to Future Reward: in the earnest hope that you may enjoy these Blessings to the fullest extent, I remain with the most profound Ref pei, and perfect Submission, Your Royal Highness's Moult Devoted and Obedient Servani, 5jirtacbI1799 Ann Murky. z5th ma4ach, 1799, V ] PREFACE. THE Author presents the following Dialogues on Afironomy and Natural Philosophy to the Public, as the Sequel to Mentoria; and flatters herself that they will prove useful to those who favour them with their attention. The fubjets fle has chosen are of such a sublime nature , and their scientific properties so diffusive and profound, it may be needful to observe, that she has endeavoured to felea only those branches that tended to promote the general design of her perform nce, which was principally to inspire young minds with due reve a 3 rence rence for the universal operations of Divine Wisdom, manifest in the various parts of the Creation. In a work of this kind, it is impossible to offer anything new, or that has not been more ably discussed by persons of superior abilities and refined classical learning ; yet it may be productive of great benefit to the rising generation to place these axioms or self evident truths in such a point of view , as to impress the Juvenile Reader with a just conception of the regular order of the Universe , and the collateral dependence of every atom of which it is composed. The prevalent relaxation in the system of moral rectitude, claims the most energetic exertions to counteract its pernicious consequences; and no remedies can be so efficacious as those that, by early permanent imprefflons, invigorate the principles on the immutable basis of holy confidence, derived from the emanations of the Stpreme Being, which Philosophy unfolds, and renders con. formable. formable to our finite powers. It may perhaps be deemed presumptuous in the Author , to attempt a work replete with such abifrufe and varied subjects for investigation; she therefore as the means of extenuation, begs leave to plead, that the hopes and trusts her zeal will be accepted, as a substitute for the defects which The is conscious the inoft candid Critic may discover in the execution of her plan. Astronomy and Natural Philosophy Should be considered the native spring of dignified human science, as being the source from which the most sublime and general instructions are obtained, it consequently cannot fail to be essentially beneficial, to convey those ser tilizing streams of information into a variety of different channels, and to trace their causes and effets in every object our ideas can compass, from the spangled Aethereal Firmament to the opaque regions of the Earth, and the prufound abyss of the Ocean. These rcfcar hcs una id unavoidably produce conviction of the Divine Efficient Power and Omnipresence, which in youthful minds, un warped by prejudice, and unsullied by immorality, infallibly operates as an antidote against the inroads of Vice, and in every age, state, and condition, proves a perpetual incitement to Virtue. CONTENTS. CONTENTS. DIALOGUE I. Page N N afrronomy, and the Sun, and Planets, with reniarks on the Solar System , interspersed witl moral refle£iona 1 DIALOGUE II On the Secondary Planets, or Satellites, and Comets, with a particular description of the Moon, and an account of the first discovery of Tclefcopes - 30 DIALOGUE III On the Fixed Stars, and the Zodiac, and the progressive improvements in Astronomy, from the earliest ages to the present period, with a concise description of the various iftems that have been formed and adopted - 50 DIALOGUE DIALOGUE IV Page On the Succefflon of Day and Night, and the Vicissitudes of the Seasons, as produced by the Diurnal and Annual revolution of the Earth, with appropriate ob icl vations, and moral reflecions - 8 DIALOGUE V On Eclipses and Tides, with an explanation of the general principle of Gravity or Attraifon, discovered by Sir Isaac. Newton, intcrfperfed with anecdotes