/ . -. A CONCISE HISTORY of the KINGDOMS o F ISRAEL and JUDAH; CONNECTED WITH THE HISTORY OR CHIEF EVENTS OF TH E Neighbouring States and Succeeding Empires to the Time of CHRIST, AND THE ESTABLISHMENT of the GOSPEL dispensation: INT ESPER SED WITH Moral Reflections, Chronological References, and Occasional Remarks, Concerning the Fulfilment of the Prophecies: Particularly adapted to the Comprehension , and for the Improvement of Young Minds. By A NN M U R R Y, / Author of MENTORIA. / In TWO VOLUMES . VOL. I. LONDON: Printed by SAYS and COUCHMAN, Upper moorfields. For CHARLES D L L Y, ill the Poultry. .m.ecc. IXXI. .' ; P R E F A C E. A S a competent knowledge of the sacred oracles, and of the history of'the church and people of God, and the kingdoms connected with Israel, mutl be esteemed by every rational being the most desirable of human attainments; the Author flatters herself, that the following concise History will not prove unacceptable to the Public. By far the greater part of the works which have been written on this important subjet, being too puerile to engage the attention of persons advancing towards maturity; or so obscure, or voluminous, as to be suited only to the perusal of the laborious reader: in hope of preserving the due medium, the Author has used her utmost endeavours to render the present performance as concise, clear, and comprehensive as possible. A 2 The The consideration, that the historical events of the periods between the Old and New Teflaments are chaotic or con suefd to the generality of persons, was the principal incentive for undertaking the work Ihe now offers to the Public: which, under their favourable patronage, Ihe trusts, will render essential benefit to the rising generation , by cherishing in their minds a due reverence for the Sacred Records and Divine Providence. The evidences for the Holy Scriptures are so forcible, their influence could not be withstood, if their connexion, opera. tion, and effects were duly regarded: yet in many parts they are tb interwoven with circumstances, allusions, and events, not lb pleasing to young minds, that the wlhole are negleieed, and rendered inef fdual, because a part requires to be fiript of those exuberances which make the pursuit objeaionable. This fatal inattention to the positive proofs of the fulfilment of divine pro. mises, mires, and prophetic denunciations, relaxes the vital principles of revealed religion, and saps the foundation of moral virtue: therefore may be justly con. fidered as one great cause of the corruption of manners, and of that national depravity, which at this period so universally prevails. From a candid survey of the work , the reader will perceive the necessity which the Author was under, of connecting the annals of profane nations with the Sacred History: in order to trace and prove the progress and declension of the Jewish people and Rate, which was the main objet of her design; as being the most effectual means of confirming, and recommending, the Christian faith. The Author being conscious that chronology is an essential branch of history, fle hath endeavoured to be accurate re fpeting the different periods in which the most important events happened. The datesof aras are indeed various : Bedford's system system executed according to the famous archbishop Usher's computation, Prideaux's connexion, Blair, and Prietley's Chronologies have been carefully consulted and compared to ascertain the true year of each interesting occurrence. For the benefit of her young readers, the Author hath paid particular attention to the geographical part of her work , and by well executed maps prefixed to the volumes , they may easily trace the different operations of princes and their holts, and the revolution of states: being convinced it is necessary they should read so as to understand, in order that tley may so run as to obtain. Having thus ingenuously declared her motives for engaging in the prefenr undertaking, the Author with due fubmif sion and deference, tenders the following Iheets to the Public; whose candour she has amply experienced, and whose further protection fly earnestly solicits. INTRODUC INTRODUCTION. T HE following work being professedly' written for the perusal of persons, whose course of reading is not sufficiently diffusive to make them acquainted with the confirmation' which sacred revelation obtains, from the corroborating evidence of history; the Author has. endeavoured to collee: and arrange the respective sacs in such a regular succession, and point of view , as she hopes will prove infirumental in fixing the principles , and enlarging the ideas of every candid reader. Her intention was not to write a hifl6ry of the Bible, but rather amply to discuss those liif torical and prophetic parts, which in the general course of education appear not duly attended to: her History therefore begins at the period of the monarchical form of government being established in Israel; as from that ara, the events became more particularly complicated and interesting. VOL. I. a The The circumstances preceding this epocha, are so beautifully recorded by the sacred historians, it would be a kind of profanation to attempt any elucidation respecting them; as the sublime narrative is concise, pathetic, and suited to the comprehension of the most unenlightened reader. The knowledge , also of those important truths are early and deeply instilled into the minds of all persons who are above the level of total ignorance; which makes it unnecessary to discuss the creation, fall of man, deluge, the generations of Noah, and the patriarchal tribes, except in such a cursory manner, as to connect the history, and prevent a chasm in the chronological part. In there preparatory lines, the Author deem: it also necessary to briefly trace the wife designation and blessed effects of the dlif'erent dispensations of divine grace vouch il'fed to mankind ; as a, means of clearly pio, .'ing the fulfilment of the prophecies, and exhibiting the firm batis of the chririan religion. In order to ascertain there 'important circumstances, it may be proper to connect events from