perfecdion is aimed at; but it can only he found in those of the Creator. The conten'plation of perfeion must produce ii!: t, and every natural object around you you would offer this delight, if it could attrat your attention: if you survey the earth, every leaf that trembles in the breeze, every blade of grass beneath your feet, is a wonder as absolutely beyond the reach of human art to imitate, as the construction of the universe . Endless pleasures to those who have a taste for them, might be derived from the endless variety to be found in the composition of this globe and its inhabitants. The fossil the vegetable and the animal world gradually rising in the scale of excellence the innumerable species of each, still preserving their specific differences from age to age, yet of which no two individuals are ever perfealy alike afford such a range for observation and inquiry as might engross the whole term of our short life, if followed minutely. Besides all the - animal creation obvious to our unassisted senses, the eye, aided by philosophical inventions, sees myriads of creatures, which by the ignorant are not known to have existence: it sees all nature teemwith life; every fluid each part of every vegetable and animal fwarm with its peculiar in habitants invifible to the naked eye, but as perse in all their parts, and enjoying life as indisputably, as the elephant, or the whale. But, Butif from the earth, and from there minute wonders , the philosophic eye is raiied towards the Heavens, what a stupendous scene there opens to its view ! those brilliant lights that sparkle to the eye of ignorance as gems adorning the Iky, or as lamps to guide the traveller by night, assume an importance that amazes the understanding they appear to be tworlds, formed like ours for a variety of inhabitants or sins, enlightening numberless other worlds too distant for our discovery I shall ever remember the a ftoniihment and rapture with which my mind received this idea , when I was about your age; it was then perfecly new to me, and it is impossible to describe the sensations I felt from the glorious, boundless prospect of infinite beneficence, burt ing at once upon my imagination Who can contemplate such a scene unmoved ?- If your curiosity is excited to enter upon this noble inquiry, a few books on the subjet, and those of the easiest sort, with tome of the common experiments, may be sufficient for your purpofe which is to enlarge your mind, and to excite in it the most ardent gratitude and profound adoration towards that great and good Being, who exerts his boundless power in communicating communicating various portions of happiness through all the immense regions of creation. Moral Philosophy , as it relates to human ' actions, is of ifill higher importance than the study of nature . The works of the ancients on this subject , are univcr fallv said to be entertaining as well as in itrudive, by those who can read them in their original languages; and such of them as are well translated will undoubtedly, some years hence, afbord you great pleasure and improvement. You will also find many agreeable and useful books , written originally in French, and in English, on morals and manners: for the pre,, there are works , which, without assuming the solemn air of philosophy , will enlighten your mind on these fibjeas, and introduce inftrution in an easier dress: of this sort are many of the moral essays.. have appeared in periodical papers which, when excellent in their kind as are the spe5lators, Guardians, Ramblers and adventurers are particularly useful to young people, as they comprehend a great variety of fubjeats introduce many ideas and observations that are new to them and lead to.a habit of refleicing on the characters and events that come before 4 them them in real life, which I confider as the best exercise of the understanding. Books on taste and criticism will hereafter be more proper for you than at present: whatever can improve your discernment , and render your taste elegant aiid just, must be of great consequence to your enjoyments, as well as to the embellish. ment of your understanding. I would by no means exclude the kind of reading , which young people are naturally moult fond of; though I think the greatest care should be taken in the choice of those fjitiaias saries, that so enchant the mird molf of which tend to inflame the pailions of youth, whilst the chief purpose of education should be to moderate and restrain them. Add to this, that both the writing and sentiments of most novels and romances are such as are only proper to vitiate your style, and to mislead your he. rt and underitanding. The exp.eclt: .1 of extraordinary adventures whic!rl C, : m ever happen to the sober and prudent part of mankind and the admira: an Ei extravagant passions and absurd cond stare some of the usual fruits of this kind of reading , which, when a young woman makes it her chief amusement, generally renders her ridiculous in conver 2 fation, fation, and miserably wrong headed in her pursuits and behaviour. There are however works of this class in which excellent morality is joined with the most lively pictures of the human mind, and with all that'can entertain the imagination and interest the heart. But, I must repeatedly exhort you, never to read anything of the sentimental kind, without taking the judgement of your best friends in the choice; for, I am persuaded, that the indiscriminate reading of such kind of books , corrupts more female hearts than any other cause whatsoever. Before I close this correspondence, I shall point out the coiurfe of history I wiih you to pursue, and give you my thoughts of geography and chronology, some knowledge of both being, in my opinion , necessary to the reading of history with any advantage. I am, my dearest Niece, Your ever