epistles of his Apostles who were men chosen from amongst those, who had the advantage of converting with our Lord, to bear witness of his miracles and refur rection and who, after his afcen lion, were assisted and inspired by the Holy Ghost. This sacred volume must be the rule of your life. In it you will find all truths necessary to be believed; and plain and easy diretions, for the practice of every duty: Your Bible then must must be your chief study and delight: but, as it contains many various kinds of writing fome parts obscure and difficult of interpretation, others plain and intelligible to the meanest capacity i would chiefly recommend to your frequent perusal fuch.parts of the sacred writings as are most adapted to your understanding, and most necessary for your inftruation. Our Saviour's precepts were spoken to the common people anongft the Jews; and were therefore given in a manner easy to be underriood, and equally striking and inftrutive to the learned and unlearned: for the most ig sorant may comprehend them, whilst whilst the wisest nus!' be charmedi and awed, by the bea: tiful and majestic simplicity with which they arel exprefted. Of the same kind are! the Ten Commandments, .delivered by God to Motes; which, as they were designed for universal . laws , are worded in the most concise and simple manner, yet with a majesty, which commands our utmoft.reve rence. I think you. will receive great pleasure, as well as improvement, from the historical books of the Old teftament provided you read them as an history, in a regular ccurie, and keep the thread of it in your: your mind,, as you go on. I know of none,, true or fiitiious, that is equally wonderful , interesting, and asseting; or that is told. in so mhort and simple a manner as this, which is, of all.hiftories, the most authentic. In my next letter, I'will give you, some brief directions, concerning the method and course I wish you. to pursue, in reading the holy scriptures. May you be enabled to: make the belt use of this. most precious gift of god this sacred trea -- fury of knowledge ! May you read : the Bible, not as a task, nor as the dull employment. of that day only in: in which you are forbidden more lively entertainments but, with a sincere and ardent desire of instruction; with that love and delight in God's word , which the holy Psalmist so pathetically felt, and de. scribed, and which is the natural consequence of loving God and virtue Though I speak this of the Bible in general , I would not be understood to mean, that every part of the volume is equally intereffing. I have already said, that it consists of various matter, and various kinds of books , which muf be read with different views and sentiments. The having some general notion of what you are to expet from each book may may possibly help you to understand them, and heighten your relish of them. I shall treat you as if you were perfectly new to the whole; for so I wilh you to confider yourself; because the time and manner,.. in which children usually read the Bible, are very ill calculated to. make them really acquainted with. it; and too many people who have read it thus, without underftandmng it in their youth, satisfy themselves that they know enough of it, and never afterwards study it with at tent; ior, when they come to a ma, turer age. Adieu, Adieu, my beloved Niece! If the feelings of your heart, whilst you read my letters, correspond with those of mine, whilst I write them, I shall not be without the advantage of your partial affefion, to give weight to my advice; for believe me, my own dear girl, my heart and eyes overflow with tenderness, while I tell you, with how warm and earnest prayers for your happiness here, and hereafter, I subscribe myself, your faithful friend .and most affeaionate Aunt, LETTER II IN OW proceed to give my dear niece some short sketches of the matter contained in the different books of the Bible, and of the course in which they ought to be : read . The first book , GENESIS, contains the moult grand, and, to us, the moult interesting events, that ever happened in the universe : - The creation of the world , and of man: : The deplorable fall of man, from his first state of excellence. and bliss, .to to the distressed condition in which we see all his descendants continue: The sentence of death pronounced on Adam, and on all his race with the reviving promise of that deliverance, which has since been wrought for us by our bleffed Saviour: The account of the early ftateof the world : Of the universal deluge: The division of mankind into different nations and languages: The story of Abraham, the founder of the Jewish people; whose unshaken faith and obedience, under the severest trial human nature could sustain, obtained such favour in the sight of God, that he vouchsafed to file him his friend, and promised promised to make of his posterity a great nation; and that in his seed that is in one of his defcendants all the kingdoms of the earth should be bleffd : this, you will easily see, re sers to the Messiah, who was to be the blessing and deliverance of all nations. It is amazing that the Jews, possessing this prophecy among many others, mhould have been so blinded by prejudice, as to have expected, from this great personage, only a temporal deliverance of theirown nation from the fubjetion to which they were reduced under the Romans: it is equally amazing, that some Christians should, even now, confine the blessed effets of VOL. I. D hi; his appearance upon earth, to this or that particular fe or profession, when he is so clearly and emphatically described as the Saviour of the whole world .