had the advantage of conversing with our Lord, to bear witness witness of his miracles and refurreetion and who, after his Ascension, were as sifted and inspired by the Holy Ghost. This sacred volume must be the rule of your life. in it you will find all truths , necessary to be believed and plain and easy directions, for the practice of every duty: Your Bible then must be your chief study and delight : but as it contains many various kinds of writing fume parts obscure and difficult of interpretation, others plain and intelligible to the meanest capacity i would principally recommend to your frequent perusal fulch parts of the holy writings as are most adapted to your underitanding, and most necessary for your inftruqion. Our Saviour's precepts were spoken to the common people amongst the Jews;. and were therefore given in a manner easy to be uoderftood, and equally striking and inftrutive to the learned and unlearned: for the most ignorant may comprehend them, whilst the wisest muss be charmed and awed, by the beautifut and majestic simplicity with which they are are expressed. - Of the same kind are. the Ten Commandments, spoken by. God to Moses; w hich, as they were designed for universal laws , are worded in the most concise and fimple.manner, yet. with a majesty which commands our utmost reverence.. I think you will, receive great pleasure, as well.as improvement, from the historical books of the Old Testament provided you read them as an history,, in a regular course, and keep the thread. of, it in your mind, as you go on. - I know of none, true or fictitious, that is equally wonderful , interesting, and as secting; or that is told in so short and simple a. manner as this, which is, of.ahl histories, the most authentic. In my. next letter,. I will give you some brief directions, concerning the method. and course I wish you to pursue, in reading the holy Scriptures. may you be. enabled to make the best use of this most precious gift of god this aicred treasury of knowledge May you read . the Bible, not. as a task, nor as the dull em -- - employment of that day only, in which you are forbidden more lively entertainments - but, with a sincere and ardent desire of inftrution; with that love and delight in God's word , which the holy Psalmist so pathetically felt and described, and which is the natural consequence of loving GOD and virtue Though I speak this of the Bible in general , I would not be understood to mean, that every part of the volume is equally interesting. I have already said, that it consists of various matter, and various kinds of books , which muss be read with different views and sentiments. The having some general notion of what you are to expet from each book may possibly help you to understand them, and heighten your relish of them i shall treat you as if you were perfectly new to the whole; for so I wish you to confider yourself; because the time and manner in which children usually read the Bible, are very ill calculated to make them really acquainted with it; and too many people who have read ; it thus, without understanding it in, their their youth, satisfy themselves that they know enough of it, and never afterwards study it with attention, when they come to a maturer age. Adieu, my beloved Niece! if the feelings of your heart, whilst you read my letters, correspond with those of mine, whilst I write them, I shall not be without the advantage of your partial assec tion, to give weight to my advice; for believe me, my dear girl, my heart and my eyes overflow with tenderners, while I tell you, with how warm and earnest prayers for your happiness here, and hereafter, I subscribe myself, your faithful friend and most affetionate aunt. LET. LETTER I. IN OW proceed to give my dear niece some short sketches of the matter contained in the different books of the bible and of the course in which they ought to be read The first book , GEN ss, contains the most grand, and, to us, the most interesting events that ever happened in the universe : The creation of the world , and of man : The deplorable fall of man, from his first state of excellence and bliss, to the difireffed condition in which we see all his descendants. continue : The sentence of death pronounced on Adam, and on all his race with the reviving promise of that deliverance, which has Gnce been wrought for us, by our blessed Saviour: The account of the early state of the world : of the universal deluge: The division of mankind into different nations and languages: The story of Abraham, Abraham, the founder of the Jewish people, whose unshaken faith and obedience, under the severest trial human nature could sustain, obtained such favour in the sight of God, that he vouchsafed to style him his friend, and promised to make of his posterity a great nation; and that in his seed that is, in one of his defcen dants all the kingdoms of the earth should be blessed: this, you will easily see, refers to the Mefiah, who was to be the blessing and deliverance of all nations. It is amazing that the Jews, possessing this prophecy, among many others, should, have been so blinded by prejudice, as to expet, from this great personage, only a temporal deliverance of their own nation from the fubjetion to which they were reduced under the romans it is equally amazing, that some Christians should,. even now, confine the blefed effects of his appearance upon earth, to this or that particular set or profession, when he is so clearly and emphatically described as. the Saviour of the whole world . the story of Abraham's proceeding to sacrifice fice his only son at the command of God, is affetingin