go through the same course of infiru&ion, are very apt .to forget what little they read .or K 4 hear hear on the fubje&t: I advise you therefore never to lose an opportunity of inquiring into the meaning of anything you meet with in poetry, or in painting, alluding to the history of any of the heathen deities, and of obtaining from some friend an explanation of its connexion with true history, or of its allegorical reference to morality or to physics. Natural philosophy , in thelargeft sense of the expreflioni is too wide a field for you to undertake; but, the study of nature , as fares may suit your powers and opportunities, you will find a most sublime entertainment: tainment: the objecs of this study are all the stupendous works of the Almighty.hand that lie within the reach of our observation. In the works of man perfecion is aimed at, but, it can only be found in those of the Creator. The contem, plation of perfetion must produce delight, and every natural object around you would offer this delight, if it could attra&t your attention: if you survey the earth, every leaf that trembles in the breeze, every blade of grass beneath your feet is a wonder as absolutely beyond the reach of human art to imitate as the construction of the universe .. Endless pleasures, to thole those who have a taste for them, might be derived from the endless variety to be found in the composition of this globe and its inhabitants. The foffil the vegetable and the animal world gradually riing in the scale of excellence the innumerable species of each, fill preserving their specific differences from age to age, yet of which no two individuals are ever perfetly alike afford such a range for observation and inquiry as might engross the whole term of our short life if followed minutely. Betides all the animal creation obvious to our unassisted senses, the eye, aided by philosophical inventions, tions, sees myriads of creatures, which by the ignorant are not known to have exigence : it sees all nature teem with life; every fluid each part of every vegetable and animal fwarm with its peculiar inhabitants - invisible to the naked' eye, but as perfect in all their parts, and enjoying life as indisputably, as the elephant or the whale. But, if from the earth, and from there minute wonders , the philosophic eye is raised towards the Heavens, what a stupendous scene there opens to it's view those brilliant lights that sparkle to the eye of ignorance as gems adorning the iky, or or as lamps to guide the traveller by night, assume an importance that amazes the understanding! - they appear to be worlds , formed like ours for a variety of inhabitants - or suns, enlightening numberless other worlds too distant for our discovery! I shall ever remember the acto nilhment and rapture with which my mind received this idea , when I was about your age; it was then perfectly new. to me, and it is impossible to describe the fenlfations I felt from the glorious, boundless profpetc of infinite beneficence burifing at once upon my imagination! Who can contemplate such a scene unmoved if your curiosity curiosity is excited to enter upon this noble inquiry, a few books on the subject , and those of the easiest sort, with some of the common experiments, may be sufficient for your purpofe which is to enlarge your mind, and to excite in it the most ardent gratitude and profound adoration towards that great and good Being, who exerts his boundless power in communicating various portions of happiness throughl all the immense regions of creation. mioral philosophy , as it relates to human actions, is of still higher importance than the study of nature . The works of the ancients on this subjec: are universally said to, to be entertaining'as well as instructive, by those who can read them in their original languages; and such of them as are well translated will undoubtedly, some years hence, afford you great pleasure and improvement. You will also find many agreeable and useful books , written originally in French, and in English, on morals and manners: for the present, there are works , which, without assuming the solemn air of philosophy , will enlighten your mind on these subjects , and introduce instruction in an easier dress: of this ibrt are many of the moral essays, that have appeared in periodical papers - which, which, when excellent in their kind as are the spesators, Guardians, Ramblers, and Adventurers are particularly useful to young people, as they comprehend a great variety of fubjeds introduce many ideas and observations that are new to them and lead to a habit of re. fleting on the characters and events that come before them in real life, which I confider as the best exercise of the understanding. Books on tafe and criticism will hereafter be more proper for you than at piefent: whatever can improve your discernment , and render your taste elegant and just, must, be be of great consequence to your enjoymnents as well as to the em bclifhment of your understanding. I would by no means exclude the kind of reading , which young people are naturally most, fond of; though I think the greatest care should be taken in the choice of those fiiftious Jiiries, that so enchant the mind - moq of which tend to inflame the paflons of youth, whilst the chief purpose of education should be to moderate and restrain them. Add to this, that both the writing and sentiments of most novels and romances are iuch as are only proper to vitiate your 6 your style, and to mislead your heart and understanding. The ex pe&ation of extraordinary adven tures which seldom ever happen to the sober and prudent part of mankind and the admiration of extravagant passions and absurd con duet, are some of the usual fruits of this kind of reading ; which, when a young woman makes it