the advantage of conversing with our Lord, to' bear witness of his miracles and refur rcetion and who, after his afcen sion, were assisted and inspired by the Holy Ghost. This sacred volume muss be the rule of your life. In it you will find all truths northeast ceilary to be believed; and plain and easy direcions, for the pratice of every duty: Your Bible then must' must be your chief study and delight: but, as it contains many va. rious kinds of writing fome parts obscure and difficult of interpretation, others plain and intelligible to the meanest capacity i would chiefly recommend to your frequent perusal such parts of the sacred writ. ings as are most adapted to your understanding, and most necessary for your initrution. Our Saviour's precepts were spoken to the common people amongst the Jews; and were therefore given in a manner easy to be understood, and equally striking and inftru&tive to the learn . ed and unlearned: for the most ignorant may comprehend them, - whilf whilst the wisest muss be charmed and awed, by the beautiful and majestic simplicity with which they are expressed. Of the same kind are the Ten Commandments, delivered by God to Moses; which, as they were designed for universal laws , are worded in the most concise and simple manner, yet with a majesty, which commands our utmost reverence. I think you will receive great pleasure, as well as improvement, from the historical books of the Old teftament provided you read them as an history, in a regular course, and keep the thread of it in your your mind, as you go on. I know of none, true or fictitious, that is equally wonderful , interesting, and affecting; or that is told in so short and simple a manner as this, which is, of all histories, the most authentic. In my next letter, I will give you tome brief directions, concerning the method and course I wilh you to pursue, in reading the holy scriptures. May you be enabled to make the best use of this most precious gift of god this sacred treasury of knowledge ! May you read the Bible, not as a talk, nor as the dull employment of that day only in in which you are forbidden more lively entertainments but, with a sincere and ardent desire of instruction; with that love and delight in God's word , which the holy Psalmist so pathetically felt, and described, and which is the natural consequence of loving God and vir tue! though I speak this bs the Bible in general , I would not be understood to mean, that every part of the volume is equally interesting. I have already said, that it consists of various matter, and various kinds of books , which muss be read with different views and sentiments. The having some general notion of what you are to expect from each book .may may possibly help you to understand them, and heighten your relish of them. I Shall treat you as if you were perfectly new to the whole; for so I with you to confider yourself; because the time and manner, in which children usually read the Bible, are very ill calculated to make them really acquainted with it; and too many people who have read it thus, without understanding it in their youth, satisfy themselves that they know enough of it, and never afterwards ifudy it with attention, when they come to a maturer age. Adieu, Adieu, my beloved Niece! If the feelings of your heart, whilst you read my letters, correspond with. those of mine, whilst I write them, I shall not be without the advantage of your partial affection, to give weight to my advice; for believe me, my own dear girl, my heart and eyes overflow with tenderness, while I tell you, with how warm and earnest prayers for your happiness here, and hereafter, I subscribe myself, your faithful friend and most affectionate Aunt. L E T T E R II I NO W proceed to give my dear niece some short sketches of the matter contained in the different books of the Bible, and of the course in which they ought to be read . The first book , GENESIS, contains the most grand, and, to us, the most interefing events, that ever happened in the univers - creation of the world , and of man: The deplorable fall of man, from his first slate of excellence and bliss, to to the diltrefed condition in which we see all his descendants continue: The sentence of death pronounced on Adam, and on all his race with the reviving promise of that deli. verance, which has since been wrought for us by our blessed Saviour: The account of the early fiateof the world : -- Of the universal deluge: The division of mankind into different nations and languages: The story of Abraham, the founder of the Jewish people; whose unshaken faith and obedience, under the severest trial human nature could sustain, obtained such favour in the sight of God, that he vouchsafed to style him his friend, and 4 promised promised to make of his posterity a. great nation; and that in his seed that is in one of his defcendants all the kingdoms of the earth should be blessed: this, you will easily see, re sers to the Messiah, who was to bethe blefing and deliverance of all nations. It is amazing that the Jews, possessing this prophecy among many others, Should have been so blinded by prejudice, as to have expeted, from this great personage, only a temporal deliverance of their own nation from the subjection to which they were reduced under the Romans: it is equally amazing, that fume Christians should, even now, confine the blessed effeets of VOL. 1. D his. his appearance upon earth, to this or that particular le or profession, when he is to clearly and emphatically described as the Saviour of the whole world . the flory of Abraham's proceeding to sacrifice his