but the great ft maitter of nature , and the most per fct charaaderiztr of men and manners: ' in this last point of view , I think him inestimable; and I am persuaded that, in the course of your life, you will seldom find occasion to corrfe those observations on human nature , and those principles of i.orality, which you may extra from his capital pieces. You will at first find his language difficult; but, if you take the affltance of a friend, who understands it well, you will by degrees enter into his mar: ner cf'phrafeology, and perceive a thousand beauties, which at first lay buried in obsolete words and uncouth coi itruflions. The admirable E.jay on Shak ipeare, which has lately appeared, so much to the honour of our sex, will open your mind to the peculiar excellencies of this .uthor, and enlighten your judgement on <ramatic poetry in general , with such force cf reason and brilliancy of wit, as csann.ot fail to delight as well as initruct you. Our great English poet, Milton, is as far above my praise as his Paradie Los is above any tinhing ch I am able to read , except except the sacred writers . The sublimity of his subject sometimes leads him into abltrufenels; but many parts of his great poem are easy to all comprehensions , and must find their way diretly to every heart by the tenderness and delicacy of his sentiments, in which he is not less ffriking ly excellent than in the richness and sublimity of his imagination. Addison's criticism in the Spetators, written with that beauty, elegance, and judgement, which distinguish all his writings, will assist you to understand and to relish this poem. It is needless to recommend to you the - translations of Homer and Virgil, which everybody reads that reads at all. You must have heard that Homer is esteemed the father of poetry, the original fror whence all the moderns not excepting miilton himfelf borrow some of their greatest beauties, and from whlom they extrat those rules for composition, which are found most agreeable to nature and true taste. Virgil, you know, is the next in rank amongst the lassies: You will read his Uneid with cxtrcm pleasure, if ever you are able to read Italian, in Annibal Caro's tranflatiop; the idiom of the Latin aid Italian languages being more 03 alike alike, it is, I believe, much closer, yet Prcfcrvcs more of the spirit of the ori,; i: al than the English translations. For the rest, same will point ou to you the nmof coniiderable of our poets; and I would not exclude any of name, among those whose motality is unexceptionable: but of poets, as of all other authors , I iifh you to read only such as are properly recommended to you fince there are many who debase their divine art, by abusing it to the purposes of vice and impiety. If you could read poetry with a judicious rir.ed, who would lead your judgement to a true discernment of its beauties and defc&s, it would inexpressibly heighten both your pleasure and improvement. But, before you enter upon this, some acquaintance with the Heathen Mythology is necessary. I think that you must before now. have met with some book under the title of The Panlthen: And, if once you know as much of the gods and goddefies as the most common books on the subject will tell ycu, the rest may be learned by reading Homer: but then you muss particularly attend to him in this view . I do not expec you to penetrate those numerous myfteries thofe amazing depths of morality, religion, and metaphyfics which some some pretend to have discovered in his mythology; but to know the names and principal offices of the gods arid goddesses, with some idea of their moral meaning, seems requisite to the understanding almost any poetical composition. As an instance of the moral meaning I speak of, I will mention an observation of Bossuet, That Homer's poetry was particularly recommended to the Greeks by the superiority which he ascribes to them over the Asiatics: this superiority is shown in the Iliad, not only in the conquest of Asia by the Greeks, and in the actual destruction of its capital, but in the division and arrangement of the gods, who took part with the contending nations. On the fide of Asia was Venus -- that is, sensual pas. fion pleafure and effeminacy. On the fide of Greece was juno that is, matronly gravity and conjugal love; together with mercury invention and eloquence and jupiter or political wisdom. On the fide of Asia was Mars, who represents brutal valour and blind fury. On that of Greece was pallas that is, military discipline, nid bravery, guarded by judgement. This, and many other instances that might be produced, will ihow you how much much of the beauty of the poet's art must be lost to you, without some notion of these allegorical personages. Boys, in their fchool learning , have this kind of knowledge impressed on their minds by a variety of books ; but women, who do not.go through the same course of inftrution, are very apt to forget what little they read or hear on the subject : I advife'you there fere never to lose an opportunity of inquiring into the meaning of anything you meet with in poetry, or in painting, alluding to the history of any of the heathen ceities, and of obtaining from some friend an explanation of its conne¢tion with true history, or of its allegorical reference to morality or to physics. Natural Philosophy , in the largest sense of the expression, is too wide a field for cu to undertake; but, the iftudy of nature , as far as may suit your powers ani orportunities, you will find a moult sublime entertainment: the objects of this study zre all the stupendous works of the Al miglty Hand that lie within the reach of cur observation. In the works of man