the precepts of our. blessed Lord and Saviour, delivered from his own mouth to his disciples, and repeated and enlarged upon in the edifying epistles of his Apostles -- ' who were men chosen from amongst those, who had the advantage of converting with our Lord, to bear wirnefs of his miracles and refur refion and who, after his afcen sion, were afflfted and inspired by. the Holy Ghost. This sacred volume must be the rule of your life. In it you will find all truths necessary to be believed; and plain and easy directions, for the practice of every duty: Your Bible then must must be your chief 'fudy and delight: but, as it contains many various kinds of writing fome parts obscure and difficult of interpretation, others plain and intelligible to the meanest capacity i would chiefly recommend to your frequent perusal such parts of the sacred writings as are moult adapted to your underifanding, and mols necessary for your inftruaion. Our Saviour's precepts were spoken to the common people amongst the Jews; and were therefore given in a manner easy to be understood, and equally striking and instructive to the learn ,, and unlearned: for the most ignorant may comprehend them, whilst whilst the wisest must be charmed and awed, by the beautiful and ma jelfic finplicity with which they are expressed. Of the same kind are the Ten Commandments, delivered by God to Moses; which, as they were designed for universal laws , are worded in the most concise and simple manner, yet with a majesty, which commands our utmost reverence. I think you will receive great pleasure, as well as improvement, from the historical books of the Old teftament provided you read them as an hiffory, in a regular course, and keep the thread of it in your your mind, as you go on. I know of none, true or fictitious, that is equally wonderful , interesting, and affecting; or that is told in so short and simple a manner as this, which is, of all histories, the most authentic. In my next letter, I will give you some brief directions, concerning the method and course 1 wish you to pursue, in reading the holy scriptures. May you be enabled to make the best use of this most precious gift of god this sacred treasury of knowledge ! May you read the Bible, not as a task, nor as the dull employment of that day only 4 in in which you are forbidden more lively entertainments but, with a sincere and ardent desire of infiruc tion; with that love and delight in God's word , which the holy Psalmist so pathetically felt, and de. scribed, and which is the natural consequence of loving God and virtue Though I speak this of the Bible in general , I would not be understood to mean, that every part of the volume is equally interesting. I have already said, that it consists of various matter, and various kinds of books , which must be read with different views and sentiments. The having some general notion of what you are to expec from each book may may possibly help you to understand them, and heighten your relish of them. I shall treat you as if you were perfecly new to the whole; for so I wish you to confider yourself, because the time and manner, in which children usually read the Bible, are very ill calculated to make them really acquainted with it; and too many people who have read it thus, without understanding it in their youth, satisfy themselves that they know enough of it, and never afterwards study it with attention, when they come to a maturer age. Adieu, my beloved Niece! If the 7 feelings feelings of your heart, whilst you read my letters, correspond with those of mine, whilst I write them, I stall not be without the advantage of your partial affection, to give weight to my advice; for believe me, my own dear girl, my heart and eyes overflow with tenderness, while I tell you, with how warm and earnest prayers for your happiness here, and hereafter, 1 sub. scribe myself, your faithful friend' and mdft affeiionate Aunt. L E T T ER II INO W proceed to give my dear niece some short ketches of the matter contained in the different books of the Bible, and of the course in which they ought to be read .. The first book , GENESIS, contains the moult grand, and, to us, the most interesting events, that ever happened in the universe : The creation of the world , and of man: The deplorable fall of man, from his first state of excellence and bliss, to to the distressed condition in which we see all his descendants continue: The sentence of death pronounced on Adam, and on all his race with the reviving promise of that deliverance, which has since been wrought for us by our blefied Saviour: The account of the early state of the world : Of the universal deluge: The division of mankind into different nations and languages: The story of Abraham, the founder of the Jewish people; wvhofe unshaken faith and obedience, under the severest trial human nature could sustain, obtained such favour in the sight of God, that he vouch. fafed to file him his friend, and promired promised to make of his posterity a great nation; and that in his seed that is in one of his defcendants all the kingdoms of the earth should be blessed: this, you will easily see, re sers to the Messiah, who was to be the blessing and deliverance of all nations. It is amazing that the Jews, possessing this prophecy among many others, should have been so blinded by prejudice, as to have expected, from this great personage, only a temporal deliverance of their own nation from the fubjeaion to which they were reduced.under the Romans: it is equally amazing, that some Christians should, even now, confine the blessed effets of VOL. I.