requisite to the understanding almost any poetical compoeition. As an instance of the ioral meaning I Speak of, I will mention an observation of Bossuet, K 3 That That Homer's poetry was particu : arly recommended to the Greeks by the superiority which he ascribes to them over the Asiatics; this superiority is shown in the Iliad, not ?only in the conquest of Asia by the Greeks, and in the actual destruction of its capital, but in the division and arrangement of the gods, who took part with the contending nations. On the fide of Asia was 7venus that is, sensual pawon pleafure and effeminacy. On the fide of Greece was juno that is, matronly gravity and conjugal love; together with Mercuy -- invention and eloquence and yupiter or poiitical wisdom. On the fide of Asia Afla was Mars, who represents brutal valour and blind fury. On that of Greece was pallas that is military discipline, and bravery, guarded by judgement. This, and many other instances that might be produced, will show you how much of the beauty of the poet's art must be lost to you, without some notion of these allegorical personages. Boys, in their fchool learning , have this kind of knowledge impressed on their minds by a variety of books ; but women, who do 'not go through the same course of inftrution, are very apt to forget what little they read or K 4 hear hear on the subjec : I advise you therefore never to lose an opportunity of inquiring into the meaning of anything you meet with in poetry, or in painting, alluding to the history of any of the heathen deities, and of obtaining from some friend an explanation of its connexion with true history, or of its allegorical reference to morality or to physics. Natural philosophy , in the largerl Ifnfe of the expression, is too wide a field for you to undertake; but, tihe study of nature , as far as may flit your powers and opportunities, you will find a most sublime enter. tainment tainment : the objees of this study are all the stupendous works of the Almighty Hand that lie within the reach of our observation. In the works of man perfection is aimed at, but, it can only be found in those of the Creator. The contemplation of perfeetion must produce delight, and every natural objet around you would offer this delight, if it could attract your attention : if you survey the earth, every leaf that trembles in the breeze, every blade of grass beneath your feet, is a wonder as absolutely beyond the reach of human art to imitate as the conftruetion of the universe . Endless pleasures, to those those who have a taste for them, might be derived from the endless variety to be found in the composition of this globe and its inhabitants. The foitil the vegetable and the animal world gradually rising in the scale of excellence the innumerable species of each, frill preserving their specific differences from age to age, yet of which no two individuals are ever perfectly alike afford such a range for observation and inquiry as might engross the whole term of our short life if followed minutely. Betides all the animal creation obvious to our unassisted senses, the eye, aided by philosophical inventions, tions, sees myriads of creatures, which by the ignorant are not known to have existence : it sees all nature teem with life; every fluid each part of every vegetable and animal fwarn with its peculiar in habitants invifible to the naked eye, but as perfet in all their parts, and enjoying life as indisputably, as the elephant or the whale. But, if from the earth, and from these minute wonders , the philosophic eye is raised towards the Heavens, what a stupendous scene there opens to its view thole brilliant lights that sparkle to the eye of ignorance as gems adorningothe fry, 5 or or as lamps to guide the traveller by night, assume an importance that amazes the underltanding! they appear to be worlds , formed like ours for a variety of inhabitants orfuiis enlightening numberless other worlds too di!lant for our discovery! I shall ever remember the astonishment and rapture with which my mind received this idea , ' when I was about your age; it was then perfectly new to me, and it is, impossible to describe the sensations I felt from the glorious, boundless profpe: t of infinite beneficence bursting at once upon my imagination! - Who can contemplate such a scene unmoved if your curiosity curiosity is excited to enter upon this noble inquiry, a few books on the subjea, and those of the easiest sort, with rome of the common experiments, may be sufficient for your purpofe which is to enlarge your mind, and to excite in it the most ardent gratitude and profound adoration towards that great and good Being, who exerts his boundless power in communicating various portions of hapinefs through all the immense regions of creation. Moral philosophy , as it relates to human actions, is of still higher importance than the study of nature . The works of the ancients on this subjea are universally said to to be entertaining as well as instructive, by those who can read them in their original languages; and such of them as are well translated will undoubtedly, some years hence, afford you great pleasure and improvement. You will also find: many agreeable and useful books , written originally in French, and in English, on morals and mainers: for the present, there are wprks, which, without afuming the solemn air of philosophy , will enlighten your mind on there fubjets, and introduce inftrution in an ea. sier dress: of this sort are many of the moral effys, that have appeared in periodical papers - which, which, when excellent in their kind as are the Spetators, Guardians, Ramblers, and Adventurers. are particularly useful to young people, as they comprehend a great variety of fubje&s introduce many ideas , and