conformably " to the ancient laws framed againf them: C which is true; for, in the year io " before the vulgar ara, they were bac nifhed from Rome by a decree of " the senate; and the prator, M. Pom" " was charged to see that none ' of them remained in the city; be,, ' they were, according to hifto C rians, looked upon as dangerous bab" " who, in reasoning upon virtue, c"deltroyed its foundation ; and as ca" " of changing the simplicity of "ancient manners by their vain so" " and of instilling into the minds ," of youth opinions pernicious to their " country. It was upon the same prin" -" and for the same reasons , that * See M. Crevier's Roman History" " ( 99) t the elder Cato sent three philosophic " ambassadors precipitately from Rome. " ... After this, what think you of " M. de Voltaire, when he coolly ad" " That history offers no instance" " a philosopher opposed hi nfelf " to the will of the prince and govern" " We have omitted many sacs, "which would fully prove the contrary of what M. de Voltaire ad" " with so much assurance; among "others, the books of the philosopher " Cremutius cordus, burnt by order of " the Roman senate, c" " is not surprising; that Pagan philosophers could neither agree among themselves, nor render their works truly useful to mankind . Their religion favoured vice and licentiousness; it was impossible it could serve as the basis of a pure and severe moral. These philosophers perceived this; they showed contempt for absurd fables; but did not comprehend, that impiety and athe * Letters de quelques Juifs, tom. i. H 2 ism ( o100 ism have still more fatal inconveniences, than those which arise from superstition. They took away the fear of the gods: and what did they give in exchange for this salutary sentiment Incomprehensible systems , and imper set or false definitions of virtue. If they had created the most ingenious fyilems, and given the sublimest lessons of virtue, had they agreed among themselves, they would have had but a transient influence on morals; they wanted authority , to obtain from men the sacrifice of their pafisons: it is orders from Heaven, and not human counsels, which are necessary. The exhortations of the most sublime philosophy will always be vain and fruitless: religion alone has the right of commanding, and the power of enforcing obedience. Ancient philosophers are undoubtedly excusable, in not having perceived the truth of these principles : but what must we think of modern philosophers, who have sought to destroy a religion, lwhofe moral is as sublime as ( 101) as it is pure? Why reject the Gospel, when the interest alone of humanity ought to cause all its salutary maxims to be adopted; when, finally, all in ftrutions might be founded upon this solid and sacred base? Who are the greatest moralills, and who are the real preceptors and benefactors of mankind ? Let not these beloved and revered names be sought for among the impious and unbelieving. No; these men, whose adored memories will never perish, drew their principles , and the great lessons they have left us, from the Gospel *. "The authors of the sacred writings ' have drawn from the most sure lights " of reason , the whole foundation of "their doctrine ; and traced, upon the " natural destination of man, the en" " plan of the system with which Has irreligious philosophy ever produced works comparable to tclemachus au petit Carlme of Maf fillon aux Pecfres de pafchal to the English Specta tor the novels of Richardson, c?? works , which contain not a single page that the mother of a family would not put into the hands of her daughter. H 3 " they ( i02) " they present him. All that the book , " whose contents Christians refpet as the " deposit of divine revelations, proposed " or commanded to men, only tends to strengthen the ties which unite them " to God and society, and render infinitely dear to them all the duties which ' this double union imposes. In show "ing us man coming fi-om the hands "of God, immediately associated to a "being of the same kind, whom he "acknowledged as flc of his ficfl, and " bone of his bone, it first discovers to " us an abridgement of the economy of " religion, which attributes everything " to God, as the eternal source and immutable certer of all intelligence ; and " the establishment of society, as the first ' slate of mankind , as an imperihfable " body, to which eternity is promised. And especially when we see all the ge" " of the earth, descended from " one man only, as the common father " of the immortal family; we find the powerful interest of nature and blood, "Cjoined to all the motives which en 5 " gauge ( i03) " gauge us to love mankind , and con,, our whole power to the maintenance of order and public unity. " The decalogue, of such remote ariti ( quity, given to us by Moles, as coming from the bofomof infinitewifdom, " contains absolutely no more than the " rule of conduct which man ought to " follow, to be just before God, and r good towards his fellow citizens. And " in the Gospel, Christ comes to insist " with new force upon these two points, " which contain everything: he makes " but one precept of the love of God XC and men; and this precept he calls, " the first and gretat el of all, his own,, by way of excellence. He derives, "from this, the series of his morality; " and has not said a single word , which " tends not to make God adored in spirit and in truth , and to fill our, hearts with the most generous and "tender love for our brethren. He gives us