.... Truth seemed concentered, in a corner of M ofts livel three hundred years before the taking of Trcy. '. the ( 9') ' the earth, with the people of Israel .... Christ appeared; as the light coming from darkness dissipates the obscurity of the night, so did the Gospel ' dissipate the fallhoods of men, and present them with ' a torch of immortal light. In order to perceive that C which is the most aflonilhing in this prerogative,. let us trace it to its origin. Let us compare the truth of the Gospel, its simplicity, its purity, and C its lustre, with all the human produtions of those ' times. What a triumph for religion! How ridicu ' lous it renders the excessive esteem which our philosophers have for their reason , and their contempt of ' revelation! If they .be more enlightened than Epi ' eurus or Aristotle with respect to morality,. it is not t that they have more genius and penetration, but because they live in different ages. Religion even, which they treat contumeliously, has given them in -- : ftru&ions ." Reason only would not have boen able to destroy idolatry; and, according to the judicious remark of Bail, man flood in need of a revealed l.ght, which could supply the. deficiency of philosophical 'light. The Pagan. philosophers clearly perceived the abfiurdity of their religion: but deprived of the knowledge of truth , their vain speculations, their extravagant systems , were no better than the errors they combated t, and alihoft all of them propagated opinions more pernicious to the. happiness of man than all the absurdities of mythology.. Some denied the liberty of man, or profefed athe -- ism; others approved and adviscd filicide; whilst * Letters Cr: tiqies de Monsieur l'abbc Gauchat, tom i. '' It wasa philosopher of great fame , and full of ge. nium, who invented the fyliem of the metenifychofi; and certainly lh. founldation of mythology i, inhbitely left absurd than that irange doctrine . t The ser of the Hegeriacs had for chief Hegeriac of Cyrena, who lived about four hundred aln liixteen years before Chrill. He was surnamed the Orator of Death.. he exhorted his disciples to kill themselves the moment they Ihoull be the lead disgusted with. lfe. E 5 several,. C 92) several, more ridiculously absurd, kept schools, and persuaded their disciples to study , for the sole purpose of teaching them to doubt of everything, and neither to believe their reason nor their hearts, neither that which they saw, nor that which they heard. The precepts of Epicurus favoured.the most dangerous inclinations: the Cynic philosophers presented the mofd monstrous assemblage of an horrid depravity united to the motl impudent effrontery :. the Stoics, the modt virtuous philosophers of all antiquity, disgraced their doctrine by maintaining extravagant opinions , and they were so inconceivably inconfifient as to approve of the infamous irregularities of the Cynics *.. Attached to their own opinions , such are the men who have the greatest genius . Some reflections of the author of the Lellres Ciiiliqcs upon modern paganism will throw more light upon this truth . , Let us not quote," says he, ' Africa and Ame. ( rica, the people there are ftupefied and degraded; h but China and Japan are polified countries; arts, laws , and letters are there held in estimation. Will ' it be denied that in these vast countries there are no philosophers endowed with penetration, judgement, ' and uprightness? Why therefore do not they perceive ' the inconceivable absurdity of the idolatry which they profess? why cannot they elevate themselves to the idea which seems so. natural , that of a Supreme Being who has created all things? why do not they k now, at least, the truths which, according to our modern Deists, mntf Arike the eyes of every man of a sensible mind? Illuflriojls dre eminence of the Christian religion!. As soon as it penetrated these climates, armed with the light of a missionary full of simplicity and of candour, it triumphed over the wisdom of philosophers; as soon as it had retired they reentered darkness: and it is thus that, in every age,. revelation has caused the true Gcd to be known! In vain would ungrateful philosophers deny this gift, See a; k, tom. II 'and ( 93) ( and attribute to their genius only that which is a gift ( of faith! They are themselves ignorant of the true source of their wisdom: it comes from a Chrillian education %.' Indeed men given up to their own understandings, when they are not depraved, cannot believe that the universe is the work of hazard; they see in nature evident proofs that a Supreme intelligence has created all: they perceive also that the soul must outlive the perish able body which it animates, and that it will find in another life eternal punishments or rewards. This is what reason itself teaches to all men; it preserves them from atheism, and gives them just notions of the dignity of their being. But it cannot elevate their minds to the knowledge of the Author of nature . This was too sublime to be conceived by man without the aid of revelation. All people vho have been deprived of this light have been idolaters, have admitted a plurality of. deities; and, as the writer which I have just quoted. remarks, the history of the ancients, and of modern paganism, incontellably proves this truth . All false. religions have taught and till teach idolatry; the Mahometan religion cannot be quoted as a proof of the contrary. Mahomet was born towards the ead of the. sixth century; his mother was a Jewess, and everybody knows that this impostor drew from.holy writ the idea of an only God; and that many passages of the; Alcoran are taken from the same sacred source. It is in vain repeated, that polytheifin is but a cor nlption of atherifm. I do not comprehend it so, and both ancient and modern history prove this