RELIGIO N Considered as the only BASIS of H A P P I N E S S, AND OF TRUE PHILOSOPHY . VOL. II R E L I G I O N Considered as the only BASIS of HA P P I N E S S AND OF TRUE PHILOSOPHY . A WORK written for the Infruction of the Children of his Moult Serene Highness the DUKE OF ORLEANS; And in which the Principles of modern pretended Philosophers are laid open and refuted. BY Madame the Marchioness of SILLERY, HERETOFORE COUNTESS OF GENLIS. " II y a dans les maximes de I'evangile une noblefln et une cleva " tion ou les coeurs vils et rampans northeast fauroient attcindre. La Re" " qui fait les grandes ames, northeast paroit faite que pour else; " ct il faut etre grand, ou le devenir, pour etre Chretien." Malfillon, second Dimanche du petit Careme, fur Ie refpec7 que Isle Grands doivent la Religion. " There is in the maxims of the Gospel a nobleners, an elevation, C which bale and servile souls cannot attain. Religion, which " forms great minds, appears to be made for them alone and it is " necessary to be great, or to become so, to be a Christian." IN TWO VOLUMES . VOL. II LONDON: Printed for T. PAIN and SON, at the Mews Gatei T. CADELL, and P. ELMSLY, in the Strand. M. DCC. LXXXVII R E, I G I O N CONSIDERED AS THE ONLY BASIS OF H A P P I N E SS AND OF TRUE PHILOSOPHY . CHAP. XVI FALSEHOODS, CONTRADICTIONS, INSINCERITY, INCONSEQUENCE, COP THE DETRACTERS OF RELIGION. Nconfequence and contradiction are the mos certain marks of error or of imposture; and it is universally acknowledged, that .the philosophical works of the present age offer, in every page, evident proofs of the falsity of the principles which they are meant to establish . Philosophers have been so frequently convicted of contradicting each other, that it was impossible they VOL. II. b3 hold ( 2) should not confess it; but, being willing to take advantage of this inconvenience of their doctrine , they have pretended that there contradictions proved at least that they did not form a particular fje in the itate. " If we were united," said they, " by a secret association, we " Should be all of one opinion , we should" " one system only." No: that harmony cannot exist but among those who maintain the cause of truth . Virtuous philosophers, who made the maxims of the Gospel the basis of their morality, Fenelon, Nicole, Pascal, Abbadie, Maffillon, Addison, Clarke, Richardson, c. formed no fe: born in different countries.or times, they could not communicate to each other their ideas ; yet they were of the same opinion ; their pure and sublime morality is founded upon the same principles ; it presents no iriconfequences nor contradictions. Pretended 'modern philosophers could neither understand each other' nor aft in concert; where truth is wanting, order , harmony, regularity, and unity of plan, are never found. Brilliant'talents, great ( 3) great success, fortune, and the spirit of cabal and intrigue, gave M. de Voltaire a dazzling authority and reputation: his irreligion revolted, unhappily, but a very small part of the public, and obtained him. the suffrages of an infinitely more numerous class: his Epicurean : morality pleated the men of the world ; that pride and that vindictive huimour which prompted him to defame indiscriminately, to calumniate without scruple, the objecs of his hatred.; that multitude of atrocious libels which have come from his pen, rendered him formidable to .his adversaries, and must have inspired a fear of exciting his enmity. His docility with his partisans, the flatteries, the praises which he lavished upon them, the art of setting off to advantage talents which could not give him umbrage; all there little artifices, employed with address and perseverance during upwards of fifty years, .formed him insensibly a numerous body of admirers and enthusiasts, of which he was the adored chief B. for for half a. century.; : and which lost at his death the credit, power, and even the name of a Sea, which the public had given to it: therefore, the weaknesses, errors, and transports of M. de Voltaire, far from diminishing the eclat of his reputation, : have only served to render it more brilliant. ihe has .written : works which will ever .be. admired by feniible minds. and found judgments : he has written many others unworthy of himself, but whose licence, and even ob fceiity, gained him the applaufe of all men without principles , and who have called some of thefe'abominable productions, Les Chefs d'rtevres de leur.auteur; as if it did not require a thousand times greater talents to'write'a tragedy, fuch'as Alzire, or even a canto of the Henriade, 'than to compose works wherein .the most monstrous extravagance of imagination is conftant!y permitted, If M. de Voltaire had given to. the public neither.his libels against his enemies, nor that infinity of volumes filled with impiety, and which wounds equally reason , fine taste, and decency, he would have certainly been been. greater in. the eyes of equitable posterity; .but he would have made less noise during his life. Zapata le Viel lard d caucaufe l'a, b, c le Dictionnaire philofophique -- Letters d'anmabed Les colemafons du frere l', Efcarbou tier, cc. with many other productions of this kind, as bad as they are licentious, are already in oblivion; but when they appeared, they found approvers. The partisans of M. de Voltaire exclaimed, in boasting. of these dull performances, that the author had an inexhauftibl gaiety; and, notwithstanding the fatiguing and constant repetition of the same ideas notwithftanding the obscenity of the expressions, and rudeness of the injuries, the multitude repeated the eulogiums lavished by the cabal; whilf people of sense and refinement , whose number is always very small , were affli.ted by feeing a great man make use of Iqofe buffooneries, and degrade, at once, by such writings, both his talents and his chara&ter. Can