of re ·! If they be more enlightened "' than Epicurus or Aristotle with respect " to morality, it is not that they have " more genius and penetration, but because they live in different ages. Reli " gion even, which they treat contumeli " oufly, has given them inftru&tions*." Reason only would not have been able to destroy idolatry; and, according to the judicious remark of Bail, man flood in need of a revealed light, which could Jupply the deficiency of philofphical light. The Pagan philosophers clearly perceived the absurdity of their religion: * Letters Critiques de Monsieur 1'abbc Gau chat, tom. i. N 4 but, ( 84) but, deprived of the knowledge of truth , their vain speculations, their extravagant systems , were no better than the errors they combated, and almost all of them propagated opinions more pernicious to the happiness of man than all the absurdities of mythology. Some denied the liberty of man, or professed atheism; others approved and advised suicide t; whilst feveal, more ridiculously absurd, kept schools, and persuaded their disciples to itudy, for the sole purpose of teaching them to doubt of everything, and neither to believe their reason nor their hearts, neither that which they saw, nor that which they heard. The precepts of * It was a philosopher of great fame , and full of genius , who invented the system of the metempsychosis; and certainly the foundation of mythology is infinietly less absurd than that tirange doctrine . t The sec of the Hegeriacs had for chief He geriac of Cyrena, who lived about four hundred and sixteen years before Christ. He was surnamed the Orator of Death, because he exhorted his disciples to kill thcm!elvcs the moment they Should be the least difguited with life. Epicurus ( 185) Epicurus favoured the most dangerous inclinations: the Cynic philosophers presented the most monstrous assemblage of an horrid depravity united to the mofit impudent effrontery: the Stoics, the most virtuous philosophers of all antiquity, disgraced their doctrine by maintaining extravagant opinions , and they were so inconceivably inconfillent as to approve of the infamous irregularities of the Cynics. Attached to their own opinions , such are the men who have the greatest genius . Some reflections of the author of the Letters Critiques upon modern pa ganifin will throw more light upon this truth . "Let us not quote," says he, " Africa (( and America, the people there are ftu C pefied and degraded; but China and "Japan are polished countries; arts, " laws , and letters are there held in efti " mation. Will it be denied that in "' there vafi countries there are no phi * baye, tom. III "lofophers ( i86) C lofophers endowed with penetration, "judgement, and uprightness? Why - therefore do not they perceive the inc conceivable absurdity of the idolatry, ' which they profess? why cannot they -- elevate themselves to the idea which " feenms so natural , that of a Supreme Being who has created all things? why do do not they know, at leat, the truths " which, according to our modern Deists, " must strike the eyes of every man C of a sensible mind? Illustrious pre - of the Christian religion! As c ioon as it penetrated these climates, " armed with the light of a missionary A" full offimplicity and of candour, it tric umphed over the wisdom of philofo t, phers; as loon as it h ad retired they rex' entered darkness: and it is thus that, t" in every age, revelation has caused the " true God to be known! In vain would I ungrateful philosophers deny this gift, f and attribute to their genius only that which is a gift of faith! They ar: themselves ignorant of the true "source ( 87) CC source of their wisdom: it comes " from a Christian education ." Indeed men given up to their own understandings, when they are not depraved, cannot believe that the universe is the work of hazard; they see in nature evident proofs that a Supreme intelligence has created all: they perceive also that the soul must outlive the periflable body which it animates, and that it will find in another life eternal puniflments or rewards. This is what reason itself teaches to all men; it preserves them from athe ifin and gives them just notions of the dignity of their being. But it cannot elevate their minds to the knowledge of the author of nature . This was too sublime to be conceived by man without the aid of revelation. All people who have been deprived of this light have been idolaters, have admitted a plu., rality of deities; and, as the writer which I have just quoted remarks, the history of the ancients, and of modern paganifim, incontestably proves this truth . * Letters Criticques, tom. i. All ( iss) All false religions have taught and still teach idolatry; the Mahometan religion cannot be quoted as a proof of the contrary. Mahomet was born towards the end of the sixth century; his mother was a Jewess, and everybody knows that this impostor drew from holy writ the idea of an only God; and that many paffiges of the Alcoran are taken from the same sacred source. It is in vain repeated that polytheism is but a corruption of theifin. I do not comprehend it so, and both ancient and modern history prove this opinion to be false. In the fine ages of Greece and Rome, the people of these countries, so juilly renowned for their genius for the arts; these people, whom their artists, philosophers, orators, and poets have rendered so famous; these people, the remembrance of whom will never be lost, were nevertheless plunged into the most profound idolatry. Whilst, in a corner of the globe, another people, obscure and not numerous, a people finnple and frugal, who have left upon the earth no ( i8) ho monument of architelcure, a people among whom there were never any philosophers, previously preserved, from the