men, whose adored memories will never perish, drew their principles , and the great lefons they have left us, from the Gospel. ' The authors of the sacred writings have drawn from 'the moil fire lights of reason , the whole foundation ' of their dofrine; and traced, upon the natural def 'in tion of man, the entire plan of the fyltem with wlich they present him. All that the book , whose ' contents Chrifians refpe&t as the deposit of divine re' ' proposed or commanded to men, only tends to strengthen the ties which unite them to God and. society, and render infinitely dear to them all the duties which this double union imposes. In fllewing i man coming from the hands of God, immediately associated to a being of the same kind, whonm'le acs knowledged as fjjh of lis flef, and bone of his Lone, it sir s discovers to us an airidgmelnt of the economy of religion, which attributes ever tling to God, as the eternal source and immutable centre of all intelligence ; and the establishment of society, as the firh llate of mankind , as an imperifllable body, ' to which eternity is promifizd. And especially when * His irreligiou phiil]f.l: hv ever p. oduced works con: : el m ihu, r.! picti CI, nme of Mlafiiloll i ri pen.r'is el Prifhral -- to the English speciator the iovel of Riclirdfon, c?? worls, which contain ot a.fiiele pige that tile mother ofa fimily would not 't into thelhands of L cr daughter. wc (54) C we see all the generations of the earth, descended from one man only, as the common father of the immortal family; we find the powerful interest of nature cand blood, joined to all the motives which engage us to love mankind , and consecrate our whole power to the maintenance of order and public unity. The decalogue, of such remote antiquity, given to us by Moses, as coming from the bosom of Infinite Wisdom, contains absolutely no more than the rule of condue& which man ought to follow, to be just before God, and good towards his fellow citizens. And in the Gospel, ' Christ comes to insist with new force upon these two points, which contain everything: he makes but one precept of the love of God and men; and this precept he calls, the f.; s and greatjil all, his own, by way of excellence. He derives, from this, the series of his morality; and has not said a single word , which tends not to make God adored in spirit and in truth , and to fill our hearts with the woft generous and tender love for our brethren. He gives us as many examples as precepts , of respect and submission to higher powers. He does not even distinguish this duty from the tribute of adoration we owe to Infinite Majesty; and Cmefar is placed by the fide of God himself, in the command. menthe gives of being obedient and faithfil. If, therefore, it were true, that writers upon religion had 4 given us the producions of their own minds as the oracles of God, it would ever be certain they had done good to men; that they recalled reason to its nmoft pure principles ; that they have reconduated it, as we may say, to its native country; and that, con. f eqnently, they were true and excellent philosophers. The malicious policy of the wicked can, therefore, be no more a mystery to us.' What a philosophy is that which takes from our ill all their bitterness; which attaches to the sacrifice of personal interest, and the care of the happiness of others, so infinite a price as to make chagrin and inevitable calamities desirable and precious; which makes in I ( (55) us contemplate, without fear or regret, the decay of our bodies; and changes the horror of the tomb, into a theatre of triumph and felicity! ' And, if such a high ideas carried not with them a clear attefsation C of their emanation from the eternal Source of all Light, who is that man, if he knows himself, who ' does not adopt them as the real necessity of his reason ,. and embrace them as the only support of his heart? !' In vain does duplicity agitate and torment itself to I obscure their truth . That which so far surpasses. all underfianding, cannot be a dream of the human j mind; that which excites us to so much good, cana not be the work of an impostor '- of our most celebrated modern plilofophers, J. J. Rousseau, has, like many others, written against. s: everal articles of our faith, which the Gospel commands us to believe; and, by an incoherence difficult to conceive, he seems forcibly to perceive all the utility of. the evangelical precepts . ' ' We are all become doors' ' he, ' and have 4 ceased to be Christians. No; it is not with so much ' art that the .Gospel has been extended over the universe , and that its ravishing beauty has penetrated e mens hearts. This divine book , the only onenecef 5 fary to a Christian, and the moult useful to those even who are not so, needs only to be meditated upon, to fill the soul with love to its author , and a willingness to accomplifla his precepts . Never was the language of virtue so sweet; never did the most profound wisdom express itself with such energy and simplicity! .' We cannot leave off reading it, without finding our | fur la Philojophie de l'ncredulit. This work , deiiated to monsieur (., title, in France, given to the n g's next brother), is in evt ry refpeed worthy of the p.o tetlonof a great prince, a just elimnator of merit and ta ent: It is in one volume . It wee to be wiflled this book ight be reid by y'.ung props., just ready to ener into lhe Aorld. II is, mrortover, as iiutleflinq as infirusive; he