principles of morality. Yet he often assisted at sermons, exhorted assiduity in attendance at church, and spoke with respect of the Supreme Being, although his doctrine led to imateriali'fm. Spinosa died at fortyfive, of a lingering illness. It was in a little town in the county do de Foix where Bail was born, in i647: he was brought up in Calvinism, which he abjured at twenty years of age, on reading some controversial books ; and to which, out of levity, he returned, at the expiration of seventeen months. His conduct with the minister Jurieu does but little honour to his character. Ju rieu had been his friend and benefactor; Bail was accused of having debauched his wife; and was convited of having abused his confidence, by the communication of letters and papers which Jurieu had shown him during their intimacy. This philosopher has left many works ; the most celebrated is his dietionary, which is reproached with the mols abominable licences of every kind.; a multitude of bold random anecdqtes, false quotations, capricious judgments , extravagant paradoxes and sophisms. C .Bail " takes up both fides of eyery .pi' ' he .eposes the reasons which " support, and those which destroy it; "but he favours more those which give C credit to an error, than those by which "we may support a truth . A celebrated P 4 " writer , C writer , a great admirer of Bail, 'aid, " he was the attorney- general of philo" " but that he does not draw his' " conclusions. He does sometimes. This " attorney- general is often the judge, ' and the party to be judged; and when "he concludes, it is generally for the bad, C fide." nouveau dicetonnaire Historique, par une Societ de Gens de Letters. Vol. II page 17. (8.) Here is the judgement of the author of esprit des Philosophes irreli gieux, fur J. J. Rousseau. "Rousseau has but one passion, that of "being original, and making a great "noise in the world . Born with the "Cmolt elevated and fertile genius , the " most rich and brilliant imagination, c' the most penetrating, dextrous, and (- flexible mind, he was afraid of appear' -' but an ordinary man, if he exer C cied his talents on known and familiar objeets only. Thence the singular idea of attacking, equally, philosophy and the Gospel.. Having seen "that "that the posss of honour were occupied on both fides, he wished to place " himself, as we may say, upon the line C of separation, to attack either, alternately: by this means he discovered " the secret of saying everything in a "superior and seducing manner; of " publishing every idea , which the fecundity of an inexhaustible and ambidextrous mind could furnish for and "against the truth . Perhaps religion " would have reckoned him amongst " her most illustrious defenders, if he " had found it possible to efface the ele " vation, force, and magnificence of Bof" " works . It is impossible that a "foul like Rousseau's should not have CC been struck with the dignity and rich" *" of the great picture of faith; and " without doubt that sublime passage so " well known, " The majesty of the ' scriptures atlonifhes me, c." may be regarded as an homage escaped from ' the internal conviction he had of the "excellence and beauty of religion; " Nothing ever escaped him, of the same '" kind, on the score of philosophy ." It It is not in a fingle passage only that Rousseau has rendered this homage to religion; I have quoted an infinity of the same kind. These eternal truths were at the bottom of his foul: we feel them in a strong and sensible manner whenever he expresses them. But why, on the other fide, has he so formally denied and attacked them? why does he so often support the pro and con? He was led affray by excessive pride; he misconceived true glory; he would be unlike every other person: too proud and too great to comply with the flexibility and tricks of intrigue; too covetous of success to give himself freely to the good gaufe, and to reject the artifices which might acquire popularity; too sensible, blindly to adopt the philosophic system , he took the middle road; he appeared .to float betwixt error and truth , a situa lion which naturally flatters our weakness. Strokes of admirable morality made every honest man his friend; whatever were his errors, who could despise or hate him, who had so often spoke of virtue virtue in such persuasive, bewitching, and sublime terms? Licentious pictures, dangerous principles , but veiled with art, exposed with seducing address, ought generally to please, and cannot produce, even in the minds of the most severe, that disgust, that lively indignations which the fables of Voltaire and Diderot, c. excite. The clergy and the devout have all pardoned him, from the bottom of their souls, for what he wrote against religion, in favour of the repeated homages which he has rendered the Gospel. The women, as I have elsewhere remarked, have also pardoned him for having spoken of them with contempt, as he always mentioned them with the voice of pailion. In a word , he has known how to reconcile the whole world , fill preserving the liberty of saying everything; and precisely because he had no fixed opinion or invariable principle ; for he contradicts ihimfelf.in such a manner, that, from the atheist : to the Dans 4ddl.e f.&h1d.cre. saint, saint, every one may find ideas anidprin ciples analogous to his belief and senti ments. but, it will be said, perhaps, he has not spared the philosophers; with what contempt has he not treated them in his works ! True; but he has also written against revelation, against eternal punijfhment; and that was entering into the general system of philosophers: besides, he has flattered the fein a frill more pointed'manner, in his Nouvelle Heloife, by describing an atheist as the moult accomplished model of wisdom and virtue.