the main point, to this; it appears much more probable to us that there is no God: therefore .we agree to believe that there is none. But is a probabii. ty, however great it may be, sufficient to authorise so dangerous an opinion ? and would not a reasonable and clear demonfiration, free from objection, be necessary! In effec, when it cannot be proved that God does not exist, is it not thereby proved that he may exist?. Thli is then a doubt for the greatest unbeliever, and which no other reasoning can clear up; and in such a doubt how dare men expose themselves to the dreadful rilk of offending the Supreme Being by sich ajl outrage! There is no danger in submitting one's felf to the laws of a religion, whose precepts and morals the ungodly even are forced to admire;. on the contrary, by follow iiej ing themn we receive, in this life, the most precious re. compences to which men can afpire peace of mind 'and public estimation: and by rejecting these divine Jaws, we expose ourselves to the anger of an avenging .: Deity, who is able to inflif eternal punishments. Thus then it is true that impiety would be the most absurd and imprudent of all errors, even supposing that the existence of God was only problematical. But what will it appear to be, if the immutable truths , upcn which religion is founded, be sought after and examined The proofs of God's existence are so iriking, that .we still doubt whether those who appear to deny them 'be truly atheists or not at the bottom of their hearts. Hazard can produce nothing but what is imperfect and ridiculous; every work wherein exact proportions and .regularity are found, necessarily supposes an able and lintelligent workman; where I see uniform and invariable laws , I am obliged to acknowledge a legislator. And it is thus in studying nature , and in reflecting upon her immutable laws , which diret the course of; the stars, and which develop and perpetuate upon earth; the seeds of fecundity and of life. In contemplating 'tlhe wonders which firround us, reason alone discovers .and proves to us the existence of a Supreme Being, Creator of the Universe . The voice of conscience [agrees, upon this head, with the natural intelligence of, the mind. In fine, everything is united to demon iftrate to man this important truth . To pretend that the heavens, the world , and creatures, have only been; formed by a certain fortuitous arrangement of the par jtiles of matter put ilr motion, is an absurd idea , which Pfublime eloquence and the shout subtle metaphysic can Inot render flpportable. The most itrange blindness; and gross ignorance must be united, not to discover in ithe work of the creation design, end, and intelligence . ilet the Anatomilf be alled if he discovers neither design nor wisdom in the contruc&ion of the human body; let the same question, relative to the stars, be put to the Astronomer; let the Botanidt be interrogated upon plants; ( 6) plants; and the Naturalist upon animals and' infects: all these men, enlightened by a profound meditation, will agree together in answering, that the study of nature embraces an infinity ofufeful and sublime sciences; whose greatest attraction is that it discovers incessantly new subjects of admiration in the Author of the Universe . Therefore the abominable system of materialism is so extravagant, that there has never been a people who has adopted it. Nations the most re. proached for their ignorance, or the darkness of pa. ganifm and idolatry, have never carried their folly and depravity so far as to profess atheism, and only to see in the creation the fantastic work ofhazard. it is true that the human mind cannot conceive the existence of an Eternal Being, who has never had a beginning; but if God did not exist, it would: be necessary that matter, not having been created, should be eternal. We must therefore admit, in this as in many other cafes, that which is absolutely incomprehensible to our weak reason , to wit, that there exists a being, or a substance, which has never had a beginning. For I repeat it, if there were no God, matter would incontestably be eternal. Therefore, although I may not be able to conceive eternity, that essential attribute of the Creator, I am notwithstanding obliged to acknowledge it. These simple reflections have reduced the ungodly even to the necessity of acknowledging a God. They shake off an austere yoke, which vice and licentiousness cannot support, they reject worship and the law ; but yet they dare not deny the existence of a Being Supreme . If we admit a God, we cannot but represent him possessed of those august attributes proper to the absolute Lord and Creator of all. Eternal source of jus. tice and of truth , God cannot deceive us; all his decrees must be equitable. These ideas , so natural , would be alone filfficient to convince men of the immortality of the soul. In reading history, in catsing my eyes upon the earth,. often. see crimes unpunished, vice ( 7) yice triumphant, innocence oppressed, and virtue wretched. I know that the vicious will never taste of happiness nor repoi'; but they may, by force of corruption, harden themselves against remorse, obtain brilliant successes, and intoxicate the; nfelves with false glory. I know that the virtuous man will always find consolation in his own bosom; yet if he be persecuted, calumniated, if helofe the objecs of his affection, if inifery and disease be joined to so many evils, I see the unfortunate victim of so fatal a destiny perish: can I then believe that eternal justice will neither reward him for his virtuous sacrifices, his resignations, nor his sus ferings; and that, after this deplorable life, the Creator will replunge that wretched being into his original nothingness? Can I believe that the profligate, with whom everything has prospercd, the fuccelsfil usurper, Cromwell, for instance, the assassin of his king,