go along, that de oette force dont il dicrit les aeaurs, is not French. On de crit ave force; but we do not say, la force dont ox decrit le gouvernement, ec. The last phrase in this passage, which is so disagreeable to the ear, is also deficient in exacnefs. We may say, very well, that a writer has point eu d'inmitateurs, but we cannot say that a discourse n'a en nii imitateurs ni mnodeles. "the 'the first time, after so imany age's C elapsed without any one having dared I' to aspire to partake the glory of Cic' cero and Demosthenes, and who should: : at once leap over this great interval, " place himself on a level with there ex" " geniuses, and elevate him" " above the greatest orators even of Ac Greece or Rome. Was that the triumph "of human eloquence only? And. Bof, suet, was he wholly indebted to thed " fecundity of his brilliant imagination, "for that vigour, pomp, : and, above all, C that august characer of a dignity and " wisdom in which even the rays of the A Divinity seem to shine? Let us dec dare this one truth , which can escape' R those only who will not see, which is, ' that the sublime thoughts of faith " have an aftonifling power to censer It on great talents the appearance of the !' marvellous, and to bear true genius to 4' an: extraordinary degree of elevation. "It is, that Bossuet contemplated, in the A great light of religion, that is to say, si from the height even of infinite intel * -.; - " C ligence, the grand theatre of the world , and the series of the great revolutions CC of empires; and that, ihewing us the "design of an eternal and profound " wisdom, in the midst of, those viciffi " tudes which shake and change the face " of the universe , he makes us admire, C in the piaure, wherein all the king. " doms of the earth, and human events, " are united in one point of view ,. a har. " money, in which everything moves, " clashes, is thrown down 'and raised up c again, by divine springs, and wherein " all the histories of time are but prepa C rative to the history of eternity, and of " the empire which cannot be destroyed, C fsablifed on the foundation of the Apof " tes and tke Prophets... Montesquieu, ( when we study and follow him in the " work of his profound combinationsi "cprefents us at bottom the same souls " the same dignity of mind, as the celebrated bihop of Meaux; that is to " say, in thoth we are fruck with that C amazing capacity of reason which "' embraces everything, and that si, "periority C periority of intelligence which' knows - how to assemble and reduce to a fim " pie consequence, interesting for every C age, the infinite variety of revolutions " dispersed in the immensity of time"' "' confined himself to the " period of human things, and his de CC sign did not extend beyond it. But ic Bossuet had regulated his meditations C on a much larger plan; his intention C was, if we may use the expression, to C join the whole economy of the pre,, world , to the eternal system of the CC supreme wifdom. the one keeps us C circumscribed in the circle of the laws ; ct manners, and passions of mankind , to " unveil to us the springs of the great CC events, to explain to us the formation, CC growth, decline, and ruin of empires. '" The other makes us contemplate, in i' the centre of all, the motion of human C interests, and in the great crash of "¢ empires and thrones, which rise, clash, " and fall on each other, an invisible CC and eternal power, which conduas in "silence, through all these agitations and "ruins, "ruins, a design of a superior order ; to C accomplish which, by a fiilful and ¢' profound management, all the revolu " tions and vicissitudes of kingdoms and C generations which pass, are inftrumen " tal to the increase and glory of that " kingdom which shall remain for ever" " first never quits the history of go" " to indicate the great flocks " that have so often changed the destiny " of humankind, but leaves us in the " middle of the vast universe , where. " everything totters and succeeds, without clearing up the final catastrophe " of so many.various spectacles. The " last makes everything fly back to its: " eternal source, and presents, beyond " the limits of time, the ravishing per" " of a fixed and incorruptible " world , which shall be raised upon the " enormous ruins of this globe we in" " and where everything shall be " transformed into the splendour and immutability of the infinite Being" " these two geniuses, of which the " Augustan age would be proud, refem "bless( ble without equalling each other; and " eloquence has left the palm in the IC hand of Bossuet. O what fecundity CC and amplitude does religion give to "the mind, which knows how to con" " it in the true light of its magni Cf licence and grandeur -- No, religioni "' alone can bestow this extraordinary intelligence , elevate genius above itself, ' C and make it launch out of the limits C prescribed to whatever is human . It C is fie who enlarges every sphere. She' " alone has the gift of giving life to' C everything; she produces prodigies,; 'r wlerever man suffers her light to fhiine; ' she impresses on alr talents, as well as ' on those of virtue, a fuperinatural and C divine feal, and produces great men 'r as well. as great. faints." Let us add also, that the other authors ' of the laft age were particularly indebted to