age as light is to darkness: - finally, instead of making us love virtue for itself only, or from motives of reputation which the practice of it gives, here are docors, who, aspiring higher, make us love virtue for the love of God; a remarkable character, which distinguishes them from all other doctors. ' Indeed one cannot confider without some kind of ' indignation, that people who have so fine and delicate a taste for knowing the genius of everything, andi ' for judging of the charater of every author , when ' human literature is in question, fal into a voluntary stupidity and ignorance, when it is required to perceive < those characters which sensibly diftinguifl the writings of the Jews from all human books , especially 'that incomparable piety, so constant and uniform, which speaks always of God, and of God only; w' hich looks upon all those who go from God as lost, ' and which derives all the motives of its exhortations ' from God; which teaches us. that everything comes ' from him, and that we ought to devote all to him, our bodies, our souls, our words , our actions, our property, our time, and our lives: this revelation ' being but a collection of examples, of precepts , and 'of exhortations, which all tend to oblige us to ' glorify cur God, by leading holy lives for the love of him. ' No affectation or weakness is seen in the manner in which these books are written, any more than in the things which they contain . you do not remark that t thetr autlors take a pride in making a. display of wit ' and erudition; a quality which seems to be the prirn ' cipal elfence of all others: they do not trouble them fcilvei ( 89) selves about pleasing their readers, andl.thyc appear ' far from writing for same. 'This is the constant and perpetual character, not ' only of a single book of the Jewifil writings, but of ' all the books which compose the Old Teilamrent; ' and at the time that a human author has a difficulty ' to conceal his passions, or not to discover hilmfilf, ia ' the finalleft book which he compotes, here is seen a ' long succession of authors , who, having lived in di' ' ages, write, not only a tingle book , but many ' books , wherein not only no trace of human pafficns ' or weaknesses is to be found, but there is seen to ' reign a spirit of mildness, of piety, of diintcrellednefs, ' of an amiable and virtuous simplicity, which clearly ( shows that the hearts of the writers were warmed ' with a fire different from that of the human passions, and enlightened by a flame different from that which ' has a connexion with them. They spoke with au' ' without any kind of fear, and as those who ' were fully encouraged. They appeared to be ani' ' with the design alone of glorifying God. Has ' a finer character ever been seen? 'Their manner of speaking and writing is not only 'unlike that of the men of the age, affected, far' ' full of subtlety and refinement , or accompa ' nied by timidity and doubt, turning entirely upon the ' manner, expression, arrangement of thoughts, the · apt and ingenious disposition of things; but they : explain. themselves with a fimpllcity which is pro' ' to the capacity of all mankind . 'As it is from God that they speak, they must necessarily say sublime and magnificent thing; but as it is to men, and to all kinds of men, that they speak, it was neceffery that their language (hold be ' imple and natural . 'The ideas that they give us of God are so great, that everything is low and base, whlen compared to these divine descriptions; and if this were doubted of, it would only be necelar]v to compare the book of Job, lthe revelations of Isaiah, or the Psalms of David, with all that the most el. E +4 vated ( 90) vated minds among the Pagans have thought of the Divinity: but it mult at the same time be avowed, that no authors ever expressed themselves in so simple and popular a manner. Certainly, if these teachers were like others, they would express thenifelves more nobly, having sense enough to exprelf themselves in n more elevated manner." A which proves at once the utility and truth of religion is, that in every nation where that holy religi. gion is not established , morality is, in its essence, vici. ous. Greece and Italy have produced numbers of great mien of all kinds; but their moftfamors philosophers have left nothing upon morality but works full of errors, and principles evidently inconsistent or pernicious. Even Epitetua and Marcus Aurelius are not fleltered from this reproach The first joined, to inconsistent principles , an egotism carried often to the moi shocking degree. Could the second, endowed with a sublime sensibility, do otherwise than excite the most flattering admiration, by developing the most secret re celfes of that pure and generous soul which he had received from nature ? When he describes himself, lie inftibus, assess, and gains the heart; but his principles are much inferior to his sentiments. Some of his maxims tend to favour suicide; besides they are sometimes in opposition to each other; and, infpite of the extent of his genius and the uprightness of his heart, he has frequently false ideas . It murs be observed, : llat there two great philosophers, the most pelfed of all antiquity, have only written since the preaching of the Gospel, and that they must necessarily have profited by the divine lights propagated by Christianity. ' The * Jews only and the Christians have enjoyed pure light; ' mythology had not yet all its form nor philosophy ' its seas. Moses had already revealed to the Jews, truths as enlightening and interesting after their origin'