taking advantage of the confidence of a refpecable family, violates the mors sacred rights of hospitality, betrays all the duties of gratitude, and debauches an innocent young creature, whom he never could hope to marry, as the inequality of their birth and fortune placed insurmountable obstacles between them; and this same person is represented to us under the charater of a young man full of recitude, delicacy, and virtue. to sum up all, this wise, this perses man, who is described to us as an accomplish ed mortal, is an atheift. such are the errors and vices which the author endeavours to decorate with all the charms of virtue! such are the characters which he withes to render interesting and sublime ! lime!! many young men, in the condition of st. Preux, may not this book have perverted! How many, .by a single secure of this work , may have los that horror and contempt, which the infamy and extravagant depravation of a tutor, or a maser, who endeavours to debauch a scholar of a rank superior to his own, naturally inspire! What deftrution must not agreeable and brilliant works produce, which thus overthrow all received opinions , all moral ideas , which good sense alone and reason inspire! Emile, the best of Rousseau's works , is also the most esteemed in the eyes of reason . The author appropriates many ideas which do not belong to him; he repeats the best passages of Locke, yet * This project of rendering vice interesting and sublime is yet more marked, more revolting, in the Confessions of J. J. Rousseau. The author there accuses himself of having calumniated, Itolen, of being ungrateful, of changing his religion for interest, &c. the heroine is the vilest and most abjec of wo. men, yet are the epithets of angelic creature, paur fjul, celejlialfoul, c. lavished upon her. Q pronounces pronounces his name but to criticise it, in a manner as despicable as it is unjust; but in translating Locke he embellishes him. Who, better than Rous feau, could give charms to reason ! Besides, we find in Emile an infinity of ideas and observations truly new. This book contains dangerous principles condemnable errors, unaccountable incoherencies, and impracticable counsels; but it comprehends also such profound, just, and reasonable reflecions, such delicate remarks, such enlightened ideas , that it will ever be necessary to those who intend to educate children. This work , in spite of its imperfections and reprehensible passages, assures its author a just claim of public gratitude; we owe to him (and to him alone) the general opinion which prevails at present, that the most important, the sweet tft, and most sacred obligation which we ian fulfil, is the' education and care of our children. The feeling manner in which he speaks of them proves that he had studied and loved them; it is a sentiment timent he knew also how to inspire by anecdotes and descriptions, as true as they are ingenious and interefting. in short , we are indebted to him for a multitude of precepts relative to education; and by delicious pitures of a country life, ht has contributed to reconcile and approximate the gay world to nature . Emile has not been, however, so useful as might be expected, relative to education, because many people have gone affray, like its author , by adopting all his principles ; and others, not comprehending him, have done the reverse of what he advifed. for example, I have seen children entirely left to themselves, learning nothing, not knowing * There is in the mind a general difpolition which prefers the count y, or that which represents it, to the finest palaces in town. we wear no diamonds, do not love les nals pares, give no feaits; we prefer simplicity to magnificence ; we are less distant from nature , and every one feels the want of it, or withes to Show the desire of approaching it. We owe to Rous feau, and, above all, to M. de Buffon, this revolution, which cannot but be very favourable to manners. q3 how how to read at twelve years of age, having no idea of anything, and besides discovering a rustic rudeness, an indocility, an impertinence which really astonished me; and what did not surprise me less, was to hear they were brought up according to the principles of Rouleali. It is true, Rousseau has said, it was ridiculous to teach children Latin and geography; and I believe, in general , he was right: he adds also, that we must not give them makers; he proscribes every kind of lesson and regular occupation. I am very far from adopting this idea ; but if Rousseau allows his pupil so much independence, he does not by that pretend that the tutor should be idle, and. leave the child to himself; on the contrary, he desires he should never cease inftruating by example and conversa .tonne, and, above all, that he may never .be out of his sight. This is what in general has not been comprehended, because it was more commodious to simplify and reduce the system to this : not to pay matters, to teach the catechism, to contradict contradict the children, or to employ them; these are the principles of J. J. Rousseau, and the best education which can be given. from this abftraet of Emile, such educations have resulted, as ought not to encourage us to follow this method, and which we flould be very wrong to attribute entirely to the principles of Rousseau. Vol. II page 14i. (9.) Isaac Newton was born in i642, of a noble family, in Lincolnihire. We are assured, that at twenty-four years old, he had made his great discoveries in geometry. He died at the age of eighty-five years. Leibnitz, cotemporary with Newton, was born at Leipfick in 1646. He cultivated with equal success literature and the sciences. The great altercations he had with Newton troubled his repose, and advanced, it is said, the term of his existence. Of what use is philosophy , if it