our time, and "our lives: this revelation being but a collecion of examples, ofprecepts, and N cos( () C of exhortations, which all tend to ob "¢ lige us to glorify our God, by leading,, holy lives for the love of him. CC No affectation or weakness is seen in C the manner in which these books are C written, any more than in the things " which they contain . you do not re" " that these authors take a pride in " making a display of wit and erudition; " a quality which seems to be the princi " pal essence of all the others: they do C not trouble themselves about pleasing " their readers, and they appear far from " writing for same. "This is the constant and perpetual " character,. not only of a tinge book ', of the Jewish writings, but of all " the books which compofte the Old " Testament; and at the time that a C human author has a difficulty to con' ' his pafions, or not to difeover ".himself, in the fminalleft book which " he composes, here is seen a long fuc " cession of authors , who, haying lived, ' in different ages, write,. not only a 6 tingle book , but many books , z where" " i '79) ' in.not' only no trace of human parlions or weaknesses is to be found, but xcthere is seen to reign a spirit of "mildness, of piety, of disinterestedness' " of an amiable and virtuous simplicity, "which clearly shows that the hearts of"( "( writers were warmed with a fire ' different fi-om that of the human pas "rions, and enlightened by a flae different from that which has a con;; with them. They spoke wvit " authority , without any kind of fear, "and as those who were fully encoti "raged. They appeared to be animated " with the design alone of glorifying 'God. Has a finer character ever been seen? " Their manneroffpeaking and writing is not only unlike that of the men of the "age, affected, farfetched, full of subtlety and refinement , or accompanied by timidity and doubt, turning entirely upon the manner, expression, arrange' " ment of thoughts, the apt and ingenious disposition of things but they explain themselves with a fimplicit? N 2 " which ( i80) C which is proportioned to the capacity " of all mankind . "As it is from God that they speak, " they must necessarily say sublime and CC magnificent things; but as it is to CC men, and to all kinds of men, that "( they speak, it was necessary that their C language should be simple and natural . " The ideas that they give us of God " are so great, that everything is low i and base, when compared to these " divine descriptions; and if this were " doubted of, it would only be necessary " to compare the book of Job, the re CC velations of Isaiah, or the Psalms of,, David, with all that the most elevated, C minds among the Pagans have thought, of the Divinity: but it must at the CC same time be avowed, that no au CC thors ever expressed themselves in so CC simple and popular a manner. Cer CC tainly, if these teachers were like others,, C they would express themselves more C nobly, having sense enough to think "of things so great; or they would C think meanly, not having sense e CC nough ( 18i) enough to express themselves in a more " elevated manner." A fast which proves at once the utility and truth of religion is, that in every nation where that holy religion is not cftablilled, morality is, in its essence, vicious. Greece and Italy have produced numbers of great men of all kinds; but their most famous philosophers have left nothing upon morality but works full of errors, and principles evidently inconsistent or pernicious. Even epi&etus and Marcus Aurelius are not sheltered from this reproach. The first joined, to inconsistent principles , an egotism carried often to the most flocking degree. Could the second, endowed with a sublime sensibility, do otherwise than excite the mofl flattering admiration, by developing the most secret recesses of that pure and generous soul which he had received from nature ? When he describes himself, he inftruts, affects, and gains the heart; but his principles are. much inferior to his sentiments. Some of his maxims tend to favour suicide;. N 3 besides, ( s2) besides, they are sometimes in oppofitior to each other; and, infpite of the extent of his; genius and the uprightness of his heart, he has frequently false ideas . It must be observed, that these two great philosophers, the most perfect of all antiquity, have only written since the preaching of the Gospel, and that they must necessarily have profited by the divine lights propagated by Christianity. C The Jews only and the Christians have s enjoyed pure light; mythology had " not yet all its form nor philosophy its fees. Moses had already revealed " to the Jews, truths as enlightening "' and interefsing after thirty ages as they; were in their origin .... Truth 'S seemed concentered, in a corner of the ( earth, with the people of Ifiael... "Christ appeared; as the light coming from darkness dissipates the obscurity "of the night, so did the Gospel diffi ". pate the falsehoods of men, and present "them with a torcl of immortal light. * Moses lived three hundred years before the taking of Troy. "In ( 183) "' In order to perceive that which is the most aftonihiing in this prerogative, let " us trace it to its origin. Let us com" " the truth of the Gospel, its fimpli " city, its purity, and its luitre, with all "the human productions of those times. "What a triumph for religion! How ridiculous it renders the excessive esteem which our philosophers have for " their reason , and their contempt