and their difciplcc. In those times, a clear and precise definition of philolophly could be given: it was,. as the word exprcffes it, a love of wufdoim. Men born in the dark ages of paganism, .and guided by their natural light only,. could not. but err; but they had'at least a virtuous motive. Their errors are entitled to great indulgence, and their ufefnul researches are worthy of high admiration. I am not surprised, that the morals of' socrates were depraved. I find the apology of' his errors, in his, religion, and the irregularities of' the false deities he'worfhipped :. but I read with astonishment: the detail of his opinions on the duties of men ih. general . It appears to mc very natural , that, among the various systems . produced by ancient philosophy , many of them fhonud' be.extravagant and pernicious, and not even one either ufefil or reasonable ;. but on, this account I adinire more the' wile maxims they contain , and the glimmering rays of light which fumetimes make their appearance in them. More learned ' authors than myself have remarked;. and. proved even,. that ancient peilofophy, although, * Socrates never wrote; - bnt his life and the bafit of his doftine are fi'; ly known. Plato has transmitted to us feveral'maxims of, that illustrious philosopher. estimable ( 5) estimable in general by its proposed end, has done more harm than good to mankind . Carthage was a long time happy and flourifling, and had no philosophers; Sparta and Rome did not astonish the universe with their virtues and happiness after they knew what philosophy was: the multiplicity of feels, and diversity of opinions , formed invincible obstacles to the progress of morals. Moreover, if the first philosophers sought seriously after virtue, those who came after them seldom showed such a purity of intention: several among them, such as the Epicureans, the Cynics, chad the moti pernicious influence on morals; others flewed an independence and audacity which made them feared, at the same time that they exposed them to cruel persecutions: ' Therefore, ' says the author der Letters de quelques yifs, ' philosophers were driven from Rome, a under Domitian, as they had been under Nero .... They fiffered the same disgrace even under the mild and moderate government of Vespasian.'' They were the only persons, ' remarks a modern writer *, who coaftrained him to treat them with a severity opposite to his inclination. The haughty maxims of Stoicism, inspired them with such a love of liberty, as bordered closely upon revolt. These doaors of sedition gave public lectures on independence: they abused, for a long time, the goodness of the prince, 'to sap the foundation of an authority , which they ought to.have refpeeed and cherified; and their declamations did not ceafi:, until rome of the; a were exiled, others fiut up in the islands, and several whip. ped with rods, and put to deati i.' What is ftllmore, these emperors did no more in exiling the philosophers, ' says Suetonius, ' than ad cnn: nninabi tp thie anenric t laws framed againji them: which is true; for, in the. year 160 before the vulgar sera, they were banished from Rome by a decree of the senate; and the prxetor, M. Pomponius, was charged to see that none of them * Mr. Crevier. + See M. Crevier's Roman History · ( 52) remained in the city; because they were, according to historians, looked upon as dangerous bablers, wli, in reasoning upon virtue, destroyed its foundation : and as capable of changing the simplicity of ancient manners, by their vain sophisms, and of instilling in. to the minds, of youth opinions pernicious to their country. It was upon the same principles , and for the same reasons , that the elder Cato sent three phi. lofophic ambassadors precipitately from Rome .... A fter this, what think you of M de Voltaire, when he coolly advances, That hiolnrv offrr no inflame wherein a philosopher opposed hifeif to the will of till prince and government?... We have omitted many sacs, which would fully prove the contrary of what M. de Voltaire advances with so much assurance; among others, the books of the philosopher Crema tius cordus, burnt by order of the Roman senate, c' *' is not surprising, that Pagan philosophers could neither agree among themselves, nor render their works truly useful to mankind . Their religion favoured vice and licentiousness; it was impossible it could serve as the basis of a pure and severe moral. These philosophers perceived this; * they showed contempt for absurd fables; but did not comprehend, that impiety and atheism have still more fatal inconveniences, than those which arise fromn fuperfeition. They took away the Tear of the gods: and what did they give in exchange for thus salutary sentiment? Incomprehensible systems , and imperfect or false definitions of virtue. If they had created the most ingenious systems , and given the sublimest lessons of virtue, had they agreed among themselves, they would have had but a transient influence on morals; they wanted authority , to obtain from men the sacrifice of their passions: it is orders from Heaver, and not human counsels which are necessary. The exhortations of the moult sublime philosophy will always be vain and fruitless: religion alone has the right of * Letters de quelques Juifs, tom. i. commanding, ( 53) eoommanding, and the power of enforcing obedience. Ancient philosophers are undoubtedly excusable, in not having perceived the truth of these principles : but What must we think of modern philosophers, who have sought to destroy a religion, whose moral is as sublime as it is pure? Why rejeet the Gospel, when the inte rell alone of humanity ought to cause all its salutary rnaxims to be adopted; when, finally, all initructions r might be founded upon this solid and sacred base? Who are the greatest moralists, and who are the preceptors and benefators of mankind ? Let not these beloved j and revered names be sought for among the impious and L unbeliering. No; these