been accomplished, would have destroyed ail tlheir docrine, and which could not be accomplished but by their being constantly peifecuted, injured, and at length led to torments and an ignominious death'? They persevered in their belief, although it actually drew upon them the most horrid persecutions; and to support and propagate it they suffered joyfully tortures and death; and, at the same time, implored heaven fur those who deprived them of life. It is therefore impossible to believe that they could be deceived, or that they wished to deceive; and, this one point granted, ( 85) edit is also impossible to doubt of the truths which religion teaches us. This incontestable and decisive proof is not extraordinary only, but it is accompanied by many other proofs equally respectable. Think of that long succession of oracles which prediced our Saviour, of that multitude of witnesses, of all ages, sexes, and descriptions, who have sealed, with their blood, this belief: reflee upon the sublimity of Evangelical morals and dogmas, upon the number of great men of superior genius who have been convinced and converted, solely by reading with attention the holy scriptures: confider how incomprehensible it is that the austerity of the morals of the Evangelists has not hindered the eftablilhment of Christianity: finally, study nature and the human heart, and every doubt will vanish; reason , sentiment, and true philosophy will then unite themselves in order to enlighten us, and will become the immoveable basis offaith. E 2 'Cic HAP. ( 86) C H A P. XII OF THE STYLE OF THE HOLY SCRIPTURES CONSIDERED AS A .PROOF OF RELIGION. OF THE 1mo0 RALITY, AND OF THE LAWS OF MOSES. T H E dotors (fays Abadie) philosophers, and men in general , flew infallibly, in the end, their weaknesses and their passions, either by the thing of which they speak, or by their manner of expression. 'The works of Seneca are filled with a great num' ' of fine precepts , and maxims of virtue; but it is easy to perceive that his intention has been, for the ' most part, that of doing himself credit as a writer ; ' and although there were'nothing more in hiswritings ' than his attention to give a fine and agreeable turn to · 'his thoughts, and that continual afectation of wit, : these alone would .be sufficient to make him famous. ' Plato, having more just and reasonable ideas of the Divinity than the vulgar, had the weakness not to ' dare to confider his sentiments, and opened himself to his friends only, to whom he gave to understand, that when his letters filould treat of more Gods than ' one it would be mockery; but that when he spoke of God alone, he spoke ferioully. Socrates, near dying, did not know whether he was going to be happy or miserable, so much was he shaken in his : opinion . And we can scarcely read a page of the most wise and refined author that ever exifed, without perceiving some marks of weakness or of ' affecation. But there is another defect, which is common to those who have written upon morality with the, greatest sublimity , which is, that they tend only to g elevate wisdom, or at moult, virtue." All the Pagan divinities were vicious and dissolute, the most sensible of the Pagans clearly perceived that very ( 87) very powerfil incitemetts to virtue could not le drawn' from the consideration attached to these deities, more wicked than men. They were therefore obliged'to have recourse to the attracions and beauty of virtue; and as they could not make it to be admired' for the love of those vicious divinities which they had heard of, they endeavoured to make it loved and refpeted for itse!f. 'But in this they were greatly deceived, since virtue ' will never be otherwise than very languid, if the efflential relation which it has with the Divinity be taken away; and men.who boast of loving virtue for ( itself alone, do nothing else than become guilty, in ' a lesser degree, of idolatry. 'It is extravagant to despise riches, for the sake of despising them, to deprive ourselves of pleasure for ' the sake of being deprived of it, or to expose our' ' to danger merely for the sake of being exposed to it. Virtue confifis in making these efforts upon ourselves when we ought and are obliged to do so; ' so that God being the great principle of all our duties and obligations, true virtue cannot be well conceived ¢ without a relation with God. : It is not very difficult to perceive , that the books ' which contain the revelation of the Jews, are very ' far from having any one of these characters. It will ' not be said that they cherifi the voluptuousness and ' passions of men, nor that they flatter their pride, or satisfy the vain curiosity of the learned . ' But we should express ourselves weakly, if we only said that the books which contain the revelation of 'the Jews, have not this character; we cannot but ' acknowledge that they have an opposite one. Intcead of encouraging voluptuouiifefs, they destroy it, root it out, as well as injufricc, felf intereft, and the other ' pauions: instead of flattering our pride, they de' ' it, by the clear idea that is there given to us of ' our misery and corruption, opposed to the majesty and goodness of God, which are, without doubt, the most capable of all objecs of humiliating proud E 3 ' minds: - ( 8g) minds: instead of feeding the vain curiosity ds fucll of the learned as know merely for the sake of knowing, we learn in them that that science is but vanity: instead of political refinements , we find in them an amiable simplicity of manners, which is there proposed as an example, and recommended everywhere, as contrary to the knowledge of the men of the present