go over, as well as for t the aliment ori which. it is to live *. " Nature produces reasonable compacs ' only, and makes in animals and flowers an afortment of such parts ." alone as are proper : for the places, ," air, elements, and uses to which they .( are deffined. No race of monsters " has ever been produced by its subs, lime operations ...The monsters ." which are preserved in bottles of ." spirits. of wine, such as little pigs C which have the trunk of an elephant, ." and children with two heads, which, C are hfewn to us in cabinets with a, mysterious philosophy , prove much " less the work of nature , than the in" " of it. None of these be." ." have been able to arrive at per * author proves the truth of this by an infinity of examples; and 1 regret exceedingly that the compass of this work does not permit me to quiote them all. c fe( () ' fee' maturity; and, far from indicating that the Intelligence which "produced them committed an error, " they 'attest, on the contrary, the immutability. of its wisdom, since it hai " rejected them from its plan, by re" " to : give them life. There is ¢' in the coinduci of nature towards man t' a goodniefs highly worthy of admiration; in forbidding him, on one part, "to change the regularity of its laws "to gratify his caprice, and on the "otier, frequently permitting him to " diqurb' its course to supply his wants. " For instance, it makes the ass and the " mare produce the mule, which is so " useful in'the mountains; and it deprives " that animal of the power of propa " gation, in order to preserve the pri " mitive species, which are of a more " general utility. The maternal conde " fcendencies of nature nmay be discover " ", in the greatest part of her works ; they are particularly manifest in the "prod'utions of cur gardens .... Is it ' not strange, when such fine propor "tions ( 144) " tions arid admirable fitness to our " wants, with evident proofs of a divine CC beneficence, are presented to us by so ccmany animals and plants, that we C fihould collec unformed fcetufes only, C to make a parade of them in our cabi C nets destined to the study of nature ? CC Have not those who preserve them " as things precious, and who draw C from them consequences and doubts CC upon the wisdom of the author have ( not they as bad a taste, and are not CC they as insincere, as those who, when in a foundery, should collect figures ccwhich were accidentally imperfect, by the swellings or moles of metal, "and should show them as a proof, of the ignorance of the artist?? cancients burned monsters, the mo C derns preserve them; they are like CC bad children, who keep an eye upon " their mother in order to surprise her C in a fault, that they may infer from, thence a right to do amiss themselves. .... I wish much to know how CC those who doubt of the existence of "God ( i45) "God in' looking upon the works of ' nature , would desire to assure themselves of it? Would they wish to see " him ?.... Could we, in an human " body, support his presence? God has "placed us at a proper distance from "his infinite majeffy: near enough to ".fee him imperfecly; far enough off not to be annihilated by the sight. "If he communicates himself some" " to us in a more intimate manner, it is not by the channel of our " haughty sciences, but by that of our ' virtues. God discovers himself to the simple , and hides himself from the " proud and vain." It is with regret that I am obliged to terminate here this extract. I could have wished to communicate to your Highness the ideas of the author upon the universal deluge, as well as his criticism upon the received methods in the study of the sciences, with many other passages equally striking: but you will read this work some years hence; and if it produces in you the pro L found ( 146) found impression which it has made upon my heart and mind, you will never be weary with reading it. Si nally then, this is an author of the present age, a man of learning , a geometrician, a metaphysician, and a great naturalist; so much the more so as he has been in most parts of the world : in fine, he is a man of genius , who, with that aftonilhing union of acquired knowledge and superior abilities given by nature , has consecrated his talents and studies to the defence of religion *. 4 This weak expreionr of my sentiments cannot be fufpeaed. I do not know the author of the Studies qs Nature ; I have never seen him, nor in my life have I ever had the leait connecion with him,. even ite mor indirea. CHAP. ( 147) C H A P. X OF THE NECESSITY OF worship, OF REVELATION, AND OF THE PROPHECIES. ODERN pretended philosophers, MV in propagating principles which lead to atheism, professed publicly deism only: and as the God whom they admitted was, according to them, no more than a divinity insensible of. our actions and of our homages, feeing that he did not mean to punish in another life our vices and crimes, they pretended that worship and prayer were useless. There appears nothing more new in this system than in all the other opinions they have wised to establish . If the history of hereties bp read , all the principles and ideas which form the basis of modern philosophy will be found there: : is proved in this chapter. l2 It ( 48) It is absurd to think