to prove that God does not exist. Therefore, this great question is, for themselves, at least in the class of things uncertain and doubtful; all their reasonings are confined, refpeeing the main point, to this; it appears much more probable to us that there is no God: therefore we agree to believe that there is none. But is a probability, however great it may be, sus ficient to authorise so dangerous an opinion ? and would not a reasonable and clear demonstration, firee from objecion, be necessary? In effee&, when it cannot be proved that God does not exist, is it hot thereby proved that he may exist? This is then a doubt for the greatest unbeliever, and which no other reasoning can clear up; and in such a doubt how dare men expose themselves to the dreadful rifle of offending the Supreme Being by such an outrage? There is no dan b4 ger ( s) ger in submiting one's felf to the laws of a religion, whose precepts and morals the ungodly even are forced to admire on. the contrary, by following them we receive, in this life, the most precious recompenses to which men can aspire peace of mind and public estimation: and by reje&eing these divine laws we expose ourselves to the anger of an avenging Deity, who is able to inflict eternal puniflaments. Thus then it is true that impiety would be the most absurd and imprudent of all errors, even supposing that the existence of God was only problematical. But what will it appear to be, if the immutable truths , upon which religion is founded, be sought aster and examined? The proofs of God's existence are so striking, that we still doubt whether those who appear to deny them be truly atheists or not at the bottom of their hearts. Hazard can produce nothing but what is imperfect and ridiculous; every work wherein exact proportions and regularity are found, necessarily supposes an able and intelligent workman; (9) workman; where I see uniform and invariable laws , I am obliged to acknowledge a legislator. And it is thus in studying nature , and in reflecting upon ler immutable laws , which direct the course of the stars, and which develop and perpetuate upon earth the seeds of fecundity and of life. In contemplating the wonders which surround' us, reason alone discovers and proves to us the existence of a Supreme Being, Creator of the Universe . The voice of conscience agrees, upon this head, with the natural intelligence of the mind. In fine, everything is united to demonstrate to man this important truth . To pretend that the heavens, the world , and creatures, have only been formed bya certain fortuitous arrangement of the particles of matter put in motion, is an absurd idea , which fiblime eloquence and the mos subtle metaphysic cannot render supportable. The most strange blindness and gross ignorance must be united, not to discover in the work of the creation design, end, and intelligence . Let the Anatomist be acted if he discovers neither design norwifdom in the construe 3 tion ( Io) tion of the human body; let the same question, relative to the stars, be put to the Astronomer; let the Botanist be interrogated upon plants; and the Naturalist upon animals and infects: all these men, enlightened by a profound meditation, will agree together in answering, that the study of nature embraces an infinity of useful and sublime . £ciences; whose greatest attraction is that it discovers incessantly newfubjects ofad miration in the Author of the Universe . Therefore the abominable system of ma terialifi is so extravagant, that there has never been a people who has adopted it. Nations the most reproached for their ignorance, or the darkness of paganifin and idolatry, have never carried their folly and depravity so far as to profess atheifin, and only to see in the creation the fantastic work of hazard. it is true that the human mind cannot conceive the existence of an Eternal Being, who has never had a beginning; but if God did not exist, it would be necessary that matter, not having been created, should be eternal. We must therefore admit, in this as in ( II) in many other cafes, that which is absolutely incomprehensible to our weak reason , to wit, that there exists a being, or a substance, which has never had a beginning. For I repeat it, if there were no God, matter would incontestably be eternal. Therefore, although I may not be able to conceive eternity, that essential attribute of the Creator, I am notwithstanding obliged to acknowledge it. There simple reflecions have reduced the ungodly even to the necessity of acknowledging a God. They shake off an austere yoke, which vice and licentiousness cannot support, they reject worship and the law ; but yet they dare not deny the existence of a Being Supreme . If we admit a God, we cannot but represent him possessed of those auguff attributes proper to the absolute Lord and Creator of all. Eternal source ofjuftice and of truth , God cannot deceive us; all his decrees must be equitable. These ideas , so natural , would be alone sufficient to convince men of the immortality of the soul. In reading history, in casting my eyes ( 12) eyes upon the earth, I often see crimes unpunished, vice triumphant, innocence oppressed, and virtue wretched. I know that the vicious will never taste of happiness nor repose; but they may, by force of corruption, harden themselves against remorse, obtain brilliant successes, and intoxicate themselves with false glory. I know that the virtuous man will always find consolation in his own bosom; yet if he be persecuted, calumniated, if he lose the objects of his affection, if misery and disease be joined to so many evils, I see the unfortunate vicimn of so fatal a destiny perish: can I then believe that eternal justice will neither reward him for his virtuous sacrifices, his resignations, nor his sufferings; and that, after this deplorable life, the Creator