ridiculous and prophetic tone which then appeared so sub; limte and philosophical. He must have had. taste and wisdom, to despise this extravagant jargon and puerile. assec tation : he. is, however, frigid and tiresome; but he is, at least, reasonable , and lever emphatical. 'I mean in the preliminary discourse; for it is impossible to say he has discovered any taite in his Eloges Academniqes. I have quoted, in g'long note, L 3 many () It will, perhaps, be said, that so con. fiderable and voluminous a work as the Encyclopedie, must necessarily contain an infinity of errors. But why have so many volumes appeared so precipitately? Would it not have been better to have given fewer, even only one, than have presented such a number of articles to be revised? Ought sages to discover so much levity? ought they to offer a defective essay, as a chef d'euvre of human underfianding; as an admirable book which may answer the purpose of all others? This strange presumption brings to recollection that of a dramatic author , much less celebrated for his talents than his excessive pride and self-love. In the preface to' his Yeanne de Naples (a bad tragedy), he says to the reader, " My, undertaking is to produce to thee, " in ten volumes , of twenty thousand many passages from there eulogiums; they are so curious and extraordinary, that they deserve to be read , gee note io, at the end of this volume . C verses ( ISI) " verses, an universal science; but so C well conceived and explained, that libraries will, in future, serve thee " but as useless ornaments." The name of this author is Magnon. His tragedy of 7eanne denaples was printed in 1656. Son tenelle, Hi?. di Theatre Franfois. i think it northeast ceffary'to give, in this place, the judgement of one of the authors of the Encyclopedie upon this work . Two booksellers wifling to give a new edition of the Encyclopedie, the editor of the first edition spoke to them upon the subjef of the faults with which it was reproached, as follows: " The imper" " of this work comes from a great number of different causes. There was no time to be scrupulous in the choice of those who were employed in i it. ... Hence its inequality .... The Encyclo p6die was a gulf, into which these kinds of rag gatherers threw, pellmell, an infinity of things, "badly chosen, ill.digelted, good, bad, and detella ble; true, false, uncertain, and always incohe. ' rent and unseasonable.... References, which belonged to the part even in which they were employed, were negleted.... A refutation is often found in a place where a proof is sought for.... " There was no exat correspondence between the discourse and the figures: to remedy this defect, they fell into long explanations; but how many unintelligible machines are there, for want of let, " ters to designate the parts! &c." naouvcau Dic. tiomnllirc Hi. article Encyclopfdie. 1, 4 Not with( () notwithrtanding all these reflections, it is fill repeated, from habitude, that philosophy has given lights which were wanting to the age of Lewis. XIV What does this phrase signify Nobody is ignorant of its true meaning: it is. this; 'The bold ideas of pbilofo phers, on the Divinity, the nature of man, fatality, worhip, and natural religion, hove learned men to think and reason . he authors of the last century could not know these opinions : had they done it, they would not havefailed to adopt them. But, deprived of theft lights, they were given up to prejudices: finally, they were not phbiofophers. It is true, no traces of modern philosophy are found in the writings of the most celebrated authors ; and that, if they had pofeiffed the principles of it, they would have composed works absolutely different from those they have left us. Ought this idea to make us regret their not cultivating philosophy ? For instance, we should not have that admirable discourse on universal his 7 tory, ( '53) tory, by Bossuet; religion is its basis; and it was religion only which, could give it that majestic force, and sublime eloquence, which forced even a philosopher to say, This discourse has }i'thbr a model, nor an imitator; its lyile has produced nothing but admirers *.- And that immortal book Telemachus, if it existed, would be no more than a philqfophical romance! Instead of that ravishing description of the Supreme Being, drawn from Holy Writ, we should have been told in it, that God forgives everything, always pardons, and never punishes. Instead of that perfect reason , of that pure and asseting morality, we should have found false ideas , and dangerous principles . What a pity it is that Fenelon was not a philosopher! and Corneille and Racine, why were not they philosophers? We should have neither Polieucte, nor Atha lie -. The same may be said of all the works M. devoltaire. t The author mufl have had a real piety, to compose Polieute, and a very great knowledge of the scriptures ( i54) works of the present age: it is incon teflable, that other sentiments, ideas , and opinions , would have produced works absolutely different; we should, therefore, have been deprived of all these chef d'rcuivres, which will for ever do honour to our literature and our country. There is scarce any reflection which can inspire more disgust for philosophy (i). Finally, are those who pretend, that the great men of the last century had no knowledge of our philosophical opinions , assured it is a fat? Let us remark, that the literati of that time were infinitely more learned than those of our own. The study of the learned languages then appeared indispensable; the Greek and Latin authors were learned by heart; all the systems of the ancient philosophers were known, which was already knowing most scriptures to write Athalie. If, by chance, there subjects had tempted a phiiofopher, it is not to be doubted but he would have