person wlatfoever, who has not seen and followed its operations with attention. All I have just said may be applied to the sciences, natural history, chemistry, physics, aitronomy, c.: therefore, the most perfe&t Encyclopaedic will never be a work of the first utility; few people will be able to purchase it, and it will not be really necessary to anybody. A thing of luxury, and merely agreeable, entitles not its inventors to be looked upon as the bene. factors of maninzd, neither as men to whom fictues ortgst io be ereped. AND THE PRELIMINARY DISCOURSE. This is a great phrase, but already rather antiquated. They have, according to cumtom, begun to admire, fjir parole, and ended by examination; and this famous preliminary discourse is pretty generally appreciated at its just value. Eulogiums have been given to the plan and series of ideas ; but everybody knows, and the author himself formally declares this plan not to be his own, but that of an Englifla philosopher; therefore the lfyle not only belongs to the French Philofopler, which is particularly that which his enemies will by no means be tempted to dispute with him. An author must for ever be ranged in the most middling class of writers , when, with a good plan, and upon a fabjeft highly in tereffing, and full of grandeur , he writes without fire and elevation; but is, on, the contrary, diffuse, barren, and languid: nevertheless, we find, in this discourse, just ideas , good sense, and reason . The author ouglht to be commended even for not having assumed that ridiculous and prophetic tone which then appeared so sublime and philosophical. He must have had taste and wisdom, to despise this extravagant jargon and puerile affecation: he is, however, frigid and tiresome; but he is, at least, reasonable , and never emphaticalt. It * Bacon. 1' I mean in the p.elimiinary discourse; for it is impossible to say he has 4ifcovered any taste in his Eloges dacaie t7li1: tue ( 77) It will, perhaps, be said, that so considerable and voluminous a work as the encyclop6die, murs necessarily contain aninfinity of errors. But why have so many volumes appeared so precipitately? Would it not have been better to have given fewer, even only one, than have presented such a number of articles to be revised? Ought sages to discover so much levity? Ought they to offer a defective essay, as a chief d'cerrre of human underitanding; as an admirable book which may answer the purpose of all others? This strange prc funiption brings to recollecion that of a dramatic author , much less celebrated for his talents than his excessive pride and self-love. In the preface to his Jeanne de Naples (a bad tragedy), he says to the reader, ' My undertaking is to produce to thee, in ten volumes , ' of twenty tholfand verses, an universal science; but ' so well conceived and explained, that libraries will, in future, serve thee but as useless ornaments *.' Not mrirque. I have quoted, in a long i: ote, many passages frunl hefe etlogirm m; these are so curious an i extraordi · naiy, that they dtferve to be read see note Jo, at the end of this volume . * The name of this author is Magnon. His tragedy of 'f'ancr de Naples wa printed iln r656. Fontenelle, His. di. iatre Fn a' p: i. think it necessary to give, in this plaie, the judgnenlt of one of the antl: ors of lie Encyclo pciie lpon this work . Two booksellers itsing to give a new edition of the encyclope.iie. the editor of the first edition spoke to thenl upon the filbjecq of the faults with * hich it was reproa, he;, as follows: 'Ttle imprfedlion of this nork comes from a great number of different cause". There was no time to beifcrupulous 'n th choice ofthofe who were employed in it. ... Hence i's iesqialrv... T he en vclolpedie was a gu'pll, i; to wr; ch the fe kind of rag galherers Ihrex, p'll mpll, an infinity of things, badly chofn, ill digi fled, goo, bad, and detefiable true, faife, uncerta n, and always in oherent and unseasonable... Referenlces, hich belonged to the part cvenin whli.h they wera employed, were ieglected.... A refutatior i often found in a place'whl(re a proof is sought for.... lthere was no ex f correspondence be tweetn the difrour'e and the figures; to reamedy this de' ' ( 78) Notwithstanding all these refle&tons, it is; ill repeated, from habitude, that philosophy has given lights which were wanting to the age of Lewis XIV What does this phrase signify? Nobody is ignorant of its true meaning: it is this; The hold ideas ofphilofophers, on the Divinity, the nature of man, fatality, wvoroip, and natural religion, have taught men to think and reason . The authors of the lajd century could not know these opinions : hadthey done it, they would not have failed to adopt the,. But, deprived of these lights, they were given up to pre. judices : fnally, they were not philosophers. It is. true, no traces of modern philosophy are found in the writings of the most celebrated authors ; and that, if they had possessed the principles of it, they would have composed works absolutely different from those they have left us. Ought this idea to make us regret their not cultivating philosophy ? For instance, we should not have that admirable discourse on universal history, by Bossuet; religion is its basis; and it was religion only which could give it that majestic force, and sublime eloquence, which forced even a philosopher to say, This discourse has neither a model, nor an imitator; itsjlyle has produced nothing but admirers 4. And that immortal book Telemachus, if it existed, would be no more than a philosophical romance! Instead of that ravishing description of the Supreme Being, drawn from Holy Writ, we should have been told in it, that God forgives everything, always pardons, and never punifhcs. Instead of that peife& reason ,