The genuine glory, the proper ditinction of the rational Species, arises from the perfecion of the mental powers. Courage is apt to be fierce, and Strength is often exerted in afts of Oppression. But Wisdom is the Associate of Justice; It assisis her to form equal Laws , to pursue right measures, to correc power, protect weakness, and to unite individuals in a common Interest and general Welfare. Heroes may kill Tyrants; but it is Wisdom and Laws that prevent Tyranny and Oppression. The operations of Policy far surpass the Labours of Hercules, preventing many many Evils which valour and might cannot even redress. You Heroes confider nothing but glory, and hardly regard whether the conquests which raise your fame are really beneficial to your Country. Unhappy are the people who are governed by Valour not direced by Prudence, and not mitigated by the gentle Arts! HERCULES. I do not expect to find an admirer of my strenuous Life in the man who taught his Countrymen to sit Jill and read , and to lose the hours of Youth and Action in idle speculation and the sport of words . CADMUS. An ambition to have a place in the registers of same is the Eurystheus which imposes heroic Labours on Mankind . The Mules incite to a&tion as well as entertain the hours of repose;, and I think you should honour them for presenting to Heroes such a noble recreation, as may prevent their taking up the ditaf, when they lay down the Club. U 3 HERCULES. HERCULES. Wits as well as Heroes can take up the difaff. What think you of their thin spun lyflems of Philosophy , or lascivious Poems, or Milesian Fables? Nay, what is fill worse, are there not panegyrics on Tyrants, and Books that blaspheme the Gods, and perplex the natural Sense of right and wrong? I believe if Eurystheus was to set me to work again, he would find me a worse talk than any he imposed; he would make me read through a great Library; and I would serve it as I did the Hydra, I would burn as I went on, that one chimaera might not rise from another, to plague mankind . I should have valued myself more on clearing the Library, than on cleansing the Augean Stables. CA D MU S. It is in those Libraries only that the memory of your Labours exists. The Heroes of Marathon, the Patriots of Thermopyla owe their immortality to me. All the wise Institutions of Lawgivers, and all the doctrines of Sages, had perished in the Ear, like a dream related, if Letters had iot preserved them. Oh Hercules! It It is not for the man who preferred Virtue to Pleasure to be an enemy to the Muses. Let Sardanapalus and the silken Sons of Luxury, who have wafted Life in inglorious ease, despise the records of Action, which bear no honourable Testimony to their Lives. But true merit, Heroic virtue, each genuine offspring of immortal Jove, should honour the sacred source of lasting fame . H ERCULES. Indeed, if writers employed themselves only in recording the Ass of great men, much might be said in their favour. But why do they trouble people with their meditations? Can it signify to the world what an idle man has been thinking? CADMUS. Yes it may. The most important and extensive advantages mankind enjoy are greatly owing to men who have never quitted their closets. To them Mankind is obliged for the facility and security of Navigation. The invention of the Com pa has opened to them new worlds . The knowledge of the mechanical powers has enabled them to conftru& such wonderful U 4 machines machines as perform what the united La. bour of millions by the severest drudgery could not accomplish. Agriculture too, the most useful of Arts, has received its share of improvement from the same Source. Poetry likewise is of excellent Use, to enable the Memory to retain with more Ease, and to imprint with more energy upon the heart, Precepts of Virtue and virtuous actions. Since we left the world , from the little root of a few Letters Science has spread its Branches over all Nature , and raised its head to the heavens. Some Philosophers have entered so far into the councils of Divine Wisdom as to explain much of the great operations of Nature . The dimensions, distances, and causes of the revolutions of the Planets, the path of Comets, and the Nature of Eclipses, are understood and explained. Can anything raise the glory of the human species more, than to see a little creature, inhabiting a small spot, amidst innumerable worlds , taking a survey of the universe , comprehending its arrangement, and entering into the scheme of that wonderful connexion and correspondence of things so remote, and which it seems the utmft exertion of Omnipotence to have eftablifled? What 8 a a volume of wisdom, what a noble Theology do these discoveries open to us! While some superior Geniuses have roared to there sublime subjects , other sagacious and diligent minds have been inquiring into the most minute works of the infinite Artificer: the same care, the same providence is exerted through the whole, and we should learn from it that to true Wisdom utility and fitness appear perfection, and whatever is beneficial is noble, HERCULES. I approve of Science as far as it is assistant to aion. I like the improvement of navigation, and the discovery of the greater part of the Globe, because it opens a wider field for the master spirits of the world to bustle in. CADMUS. There spoke the Soul of Hercules. But if learned men are to be esteemed for the assistance they give to active minds in their Schemes, they are not less to be valued for their endeavours to give them a right direction, and moderate their too great Ardour. The study of History will teach the warrior and the Legislator by what what means Annies have been vitorious, and States