our language. And what think you is the reason ? It is because Poets of genius have always preferred the writing of Tragedies. An Epic Poem demands deep study , and great length of time; and the glory which is acquired, by writing it, is rather durable than noisy; while the applauses, obtained on the Theatre, are more flattering, and more conducive to fortune. I willingly allow that a sublime Poem, such, for example, as Paradise Lost, is, of all others, a work which requires the moir genius . But I must likewise think that, he who could write a good Tragedy, might write as good a Poem as the Henriade. (a) The Keeper of the Casket. (ó) A haughty Fool. G 2 W, Well, but do not you admire the astonishing union of wit and science in Voltaire? Fontenelle was a man of wit, infinitely more learned than Voltaire (a); the latter will never be thought a great Mathematician, and he was a very bad experimental Philosopher; he was ignorant of the first Elements of Chemistry, and everything he said, on Natural History, is equally void of reason and truth , and demonflrative of his profound ignorance on that subject . He has spoken too on the Arts, but withodt loving or understanding them (b). Aik the Artists, and they will tell you, he had neither taste, discernment , nor knowledge of them. Hence it is very true that Voltaire has had the puerile and ambitious pretension to appear universal , when he was superior only in one species of writing. It seems to me, too, that his prose writings evidently prove he had but one manner, and that he could not vary his fyle with his subje&t. Was it History, a Novel, a Letter, it was all the fame : his partisans called this surprising uniformity, thefignature of Voltairc, and think they praise him when they say, they can find (a) M. de Fontenelie was a Member of the Academy of Sciences; nobody yet ever thought of bestowing that honour on Voltaire. (ó) He, himself, hat said, LI did net tafle the beauties P! Painting and Music. find him in a Billet, and cannot mistake his hand: they forgot he is only so sure to be found because he had but one manner; and that, because, during sixty years, he continually repeated the same witticifins, and the same declamations. Montesquieu has only written three works , and as each time had the happy art, which taste and genius alone may give, to change his tone, and seize the fiyle best suited to his different subjects . No one can say, they find, in the Temple Gnidus, thefigna ture of the author of the spirit of Laws ; though, it is certain that, in Zadig, you cannot mistake the hand which traced the Universal History. May a man pretend to universal genius , because he gives a different title to each volume he writes? Certainly not. A multitude of volumes will but discover such pretensions to be ill-founded; while, on the contrary, one sole work may display a wonderful variety of talents. The illufirious Author of The Hflory of Nature , M. de Buffon, has proved that one man may unite vast knowledge , a brilliant imagination, and the enchanting art of painting and describing, with equal superiority, the affecting, the awful, the majestic and the terrible. In his work we find the most perseet examples and varieties of eloquence; Poet, Painter, profound Metaphysician, sublime Philosopher; each,, in turn: his pliant and extensive G 3. genius genius embraces, and adapts itself to all. It gives, with the same facility, the most delicate touches to the shortest details, while it conceives a plan the most extensive and vast; no French writer ever better underitood his own language; none ever joined so much precision with so much eloquence, or was equally correct and equally brilliant. We are agreed on that head, replied Damoville; nay, I confers, I have always thought that an Author , who is superior in one branch of literature, might easily write successfully, at leas, in various others. Nothing can be more true, replied Iuzincourt. If, for example, Racine had lived as long as Voltaire, with the same dfire of being thought a universal genius , can it be doubted that the Author of Athalia and Britannicus would have written History in a sublime style? He, who knew so well the human heart, who painted, with so much strength and truth , the passion and jealousy of Phedra and Roxana; the matrimonial tenderness of Clytemnefira; the affeaing love of Berenice; the fury of Hermione; could not he have written an interesting Novel, or a sentimental Comedy, equal to Nanine, L'efjofoie, and Chariot, think you? The tender, the elegant Racine, had he written Operas, would he have been inferior to Quinault Quinault? He possessed the difficult art of criticising, with taste, and of delicate raillery, He has left us some letters, in which we find all the soft, all the witty and satirical irony, which gave so just a reputation to the le!r, 's provincira/s; and as to gaiety, real and frank gaiety, who stall dispute it with the author of the Plaideurs? What then shall we say to the great Corneille, first So. vereign and true Legislator of the Theatre; he who created the two species worthy to illustrate and reign over the stage, ltragedy and Comedy (a)? He has ravished from Moliere the glory of giving his nation the first good charateriftic Comedy; and, when Racine appeared, France was in possession of all the great works of Corneille (b). To (a) And even the heroic Comedy, likewise: Don Sancho of Aragon, is the first piece that was written of the kind; and it ought to be remarked, too, that Corneille succeeded, to perfcqtion, in Lyric Poetry. (k) M. de Fontenelle has observed, Corneille had no preceding Author to guide him, but that Ratine had Cor. neille: if this creates ani immense distance between Corneille and Racine, what must it do in the cafe of