for religion, and you will rob him of (a) The charterhouse, or Carthusian Monastery. (b) An Epistle on the King's recovery. all all his pretended gaiety, which is only inspired by impiety, malignity, and a contempt for morals. He never knew the art of laughing with innocence; and his natural gaiety is so confined, that, notwithstanding the superiority of his wit, he never attempted to be pleasant, without offence to religion and modesty, without being dull. He has written the Gardelfe de Cafette (a); - and has given the sage Un Sier en Sat (b), A Madame de Croupillac. Oh! I give up his Comedies nay, his Operas -- He has not succeeded in Lyric Poetry I own. But what do you say to his Henriade? That it contains fine passages, and that I should admire it, could I read it through without an effort. If that work be not unequalled, you cannot deny but Voltaire hasthe merit of having written the unly Epic Poem in our language. And what think you is the reason ? It is because Poets of genius have always preferred the writing of Tragedies. An Epic Poem dea) The Keeper of the cawket. (b) A haughty Fool, 2 pmnands mands deep fiudy, and great length of time; and the glor., which is acquired, by writing it, is rather durable than noisy; while the npplaufes, obtained on the Theatre, arc more flattering, and more conducive to fortune. I willingly allow, that a fub!ime Poem, such, fcr example, as Para dire Lost, is, of all others, a work which requires the most genius . bput I mui likewise think, that he who could write a good Tragedy; might write as good a Poem as the Henriade. Well, but do not you admire the astonishing union of wit and science in Voltaire? Fontenelle was a man of wit, infinitely more learned than Voltaire (a); the latter will never be thought a great iathematician, and he was a very bad experimental Philosopher; he was ignorant of the first Elements of Chymiltry, and everything he said, on Natural Hiilory, is equally void of reason and truth , and demunftrative of his profound ignorance on that subjec. He has spoken too on the Arts, but without loving or under itanding them (b). Ass the Artists, and they (a) M. de Fontenelle was a Merrber of the Academy of Sciences; nobody yet ever thought of belnowing that honoua n Voltaire. (b) He, hirnfelf, has said, he did not talle the beauties of intintg and Music. will ; II tall yeu, he had neither taife, discernment , nor knowledge of them. Herice it is very true, t.: ia Voltaire has had the puerile and ambitious p; .: cenfion to appear universal , when he was fupe; 'ir only in one species of writing. It'feems to i1:, oo to tlat his prole writings evidently prove he had but one manner, and that he could not vary Ihs fr!le with his filbjecd. xwas it i i1ory, a Novel, a Letter, it was all the same : his partisans called !tlis surprising uniformity, th lcign; c.tire oaf liti', r,; rd think they praise him when they stay, they can iind him in a Billet, and cannot mniaake his hand: t; ey forgot he is only so sure to be found, because he had but one manner; and that, because, during sixty years, he continually repeated the same wvitticifms, and the same declamations. Montesquieu has only written three works , and has each ti; northeast had the happy art, which taste and genius alone may give, to change his tone, and seize the style bae suited to his different subjects . No one can ify, they find, in the Temple of Gnidus, thefigna : : .: e of the author of the Spirit of Laws ; though it is cert.in, that in Zadig you cannot mistake the ind which traced the Universal History. May a : man pretend to universal genius , because he gives a different title to each volume he writes? Cer a.inly not. A multitude of volumes will but discover such pretensions to be ill-founded; while, on the contrary, one sole work may display a wonderful derful rvaiety of talents. The ihiurrious Author of The .y f At: s,, de Buffon, has proved that one man may unite vast knowledge , a brilliant imagination, and the enchanting art of painting and defcribins, with equal superiority, the afingl, the awf temajefdic, and the terrible. In his, work we find the most perfiex examples and varieties of eloquence; Poet, Painter, profound Aietaph icin, sublime Philo. fopher; each, in turn, his pliant and extensive genius embraces, and adapts itself to all. It gives, with the same facility, the most delicate touches to the ihorteft details, while it conceives a plan 'the most extensive and vast; no French writer ever better underfood his own language; none ever joined lo much precision with so much eloquence, or was equally correct and equally brilliant. .Ve are agreed on that head, replied Danoville; nay, I confers, I have always thought that an Author who is superior in one branch of literature, might easily write, successfully, at ieafl, in various others. Nothing can be more true, replied Luzincourt. If, for example, Racine had lived as long as Voltaire, with the same desire of being thought a universal genius , can it be doubted, that the Author Author of Athalia and Britannicus would not lave written History in a sublime style: he, who knew so well the human heart, who painted, with fomuch frrength and truth , the passion and jealousy of Phredra and Roxana; the matrimonial tender nies of Clytemnefrra; the asseting love of Berenice; the fury of Hermione; could not he have written an interesting Novel, or a sentimental Comedy, equal to Nani, C L'eficoifie, and Chariot, t.lin.! you? The tender, the elegant Racine, had he written Operas, would lie have heen inferior to Q iinault? He possessed the difficult art of criti ciflng, with tare, and of delicate raillery. He lhas left