SACRED HISTORY' SELECTED firom THE SCRIPTURES, W I T h1 WITH AN NO T A T ION AND REFLECTIONA N D R E F L E C T I O N S, SUITED TO TIIE COM PREHENSION OF YOUNG MINDS Particularly calculated to facilitate the STUDY of the HOLY SCRIPTURES in SCHOOLS and FA MILIES, and to render this important Branch of EDUCATION cafy to the TEACHER, and pleasing to the PUPIL. / VOL. L From the Creation to the numbering of the Israelites before their Departure from Mount Sinai. By Mrs. T R I M M E R, Author of AN EASY INTRODUCTION TO TH; KNOWLEDGE OF NATURE , Co LONDON:?; inttd for J. dond; rl in Pall mall, T. loncr MA ajn G. rui;; in pster nofter row; and J. Jol hs on Ni. 7. Sit pl', Cliurc, -, rd. X L ._. TO THE Q U E E N. M A D A M, T HE following work was composed with a view to affill young minds in the acquisition of RELIGIOUS KNOWLEDGE , by removing the difficulties which prevent their obtaining an early acquaintance with the HOLY SCRIPTURES. I presume to hope, that my design will excuse me, both to YOUR MAJESTY and the world for the boldness of the undertaking, and the defets in the performance of it. A z Tlh The public will not wonder , that I should be particularly solicitous to obtain the honour of YOUR ROYAL PATRONAGE, as YOUR MAJESTY is so eminently diftinguiflled for the practice of VIRTUES which are nowhere perfectly taught but in the SACRED VOLUME . It is the peculiar felicity of this nation, that every mother may look up to the THRONE for a pattern of the truly maternal charater, and behold YOUR MAJESTY inftru6ting YOUR ROYAL PROGENY in the discharge of those duties which lead to IMMORTAL HAPPINESS. May the influence of Your illustrious example be universally extended! may YOUR MAJESTY long continue to to bless this land, and soften the cares of ROYALTY to the best of SOVEREIGNS! And when you shall obtain an incorruptible crown, may it be remembered by posterity, that YOUR MAJESTY added lustre to an earthly one, by adorning your mind with the graces of Christianity, and diffusing happiness to all around you I I am, MADAM, With all humility and gratitude, YOUR MAJESTY's Most dutiful, And most devoted January 1, i7 Suebje& and Servant, SARAH TRIMMER. P E F A C E, I AM very fenfblie, that a wxork of this nature , attempted by a female pen, frands in great need of an apology; but, as the best writers allow, that it is prolperly the woman's province to infti. the first principles of religion, I hope I hall not be thought too presumptuous, in offering my feeble efforts towards facilitating the study of the SCRIPTURES in SCHOOLS and FAMILIES, as a likely means to prevent, in some degree, the prevalence of INFIDELITY. Cuftorn now authorises mothers, to acquire such a degree of literary knowledge , as may enable them gradually to unfold the bud of reason , and' prepare the tender mind for future improvement: and those parents who choose A 4 to to educate their own children, may meet with a variety of books to assist them in the pleating talk; there are also many seminaries of inirucion conduced by persons of real learning and genuine piety; is it not therefore matter of astonishment, as well as concern, that (whilit every branch of human learning is cultivated with care) our youth, too generally , are suffered to remain ignorant of the fundamental principles of CHRISTIANITY, and allmot totally unacquainted with the true intent andfcope of the HOLY WRITINGS? This is a growing evil, which calls for the most serious attention; and as every hint may be useful, I would earnestly recommend to nay own sex to discharge their duty, to feizc the earliest opportunity of imprefiing the yet unprejudiced and innocent mind with religious sentiments, in order to secure the present and future happiness of their children. If If mothers neglect to. perform those offices of maternal love, to which they are, in a manner, impelledo by nature and humanity , how can they expect it to be done by strangers? who having many to instruct in various branches of knowledge , cannot possibly attend to the entire forming of every mind; though they may greatly assist their young pupils in this important particular, when they have been previously taught, that RELIGION is a matter of the greatest importance, and that the BIBLE which contains the principles of it, is worthy of their most serious perusal. The objections that have been made by some of our best authors a to the in dijcriminate use of the SCRIPTURES, have great weight, for numberless passages, both in the Old and New 'Feftament abound with incidents and doctrines much beyond the comprehension of ' Mrr. Locke and Dr. Watts in their treatises on Education. young young persons; and there is reason to apprehend, that if the words of scripture become familiar to their ear, without having proper ideas annexed to them, they will not afterwards be sufficiently affected with that beautifulfimplicity of language, and sublimity of fentilnent, which to peculiarly diftinguifll the SACRED Volume as the work of inspired writers ; but, on the other hand, in this age, when it must be acknowledged, there is too great an indifference for RELIGION, it is particularly necessary, to point out the strait path of duty; and how can this be so effectually done, as by harving recourse to the word of GOD? It is impossible to compose any abridge ient of the SCRIPTURE, that can recompense the loss of that delightful entertain -- ment which the hiioricalparts of it, in the very words of the sacred writers , afford to young minds; but even in those, they have great need of a guide, as difficulties so frequently occur: in order to remove some some of them, I was induced to attempt the following