the latter will give light to the former. In this rank I place the testimony which the scripture bears.to the attributes of God, and all the rules of jullice which it proposes. Moles himself, who * Sch as the surprising yoke of ceremonies, which feeris quite foreign to the nature of man. t The orders given by Moses and Jofbua to mafiacre hole nations. t This relate to what has beei said above; namely, that the religion essential to man, excludes everything that is false and imaginary. § A method pretty much used by. fevetal, when they have a mind to convince people, is incorprehenfible in other refpeas, lays down very many rules of this kind *, which one cannot help admiring, as well for the great exactness and proportion that is to be found in them, as for the benefit which would accrue to mankind , if they would flricd ly observe them. All these particular rules centre in the accomplishment of this immutable law , " Do to ' others, as you would that they should do to " you; " the jutlice of which every man acknowledges, even while he aets contrary to it. If we pass from Moses to Jesus Christ, we shall find that these two lawgivers, who differ so much from one another with respect to certain forms, agree perfectly in this point, and that this point constitutes the essential part of the religion of Jesus Christ. He himself positively declares so; and if he had not, orn might easily infer it from moult of his precepts . But it will be said, if the whole doctrine of Christ centred there, what would become of so many other precepts t, which seem to be of a very different nature : besides, in that cafe, what would he have taught men that they did not know before? I answer, that Jifus Chrilt has, properly speaking, required nothing of men but what they thenifelves could perceive to be jut. He appealed on all occasions to *- Those, who ate' well versed in tle writings of mopes, know, that with respect to the equity'whieh men owe one another, he enters into an infinite number of particulars, where the moult exart proportion is observed. t There precepts , which flem to be of a different nature , have nevertheless a tendency towards this immutable law . They are a sort of counsels which tend to difengago men from the obllacls that would hinder them from reaching it, their own discernment . He never grounds his pre. cepts upon his own authority , but upon their agree. ment with common-sense, upon reasons drawn from the interests of men, and upon the force of truth , which they are capable of feeling, when they do not wilfully oppose it; " If I do not speak the truth ," said he, " do not believe me." Jesus Chrit did not then expect to be believed upon his word . He has invited men to examine, and made the most simple among them judges of his maxims . This examination could only take place with refpea to things that are clear, simple , and obvious to all men. For if he had required it, as to things that are obscure, sublime , and incomprehensible, it would have been requiring an impossibility, and this cannot be supposed. These things clear, simple , and obvious to all men, are the same, which at this day are offered to their examination. Among clear things, I reckon all the evident and unavoidable consequences which are comprehended in the idea of God, and of his essential attributes. Some of these things ought to be believed, or rather owned to be true. Others ought to be observed, so far as the justice of them is acknowledged. On one fide, this relates to the inquiry of the supreme Being.; on the other, to the free and intelligent nature with which he has endowed man, and, which the Creator cannot disown, without being in confitent with himself. Such is the nature of the understanding, that it can believe nothing, but what it discovers to be true *; and such the nature of liberty, that it can Manis so framed, that he cannot believe upon com pnlfion; Even in the affairs of life': hieonly Eclieves wilat he discovers to be true, only approve, or acquiesce in such things, as the unn derlfanding discovers to be just. If God should require men to believe what they cannot discern to be true, he would in that cafe disown the intelligent faculty, which he has given them *; truth would no longer have any force to convince and persuade. If they can believe what they please, to what purpose should we appeal to common-sense, and to what purpose is the question so frequent in everybody's mouth, " Is it not true, is it not just ?" accordingly we see, that Jesus Christ speaking to men, always supposes them to have understanding and liberty. He appeals to their understanding, even against the laws and customs which they reckoned to be most sacred; I speak here of the Jews, and their veneration for rites and ceremonies, such as observing the sabbath, etc. This teacher of truth , as well as of humanity t, shows men how to make a right use of the understanding which they susser to lie buried. He (hews them the consequences, which they would naturally draw from common-sense, if they consulted it; and that if they knew how to confider things in their end and use, they would see that the sabbath must have been made for man, and not man for the sabbath; in which cafe, the doing or receiving good on that day, could not be looked upon as a breach of it A. "Man would becomes like those idols, of which it is said, that they have eyes, but see not, etc." t Jesus Christ seems in a proper sense to be the teacher of men, his doctrine comes within the reach of their understanding, he