equally discover with the men? All the planetary phenomena are visible to them by the use of optics; and a proper attention to their periodical revolutions will inform them of their motion and their. course. Perhaps their general ignorance of mathematics may be urged as a reason for their conclusions being vague, and their problems incorrect: but this does not prove.their inability of acquiring a knowledge therein, since all their faculties are clearly evinced to be as perfec as tlofe of the men. WE have already pointed out those dispositions in the women which are proper for the culture of those sciences necessary for their own inflruaion; and if we go a little further, we may discover cover in them a power of acquiring those which are essential for their general union in society. IT is an error in vulgar philosophy to make such a great dif tintion between the sciences, that (according to this opinion ) one can scarce discover any affinity between them. The extent of human wisdom is greatly limited, in supposing that no one man is capable of acquiring a proficiency in several sciences; that being disposed for physics and medicine, one can have no genius for eloquence or theology. THIS notion is, on the one hand, occasioned by the usual way of confounding nature with custom; in taking the disposition of particular people for one science more than another for the effect of their constitution; whereas it is generally only a casual inclination occasioned by necessity, education, or use; and on the other hand, for want of having, observed, that there is, properly speaking, but one science in the world , which is that of knowing ourselves, and that all the rest are only particular applications. tue difficulty which, in, there is at present, in learning languages, morality, c. consists in being ignorant how to acquire the first general science: hence. indeed, those wh6 believed the women capable of knowing physics and medicine, might still doubt their abilities in this respect; but then the difficulty would be mutual on both fides. To arrive at this, it is necessary to think properly. This is done by seriously fixing one's mind upon those objecas which offer themselves, in order to form clear and diflind ideas of them; to examine them on all fides, with all their different relations, and from thence conclude no judgments but what appear manifefly true. : Having made these just ctn.clufions, there is nothing more necessary for coinpleating the Iience, than to range range one's thoughts in a natural order . In this there is not anything above the capacity of the women; those who could inftruet themselves in this manner in physic and medicine, will find no great difficulty in advancing themselves in all the rest. IT is impossible that women should pralife virtue to so great a height, without being able to discover its fundamental maxims . A woman already versed in what has been related, will easily discover the rules of her condua. That there are three sorts of duties, which comprehend all morality; the first relates to the Almighty; the next to ourselves; and the last to our neighbours. The clear and diftina ideas she had formed of her mind, and of its juntion with her body, will infallibly induce her to believe there is another fpirit infinite author of all nature . Hence the fundamentals of religion will plainly appear. After having learned by physics in what the pleasure of the senses consists, and in what manner external objecs contribute to the perfeiflon of the mind, and to the preservation of the body, she cannot fail concluding thai to use them without moderation, is being one's own enemy. If afterwards ihe is immersed in the general combustion of civil society, being subjef to the same passions and wants as her fellow creatures, the axiom of Do unto others as you would they should do unto you, will naturally occur to her; and also, that in order to effea this, orie muff curb that luff of gain which is the cause of so many troubles and misfortunes in life. THE last of these duties will manifest itself still fironger, if fly would endeavour to fathom the depths of polity and jurisprudence. As they each of them.relate to the duties of men one to aiother, it will appear, that in order to judge of their obligations in civil society, it will be'neceffary to recur to the sirs: intent of their inflitution. She will view them, abltraded fromfociety, quite free N ^ i, ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ free and equal, without any other inclination but that of their own preservation, and with an equal right over everything essential thereto. She will then find, that. this equality engaging them in a war, or fomenting a continual difirufi, which is opposite to their intent, human reason dictates to them, that they cannot live in peace without each giving up his right, and without entering into conventions and contracts ; in order to render.thefe obligations valid, and terminate their uneasiness, it is necessary to re ser to an umpire, who taking upon himself his delegated authority , forces every one to, keep his promise; that being chose for the mutual benefit of his fubjecs, he can have no other design, and that in order to be of real service to them, it is necessary to make him mailer of their persons and effeos, of peace and war.. IN thus fathoming the origin of civil polity, ihe mul. necessarily discover what is natural equity; what are contrac, authority , and obedience; .what is the nature of law : in a word , by proper reflec * ions and books , she may become both a lawyer and a., politician. AFTER having acquired a perfec& knowledge of herself, and being thoroughly inllirued in the general rules for the conduct of men, ihe may choose to acquaint herself with the manner of living in foreign countries. Having observed, that the changes of time, season, place, age, food, company, or exercise, had occasioned