emits, to vitiate the tafe, and corrupt the principles of the age. There There is a certain mental vigour necessary to virtue as well as to happi. nets, but modern, novels, under the specious mafkl of refined sentiments, introduce a dangerous foftneis that has often destroyed both. True refinement is the glory of a rational creature, but whatever enervates the mind, must debase it. Lycurgus thought so, I suppose, when he banished the poets from his commonwealth; yet surely he lived near enough to Athens to have learned to draw a proper line between ferocity and. effeminacy. The passion for novelty, so inherent in youth, may be abundantly gratified gratified, by the study of history. r Here you meet with new and uncommon events become acquainted with a variety of charaeters, and are enabled to form a just estimate of mankind ; for, except allowing for a few local customs or prejudices, human nature was the same two thousand years ago as at this time. there is something extremely agreeable to the mind in weighing and examining the actions of celebrated personages, who, in their day, made the mighty tremble in marking the rise or fall of empires, and to be able to determine the secret causes of those revolutions which once afbniflied the world .' The The ages appear as inconsiderable points, to those who are acquainted with hiftory they see the various nations of the earth pass in review before them, and trace a more than human power busy in the affairs of men by taking in at one comprehensive view so vais a trac of time, they discern the nice connexions of that scheme of Providence, which often appears broken and irregular, when contemplated only through the medium of a few years. It is almost impossible to be well versed in the characters of the politer nations of antiquity, without catching something of that magnanimity which which distinguished them; and I know not why an acquaintance with their manners should not be thought as necessary in the system of female education, as it usually is in that of the other fex. if the Greek and Roman veterans dlfplayed qualities which the heroes of the present day would be proud to imitate, their wives and daughters were often patterns of such virtues, as would be allowed to dignify a lady of the eigteenth century. Read modern history as well as an cient the knowledge of the nations who inhabit the globe as well as yourselves, is amusing and interefting the heart, too, may be the better for it narrow narrow prejudices are removed, and the better mankind become acquainted with each other, the more the divine principle of philanthropy muss be ex tended. national enmity has no other parent but ignorance the enlightened, the philosophic mind, even through the veil of different tongues and customs, can discern a kindred being a member of that universal family, whose head is the Deity. Next to travelling itself, nothing tends, more to enlarge the ideas than journals of travels and voyages, if the writers have been faithful and accurate; and you will read them with infiniite pleasure, if you have been careful careful to acquire a knowledge of geography. this renders you familiar with the countries you read of You recolleet their soil, climate, and produftions know their refpetive boundaries, and can readily mark out their place on the globe. Having thus, my dear girls, pointed out to you so exhaustless a source of amusement, I will only for the present add, that I am, c. CORNELIA, LETTER VI A S long as curiosity continues a leading feature in the human character, Biography will form a favourite species of reading . Everybody is eager to pry into the private characer of a celebrated personage, and are better pleased to know, how such an one ats in domestic life, than in the senate, or the field. And, indeed, it is there that the best estimate of the real description can be formed. The private lives of famous persons afford much edification to the reader; the the vice or meanness too often there displayed, teaches us not to be dazzled by the blaze of popularity or power; and to contemn that virtue which is built on the desire of fame alone. If on the other hand, by following there darlings of same to the closet, or the fireside, we discover the same nobleness of heart that distinguishes them with the multitude , justly they become patterns for our example; the mind rejoices to find Something about them that is imitable, for though few are called forth as diftinguifhed.aaors on the theatre of the world , all may, if they please, be great in private life: That is, may acquire those amiable qualities of mind, which can only con fitute ititute real greatness; without which the hero is no more than a hypocrite, and even the robe of royalty, but a tinsel ornament to cover real meanness. Your chief aim should be the know. ledge of the human heart, and that is in general more fully discovered in trifling traits and circumstances, than by important actions performed under the public eye. But you nowhere find human nature so impartially deli. neated, as in the sacred writings. There the historians, neither influenced by passion or prejudice, relate both ations and their secret springs with unerring candour; never calum X niating 3 niating enemies, or stooping to flatter the favourites of their nation. The Jewish writers had the fairest opportunities imaginable for exaggerating the virtues of their heroes, considering the miraculous powers so often exerted in their behalf. Such an adventure as that of David with Goliah, would have been thought by a pagan writer , sufficient grounds for exalting his favourite to a God; yet the inspired Biographer has drawn that Prince with all his frailties about him; all the inequality of humanity ; sometimes glowing with the rapturous devotion of a Seraphim; at. other, cnflaved by the meanest palions. Such inffances