could govern his own spirit, had attained a much higher point of dominion, than if he should rule a kingdom. It is certainly much easier to give wise and upright laws to others, than to obey them ourselves; and when you can control your own inclination, you will have learned the whole es fence of moral philosophy . C 3 But But a negative virtue is not all that is to attained, 'although thousands content with it, maintain through life the character of good sort of people. The epithet, however, contains no very high eulogium. Those good kind of folks seldom getting above a mediocrity in goodness. It certainly is not sufficient to ab slain from evil, a christian muss be distinguished by active virtue. The christian religion is a beautiful comment on the moral law . The Priest who passed by the wounded Jew, was for ought we are told to the contrary, a very good sort of man, and had some sentiments of compassion, for he went and looked , otr on the poor creature, and no doubt kindly willed it had been in his power to relieve him; but the good, the benevolent Samaritan, was the generous , a[?ive friend, whose character will never be read without being admired. The Lawyer also poffeifed a tolerable Share of negative merit, having always kept the commandments; yet says our Saviour, thou lackeft one thing that heroic benevolence, which disregards all attention to felfilh gratification, in the noble ardour with which it contributes to the necessities of mankind . These instances are fine illustrations of the Mosaic dispensation, and eminently tend to exalt human nature to C 4 the the highest possible perfection. It is not enough, say the gospel tenets , that ye refrain from actual violence to any one you fiall love your enemies, and do good to those that hate you. southeast vere injuntion yet you see by it to how refined a pitch the virtue of a christian must aspire. Do not then rest satisfied with being as just or kind as the letter of the law exacts be actively good, and seek occasions of exercising your kindness and charity to administer as far as we are able to the wants of our fellow creatures to reclaim the vicious to vindicate the character of the injured assert the claims of the friendless and oppressed preffed reconcile differences, and be indefatigable in the promotion of peace and happiness to all within the compass of your ability, are employments worthy of a rational being. There are many cafes that occur in life, wherein those who will obey only the rules of legal justice, muff fall short of those notions of honesty, which natural reason and conscience suggests; as a good mind wants not the bonds of human laws , so on some occasions it rises to a generosity that is superior to their narrow limits. Obey the innate ideas of recitude which God himlflf has stamped on the human soul and think it not sus C 5 ficient ficient to be jufi, except you are generous also. Let your conduct be regulated by the nicest rules of propriety and prudence; and let your bosoms glow with the enthusiasm of virtue, that you may ever shine forth the steady zealous friend, the benevolent active neighbour, and the truly useful member of society; considering yourselves as citizens of the world , whose only business in it is to do good. Adieu, CORNELIA. LET LETTER V B U T so exalted and refined a turn of Sentiment is never the production of ignorance. It is only in cultivated minds we must look for it; for the prime fruits of virtue grow not in the soil that has never been broken up by moral inftrution. a virtuous and intelligent friend is perhaps the most valuable acquisition a young person can make; but as one of this description may never fall to your lot, supply the want thereof, as well as you can, by books . c6 By By all means cultivate a taste for reading , but take care that your taste be a just one that is, be more desirous of inftruibn than amusement, or you will profit but little by literary pur fuits. thofe who read merely to please the imagination, may be sure of not reading to advantage, and do seldom acquire a relish for works of solid merit and utility. i have never known a young person who was fond of novels capable of relihfing anything superior to them. for my own part, I had rather see a girl wholly ignorant of the alphabet, than attached to that species of writing; for I am convinced that infinitely more have erred in the conduct of life from that cause, than from from any other. the sentiments and ideas they impress, are fatal illusions to mislead the poor reader, who, after wafting days and years in the study , is fiill an utter frranger to the world she lives in and, what is worse, inspired with the most erroneous notions of it, which commonly lead to some false step, or ill judged connexion, that secures her a wretch for life. It cannot be otherwife for the scenes, characters, and incidents, there books describe, are to be found nowhere but in the author's romantic fancy.. They have nothing to do with the real knowledge of the world ; and, consequently, those who think to steer through it by such guides, must, in the the end, find themselves mistaken. Just as well may a traveller think to make the tour of Europe by a chart of Asia. If curioity must be amused, and the imagination pleased, why may not the understanding be improved at the same time This is very practicable, for there are many works of genius . extremely well calculated to answer each of these ends; but they are not the histories of Sir such a one, Miss what de call urn or any of those futile productions, which the press daily