no room in the world ; the distinction of Particularifs and Univer falifs would cease; all would be Univerfalijfs, in the properest sense of the Word ; whereas those who now assume that fine appellation, are so only in a very limited and imperfet seen - they admit the Ideas of Impartiality and infinite Goodness into their Idea of the Divinity, they rob him of the most essential of his Perfedions, or at leashset bounds to it. They Puppofe in G O D a helpless Wisdom, reduced to the necessity of abandoning his most perfect Work , and letting it perish eternally, for want of means to restore it. Thus likewise Omnipotence ceases to be such. GOD wishes the salvation of all Mankind ; but can hot accomplish his design. What an Idea of Divinity is this! and what muff Universality be, when eftablilhed on such Ideas ? That of the Particularijis is indeed less tolerable. To suppose an Omnipotence, which attains to its End; but whose End is reduced to the choice of a small number of Creatures for the enjoyment of Happiness, and leaves the bulk of Mankind in eternal Misery. To ruppofe that infinite Goodness and Wiidom assent to this Decree, a Decree founded on the free Will of a Being, who is absolute Master of the Creatures, which he took from nothing: This Idea , it must be confessed, is still more surprising than the other. It cannot be formed without horror ' The The Followers of.thofe two Parties; who, in the whole compass of thirteen or fourteen ages, have not been able to solve the Difficulty, have established the opposite Opinions on the same Principle ; that of eternal Damnation. Both fides have held this as undoubted: they.have never thought of inquiring whether a Principle , whose Consequences are con traditiory, mutt not be a false Principle . The Scripture says it in express Terms; that g6 is * It is ¥eally surprising, that Men have not once tlought of going back to the source of so many Con traditions. Build on a fimnple, evident, inconteftale Principle , and the consequences will be entirely uniform. Build on a falie Principle , the justest Arguments will produce the most irreconcilable Contradictions. Let a neutral Person, who is not in possession of this key of a Reitoration, hear two of the most able Divines dispute, one of them a Particrlarift, the other an uni.verfalifj; the more justly they reason , the more embarrassed he will be. He will find that each of them breaks in on some one of the divine Attributes: that they charge each other with that bold attempt, and that they have both reason for so doing. They might compose whole Volumes on this Article, without coming near one single Point, and that, as long as they build on the same Principle . What is this Principle Is it simple , evident, and itconteflable? Very far from it. It is a bare supposition, founded on expressions susceptible of different Senses. The Choice they have made of one Sense preferably to another, is u hat serves as a Basis to there Controversies. Ought this to furprilf us? It is surprising, however, that, men have not sooner difcovered'the False of a princi£ie, he conlfcq.ueces of which are neceffirily contraditory. is fuffcient; all inquiry would be fuperfuos. But can the Expreffionsof Scripture fraud forfirfl Principles ? At that rate, what must become of that number of Creatures, who are unacquainted with the Socitaure? Must they be unprovided with sirs Principles ? St. Paul, Rom. II might instruct us in this Point; who tells us; that those who have not a written Law , have a spiritual Law written in their hearts; and shall be judged by that Law . Without that Law , what could be the Grounds of their Condemnation? Again, muff even filch as are in possession of written Revelation be deffitute of the fpi r.ituallaw? This is what no man will venture to advance. If the expressions of Scripture ought to ifand for firfj Principles , to what purpose is thefpiritial Law ? All use of it would be destroyed; the Scripture would be placed in its room. The Author of the Letters observes, however, that the Scripture it self refers us to that imnmutab!e Law ; that it sends Man to it as a fiiperiour 'ribunal. 0 House of Israel, are not my : cys right?' Would GOD refer Men to a false Rule, for examining whether his Ways are right or hot? And may we not conclude with the same Author , that a Rule to which the Deity submits itself; ought to be perfetly right, the work of his own hand? This right Rule therefore muff stand for afirft Principle : it must serve as a Meafitre for for distinguishing the lrue: ambiguous Expressions ought to depend on it. - Bare ords: shall no longer be a Rule of the True: the True shall determine the sense of Words . Such Expressions as are reconcileable to this Rule, Thall be received in. the literal sense - such as. appear contrary to it, shall be esteemed enig -- matical: they shall be ranked among those ebfcure things, which can make no abatement in the Force of the Evidence. This is the measure the Author of the Letters employs for explaining his Subjet. It. isevident that thus all Difficulties are removed,. and the pretended Contraditions in.the Scrip ture language disappear, It is likewise observable, that the Author is not reduced to: the necessity of departing from the Letter;. or doing violence toit in order to eftabliflh his System : that it contains Expressions, both more numerous, and more positive, than. those brought for the contrary Opinion . If I am not out in my conjeaures, the honest Daift, who has been long quarrelling with. the Scripture, will be cured of his Prejudices. by reading those Letters. He will there find' a System of Religion,, perfetly agreeable to, his own Ideas of fiovercign Equity. In that point of view , the disorder and. confusion, which appear in the Universe , are no longer