n n!ibilty), whose quick emotions hew how closely the eye and heart are con neced, soon forget the most forcible sensations. Not tarrying long enough in the brain to be subje6t to reflection, the next sensations, of course, obliterate them. Memory, however, treasures up these proofs of native goodnefsi and the being who is not spurred on to any virtuous a, still thinks itself of consequence, and boass of its feelings. Why? Because the sight of diitrefs, or an affecting narrative, made its blood flow with more velocity, and the heart, ( 37) heart, literally speaking, beat with sympathetic emotion. We ought to beware of confounding mechanical inftinaive fentations with emotions that reason deepens, and justly terms the feelings of humanity . This word discriminates the aive exertions of virtue from the vague declamation of sensibility. The declaration of the National Assembly, when they recognised the rights of men, was calculated to touch the humane heart the downfall of the clergy, to agitate the pupil of impulse. On the watch to find fault, faults met your prying eye; a different prepossession might have produced a different convicion. When we read a book that supports our favourite opinions , how eagerly do we suck in the doctrines , and susser our minds placidly to reflect the images that illustrate the tenets we have previously embraced. We indolently acquiesce in the conclusion, and our spirit animates and correcs the various subjects . But when, ( 538) when, on the contrary, we peruse a ikilful writer , with whom we do not coincide in opinion , how attentive is the mind to detect fallacy. And this suspicious coolness often prevents our being carried away by a fiream of natural eloquence, which the prejudiced mind terms declamation a pomp of words ! We never allow ourselves to be warmed; and, after contending with the writer , are more confirmed in our opinion ; as much, perhaps, from a spirit of contradiction as from reason . A lively imagination is ever in danger of being betrayed into error by favourite opinions , which it almost personifies, the more effetu ally to intoxicate the understanding. Always tending to extremes, truth is left behind in the heat of the chase, and things are viewed as positively good, or bad, though they wear an equivocal face. Some celebrated writers have supposed that wit and judgement were incompatible; opposite qualities, ( 139) qualities, that, in a kind of elementary strife, destroyed each other: and many men of wit have endeavoured to prove that they were mistaken. Much may be adduced by wits and metaphysicians on both fides of the question. But, from experience, I am apt to believe that they do weaken each other, and that great quickness of comprehension , and facile association of ideas , naturally preclude profundity of research. Wit is often a lucky hit; the result of a momentary infpiration.we know not whence it comes, and it blows where it lists. The operations of judgement, on the contrary, are cool and circumfpe&; and coolness and deliberation are great enemies to enthusiasm. If wit is of so fine a spirit, that it almost evaporates when translated into another language, why may not the temperature have an influ once over it? This remark may be thought derogatory to the inferior qualities of the mind: but it is not a hasty one; and I mention it as a prelude ( 14o) a prelude to a conclusion I have frequently drawn, that the cultivation of reason damps fancy. The blessings of Heaven lie on each fide; we must choose; if we wish to attain any degree of uperiority, and not lose our lives in laborious idleness. If we mean to build our knowledge or happiness on a rational basis, we must learn to distinguish the pofible, and not fight against the ream. And if we are careful to guard ourselves from imaginary sorrows and vain fears, we must also resign many enchanting illusions: for hallow mull be the discernment which fails to discover that raptures and ecstasies arise from error. whether it will always be so, is not now to be discussed; fufice it to observe, that Truth is seldom arrayed by the Graces; and if he charms, it is only by inspiring a sober fatisfaaion, which takes its rile from a calm contemplation of proportion and simplicity. But, though it is ailbwed that one man has by nature more fancy ( 141 fancy than another, in each individual there is a springtide when fancy should govern and amalgamate materials for the understanding; and a graver period, when those materials should be employed by the judgement. For example, I am inclined to have a better opinion of the heart of an old man, who speaks of Sterne as his favourite author , than of his understanding. There are times and seasons for all things: and moralists appear to me to err, when they would confound the gaiety of youth with the ferioufniefs of age; for the virtues of age look not only more imposing, but more natural , when they appear rather rigid. He who has not exercised his judgement to curb his imagination during the meridian of life, becomes, in its decline, too often the prey of childish feelings. Age demands respect; youth love: if this order is disturbed, the emotions are not pure; and when love for a man in his grand climacteric takes place of ( 142) of respect, it, generally speaking, borders on contempt. Judgement is sublime , wit beautiful; and, according to your own theory, they cannot exist together without impairing each other's power. The predominancy of the latter, in your endless Refletions, should lead hasty readers to fufpea that it may, in a great degree, exclude the former. But, among all your plausible arguments, and witty illustrations, your contempt for the poor always appears oonfpicuous, and rouses my indignation. The following paragraph in particular struck me, as breathing the moult tyrannic spirit, and displaying the most faaitious feelings. ' Good order is the ' foundation of all good things. To