happy for a man when he does not find much to alter in the religious system he has embraced; for if that undergoes a total revolution, his religious feelings are too generally so weakened by the shock, that they hardly recover again their original tone and vigour. SHALL we mention Philosophy as an enemy to religion? God forbid! Philosophy , Daughter of Heaven, that slow ascending fill Investigating sure the form of things With radiant finger points to heaven again. Yet Yet there is a view in which the exerts an influence perhaps rather unfavourable to the fervour of simple piety. Philosophy does indeed enlarge our conceptions of the Deity, and gives us the sublimest ideas of his power and extent of dominion; but it raises him too high for our imaginations to take hold of, and in a great measure destroys that affecionate regard which is felt by the common class of pious Chrifcians. When, after contemplating the numerous productions of this earth, the various forms of being, the laws , the mode of their existence, we rise yet higher, and turn our eyes to that magnificent profusion of suns and systems which astronomy pours upon the mind When we grow acquainted with the majestic order of nature , and those eternal laws which bind the material and intellectual worlds when we trace the footsteps of creative energy through re q0~3 ~gions gions of unmeasured space, and till find new wonders disclosed and pressing upon the view we grow giddy with the profpet&; the mind is aftoniihed, confounded at its own insignificance; we think it almost impiety for a worm to lift its head from the duff, and address the Lord of so itupendous a universe ; the idea of communion with our Maker ihocks us as presumption, and the only feeling the soul is capable of in such a moment is a deep and painful sense of its own abatement. If is true, the same philosophy teaches that the Deity is intimately present through every part of this complicated system , and neglects not any of his works ; but this is a truth which is believed without being felt; our imagination cannot here keep pace with our reason , and the sovereign of nature seems ever further removed from us in proportion as we enlarge the bounds of his creation. PHILOSOPHY PHILOSOPHY represents the Deity in too abstracted a manner to engage our affeations. A Being without hatred and without fondness, going on in one steady course of even benevolence, neither delighted with praises, nor moved by importunity, does not interest us so much as a characer open to the feelings of indignation, the soft relentings of mercy, and the partialities of particular assec tions. We require some common nature , or at least the appearance of it, on which to build our intercourse. It is also a fault of which philosophers are often guilty, that they dwell too much in generals . Accustomed to reduce everything to the operation of general laws , they turn our attention to larger views , attempt to grasp the whole order of the universe , and in the zeal of a systematic spirit seldom leave room for those particular and personal mercies which are Q, 4 the the food of gratitude. They trace the great outline of nature , but neglect the colouring which gives warmth and beauty to the piece. As in poetry it is not vague and general description, but a few striking circumstances clearly related and strongly worked up as in a landscape it is not such a vafi extensive range of country as pains the eye to stretch to its limits, but a beautiful, well defined profpeat, which gives the most pleasure so neither are those unbounded views in which philosophy delights, so much cal cilated to touch the heart as home views and nearer objects. The philosopher offers up general praises on the alar of universal nature ; the devout man, on the altar of his heart, presents his own sighs, his own thanksgivings, his own earnest desires: the former worship is more sublime , the latter more personal and affeeting, '* ' ' Wji WE are likewise too scrupulous in our public exercises, and too studious of accuracy. A prayer strictly philosophical must ever be a cold and dry composition. From an over anxious fear of admitting any expression that is not strictly proper, we are apt to rejet all warm and pathetic imagery, and, in short , everything that strikes upon the heart and the senses. But it may be said, ' If the Deity be indeed so sublime a being, and if his designs and manner are so infinitely beyond our comprehension , how can a thinking mind join in the addresses of the vulgar, or avoid being overwhelmed with the indiftin& vastness of such an idea . Far be it from me to deny that awe and veneration mull ever make a principal part of our regards to the Master of the universe , or to defend that style of in. decent familiarity which is yet more shocking than indifference: but let it be confiatiicd considered that we cannot hope to avoid all improprieties in speaking of such a Being; that the most philosophical address we can frame is probably no more free from them than the devotions of the vulgar; that the scriptures set us an example of accommodating the language of prayer to common conceptions, and making use of figures and modes of expression far from being ftritly defensible; and that, upon the whole, it is safer to trust to our genuine feelings, feelings implanted in us by the God of nature , than to any metaphysical subtleties. He has impressed me with the idea of trust and confidence, and my heart flies to him in danger; of mercy to forgive, and I melt before him in penitence; of bounty to bellow, and 1 ask of him all I want or with for. I may make use of an inaccurate expression, I may paint him to my imagination too