of seeking for truth in the regions of darkners; and remaining in the land of his fathers, receive the gifts of happiness into the boson of content. Let thine ears now listen to the words of Sheelinaal; ald from his experience he thou contented to receive the fruits of, \ i: - dom. A gcelco in.cartation. ( 53) LETTER IV 17iw Bram: nsz Shecrmral, io Kiifheen Nceav Maandaara. rhe letter of the noble and illofirious Rajah, I have read with the most profound .efpect; and at thy request fiall halten t, remove from his eyes the fiml of prejudice, and to convince him that the opinions he has conceived, concerning the chririat, : of England, are altogether Idii. and eli; - neous. I do not wonder , that the enligl; t ened mind of the noble Rajah, should have conceived a predilelion in favour of a people, who feenl defilied to make so C L. fpicuous a fitiiie ia the anlnls of Asia. As a race of b!: \ e alid daring mortals, chosen )by Vceii, Ltn to crut) the fry CL deflruicive tyranny, to blunt the fw old of the deliroyer, and b) reai the galliig setters of the opprcied, I, and every l in do, must unite with hini in pron cnng their eulogium: but as to the piincip!cs which actuate they! contduct, their religion. their laws , and their manneis, the mind of the noble praith las een ilnerfed in eiror, ( 5) The learned Pundit, whose fame has xicended from the Vwalls of ilucknco to thc banks of Barampootel: ', had fillci enitly opened nv underftaiding. It be carie evident, that whatever was in any de ree excellent or admirable, through (it the Bobor Logue t, was an emanation fionl the flhadow of wisdom, a ray of i ght obhilquely darting from the sacred voe lume whichl iitued firom the chambers of the del. rlo ascertain the certainty of this triuth, I determined to visit the rer; : oteft corner of the habitable world , ti; d in the bos; om of experience I ha e iulund the expetied convition §. Let not the noble Rajah be deceived. Let him not vainly imagine the Christians * The Translator must acknowvedge, that the iame of this learned Pundit has not reached io far as tl acquaint her with his name. i Habitable world . 'The Vedas. or Hindoo Scriptures, said in their allegorical mythology to have been recovered from the sea, by the God Veefhnu, in the form of a fish: V ho, after staying the giant Hayagriva, tore from his btlly the sacred volumes \uhich he had profanely swallowed, returned with them in triumph, and pre i'cnte¢l them to Brahma. A print of Veefhnu performing this ceremony is given in the second volume of Maurice's Indian Antiquities. § ''he meaning of the lramin is rather ol)f'ure; it is, however, fuffic; eltly oltious to cliablilh hi,, .naraictcr as a Sis; fi zn /;... ( 55) to be in poiteition of such an invaluable treasure as the Shafter he describes; a Shafter promulgating the glorious hope of immortality; calculated to produce the universal reign of peace and juilice, the exercise of the purest benevolence, and the moult pcrfeet virtue. Let not the Rajah think that the knowledge of fach a book as this exists among Christians. If it did, is it possible, that in the ten vears in which I have intimately converted with Chriltians of all ranks and orders ; military commanders, chiefs invepfed; ith the powers of civil authority , and men who made the fiudy of literature their employment and delight, is it possible, I say, that I should never.: ncc have heard of such a book ? Let the noble Rajah be the judge. That a book of ancient origin, vulgarly called tle bib'e, was once known to till Engliflh, I have had certain information: but far from containing doarines of such a nature as the Rajah has announced, the first proof of genius which a young man gives to the world , upon his issuing fi-om the schools, is to speak of it with a becoming degree of contempt. Indeed, to extirpate from society all regard. for the pernicious doctrines it contains . has long been the primary objcet of attention to the enlightened philosophers of Europe. iiow much the book is de.. ( 5) ielied by there sage philo5'oplers, may ealilybe inferred, when I declare, that of the many philosophers I have met with, who had nmoft vehemently spoken and written against it, not one had contaminated himself by deigning to examine its contents. One of these great men, a profound writer of history, has given to the world a work more voluminous than the Maahabbarat, more brilliant than the odes cf Sancha, undertaken, and accomplifihed, as I was well assured, with the benevolent purpose of coiivincing his countrymen of : ice iipcrliority of the Mlahornnedan to tie Chriilian faith. Whether these enlightened men will ever really succeed in rheir intention of establishing the religion of Mahomet in England, is, however, in ily opinion , rather dcubtful. However alluring the dodrrine of polygamy, and the view of the Mahommedan Paradise may be to men of tafle and sentiment, 'there are tome obstacles which, 1 apprehend, would, in the opinion of the people, be unsurmountable. The chief of these I take to be the prohibition of wine, the firil fact of Ramozin, and, above all the injunetions * concerning the treatment * See Sale's Koran, and Hamilton's tranflaton oath Hedeya. ( 57) of slaves, which are so mild and generous , that the Christians of England, who are concerned in the traffic of their fel low creatures (and who form a large and refpeftabje part of the community) would never he brought to submit to its authority . From the delusive opinion entertained in the sublime mind of the rfjah, of the religion of the Chrifians, he will, no doubt, be inclined to imagine, that their philanthropy embraces the wide circle of the human race.