Evenaadmitting that there are many illufirious and noble exceptions to this observation, whbfe high birth or amazing fortunes are somewhat obscured by their still more excellent endowments of mind. Our first remark is nevertheless well founded, since those who carry their literary researches far, are, with refpe&t to the other classes of people, like Virgil's, "Apparent rari nantes in gurgite vasto." But though there, be only few thorough profi cients in the study of the liberal arts and sciences, yet curiosity , or the desire of knowledge , is, hath been, and ever will be, one of the most general and leading palfions of the human breast. No doubt the professed end of reading is instruction, which by a proper use of the means shall certainly follow. 'That man doth not merit the appellation of reasonable , who would devote his hours to study without expecting a return of pleasure or of profit. Multitudes of readers, however, submit to the talk, only that they may have it to say, they perused such and such a book , and thus by proposing no certain end never exercising their judgement, or calling their memory to any account, they continue in original darknefs they are fools at full length, and idiots in miniature. Others, a degree above these, are at some pains about their reading ; they endeavour to think, but wvant of true taste, which ever will be accompanied with an improper choice of books , renders abortive their repeated labours. It is easy to flock the memory inory with ideas it is difficult to preserve order among them, and so to dispose of them, that when need requires, and never but then, they shall be readily found.. Of this we shall speak after yards, and in the mean time remark, that memory and judgement are not always joined; nay it is almost passed into a proverb, that they seldom are. Numbers of examples in support. of this might be quoted from history: After all, it is evident that wherever nature bellows a sound judgement and quick perception, there exercise and unwearying application, can render the memory adequate to all the ordinary purposes of life, and also of science. An acute underfianding is never unconneced with a tolerable share of memory; whereas, on the contrary, an exceeding fine memory may exist, with a very small , if any, degree of judgement. Proofs of this we meet in every day's experience. Thus at one of our Universities was lately bred a certain student, who could repeat the six books of Euclid verbatim; but if asked to give a demonstration in any other way, scarce understood what was said. I once met with a man of such extent of memory, that he could tell the book , chapter and verse of the whole bible, on hearing the sirs clause, or leading words of any verse read who at the same time was one of the most stupid and ignorant wretches alive. And it is said, among many other wonderful things related of the vast strength of the late Jedi diah Buxton's memory, a characer well known at Went Wentworth, in Yorklhire, that when carried to ied a play, he appeared quite unaffected, nay ignorant of what was going on, yet could tell precisely how many words were in each at. But to return more particularly to oui subjet, there cannot be a greater enemy than prejudice to mental improvement. This doth not more effectually obftrua the exercise of every benevolent feeling, than it acaually directs the reading of thousands. Prejudice is the error of a weak underfiand ing, the effea of narrow partial views of things, and can only lodge in an illiberal soul. When once it enters the mind, its sway is not more tyrannical, than universal , over the whole condut of the individual, and to break or defiroy its influence re. quires Herculean efforts. Another memorable circumstance is, that the most prejudiced persons are themselves the least sensible of it can least bear thd imputation, and often declaim the loudest against it. You may irritate much sooner than convince a bigot: nor can you inflic a deeper wound than to tell a man he is one. Aik the advice of a perfoh prejudiced in favour of any system , whether ancient or modern, in the course of your studies , and he will either only mention, or mark with peculiar approbation thote authors , who have wrote the most elaborately in support of the tenets which he himself hath embraced. In like manner I have known many people of such contracted ideas , as to despise the most mhining talents, because the temper of of the poffelor was not gloomy as their own: wherever they found cheerfulness, denied there could be piety, and regarded as immoral whoever mingled in society. How many will positively re fuie the perusal of a book , till they are assured, that in every point the author agrees with them. Religiousyprejudices are always the most inveterate, and the most hateful in the sight of both God and man. The spirit of true religion expands the heart, and cements mankind it appeals to our reason ; but was never intended to be the basis of one man's daring to damn his brother. Where prejudice sits enthroned, and a diversity of religious tenets hath existed, it never surprised me that the common rules of politeness should be broke. It almost invariably is the cafe, except there be liberality of sentiment, and expansion of soul; which supposes refinement , and implies real underfand ing. But thould prejudice not spread her jaundiced influence, fill without firong natural parts, or a prudent monitor, our reading may be fruitless. More depends on the choice of books than we are aware of. The sailor, who should indifcrininate ly plough the ocean, might chance never to reach his port. Among the truly studious, there are few whose experience will not urge many proofs of the absolute necessity of a guide, in order to save time, and attain knowledge . Few fcholars