a being, as a female infidel. The least reflection on the temper, the characer, and the education of women, makes the mind revolt with horror from an idea so improbable, and so unnatural. MAY I be allowed to observe, that, in general , the minds of girls seem more aptly prepared in their early youth for the reception of serious impressions than those of the other sex, and that their less exposed situations in more advanced life qualify them better for the preservation of them? The daughters (of good parents I mean) are often more carefully in ftru&ed in their religious duties, than the sons, and this from a variety of causes. They are not so soon sent from under the paternal eye into the M 3 bustle bustle of the world , and so early exposed to the contagion of bad example: their hearts are naturally more flexible, soft, and liable to any kind of impression the forming hand may stamp on them; and, lastly, as they do not receive the same classical education with boys, their feeble minds are not obliged at once to receive and separate the precepts of christianity, and the documents of pagan philosophy . The necessity of doing this perhaps somewhat weakens the serious imprelfions of young men, at least till the understanding is formed, and confuses their ideas of piety, by mixing them with so much heterogeneous matter. They only casually read , or hear read , the scriptures of truth , while they are obliged to learn by heart, construe and repeat the poetical fables of the less than human gods of of the ancients. And as the excellent author of The internalevidence of the Chris. tian Religion observes, " Nothing has " so much contributed to corrupt the " true spirit of the christian inffitution, " as that partiality which we contra:, " in our earliest education, for the " manners of pagan antiquity." GIRLS, therefore, who do not contract this early partiality, ought to have a clearer notion of their religious duties: they are not obliged, at an age when the judgement is so weak, to distinguish between the doctrines of Zeno, of Epicurus, and of Christ; and to embarrass their minds with the various morals which were taught in the Porch, in the Acadeiy, and on the Mlount. M 4 IT IT is presumed, that these remarks cannot pofibly be so misunderstood, as to be conitrued into the least difre fpea to literature, or a want of the highest reverence for a learned education, the basis of all elegant knowledge : they are only intended, with all proper deference, to point out to young women, that however inferior their advantages of acquiring a knowledge of the belles letters are to those of the other sex; yet it depends on themselves not to be surpassed in this most important of all studies , for which their abilities are equal, and their opportunities, perhaps, greater. BUT the mere exemption fi-om infidelity is so small a part of the religious character, that I hope no one will attempt to claim any merit from this negative sort of goodness, or value lue herself merely for not being the very worit thing she possibly can be. Let no mistaken girl fancy fly gives a proof of her wit by her want of piety, or that a contempt of things serious and sacred will exalt her understanding, or raise her character even in the opinion of the most avowed male infidels. For one may venture to affirm, that with all their profligate ideas , both of women and of religion, neither Bolingbroke, Wharton, Buckingham, nor even Lord Chesterfield himself, would have esteemed a woman the more for her being irreligious. WITP whatever ridicule a polite freethinker may affect to treat religion himself, he will think it necessary his wife should entertain different notions of it. He may pretend to despise it as a matter of opinion , depending on creeds creeds and systems ; but, if he is a man of sense, he will know the value of it, as a governing principle , which is to influence her conduct and direct her ations. If he sees her unaffet edly sincere in the practice of her religious duties, it will be a secret pledge to him, that the will be equally exact in fulfilling the conjugal; for he can have no reasonable dependance on her attachment to him, if he has no opinion of her fidelity to GOD; for she who negleets first duties, gives but an indifferent proof of her disposition to fill up inferior ones; and how can a man of any understanding (whatever his own religious professions may be) trust that woman with the care of his family, and the education of his children, who wants herself the best incentive to a virtuous life, the belief that she is an accountable creature, and and the reflection that fly has an immortal soul? CICERO spoke it as the highest commendation of Cato's charater, that he embraced philosophy , not for the sake of disputing like a philosopher, but of living like one. The chief purpose of chrifian knowledge is to promote the great end of a christian life. Every rational woman should, no doubt, be able to give a reason of the hope that is in her; but this knowledge is best acquired, and the duties consequent on it best performed, by reading books of plain piety and practical devotion, and not by entering into the endless feuds, and engaging in the unprofitable contentions of partial controversialists. Nothing is more unamiable than the narrow spirit of party zeal, nor more disgusting than to to hear a woman deal out judgments , and denounce vengeance. against any one, who happens to differ from her in some opinion , perhaps of no real importance, and which, it is probable, she may be just as wrong in rejecting, as the object of her censure is in embracing. A furious and unmerciful female bigot wanders as far beyond the limits prescribed to