Italian languages, and other accompliihments, according to the humour and ability of the parents, or genius and inclination of the children. Here then lies the principal defec, defect, that we are only taught French, or perhaps Italian, which is now as common among women of faihion, as men: whereas the men, by means of their education, (it being extended to the acquirement of the Roman and Greek languages,) are said to have a greater field for their imaginations to rove in, and their minds in consequence will be enlarged. It being generally alloyed, that o ir knowledge is in proportion to our ideas ; and that the more perplex they are, the greater is the variety of positions in which they may be employed. I confess however, that after much reflelion, and much inquiry, I am yet at a lots to discover the advantages they derive from it it hurts a mind of true and original capabilities, by preventing the excursions of a vigorous undertlnding, as they are kept in a beaten track: and perpetuates error, by imposing received opinions upon those, who, if they had begun the inquiry themselves, would have discovered truths , and have been more impressed by them than by considering them only as lessons: and focmetimes it fixes the attention to subjects which are not suited to that particular genius , and turn of mind, which n.irture would have exerted upon some other, the objeet of her own choice. Does it not, by loading the memory, reliain imagination: and by multiplying precepts , anticipate judgement? Is it not as ridiculous, for a man to account hirnfelf more learned than another, if he hath no greater extent of knowledge , because he is versed in languages; as it would be, for an old man to assert that his eyes were better than those of a young one, because he is afiftled by fpeta cles, which the other is not. yet it is reckoned nothing, for a man to be well versed in the mog 3 dern dern philcfophy, afironomy, geometry, and al. gebra, to understand Italian, French Spanifl, H; gh dutch, with the other European languages; and to be well acquainted with the modern history of all these countries. He will not be allowed to be learned with there only: it will be granted that he is intelligent , a good naturalifi, a great mathematician, or poet: but some emphatic llrugs, or significant look, willexprefs, that these are little, if he be no scholar. Do they not in this manner, invert the true order of things, and ascribe that merit to the knowledge of words , which properly belong to things? It is a groundless opinion , that because women are ignorant of the dead languages, they are also uninformed of the fubjets and sense which they contain ! Can it be supposed, that wisdom only speaks to her disciples in Greek, Latin, Hebrew, and other languages of antiquity? In order to confider whether this is the cafe or not, let it be luppofed that we are only instructed in our own language; and then let us inquire, whether that disadvantage be so great in fat as it is supposed? Whoever has sense will understand whatever is wrote in his own language, although he is entire. ly ignorant of all others; with an exception only of the technical terms of science. Shakespeare is a proof, that a man without the knowledge cf the learned languages, may understand his own, It is not neceifary women should be very learned : but in order to be useful members to society, happy in ourselves, or agreeable to others, all ur asions must proceed from fixed principles : we should think pertinently, and express our thoughts properly on every subject . A woman of unc'er. tlanding, will always confider the propriety of adapting dipting her conversation to time and place. The alians, a people as delicate and refined in their o0verfition as any in the world , have a maxim , It nothing relative to ourselves, ought to be ie ubjec of our discourse in mixed companies. he reason of there reitricions are so plain, that is needless to take notice of them. To there, will your Eli: lhne1s pardon my presumption, in ilririg with Lady Filmner) to add albfiufe fpe ulation, and political inquiries; these being iquifitions which require much reading and con jer.tion, and in which our sex is flldom con erred, are improper to be detailed by us? Nor, i hele limitations, are our thoughts and conver tion reilrained to a narrow compass; there flill mnin ffiaicient fubjets for our discoursing up n; such as all parts of polite literature, more articularly dramatic poesy, all subjects in which hara&ers are difp'ay.ed, and all others wherein - feelings of the heart are more interested than e powers of the understanding. History, as r as it relates to different xras; treatises, and ihys on moral fur.jec s; those of tatfe, of decc uim, of art, and humour; in short , of all parts literature that are not deemed scientific, and pproiated to the study of the men: for though 'e may not think so profoundly, we may discern t as much precision; and if we want strength conception, refinement and delicacy amply orpenfate the loss of it: and where the senti entil enters much into the fubj.ct, may it not truly said, that the female heart is naturally ore in unison, and responsive to fuhl touches, an that of the other sex. If the firmness of he men's minds are greater, their compassion is Crtainly les for it is ever sou.d, that as the (; 4 foftefit softest metals are most easily diffilved, so the e, dereft minds soonest melt with pity. Arethes not then, some species of poesy, in which n fcx, from their peculiar sensibility, seem qualifie to excel in: where the tender interefis of t heart arc the subject In the elegant complait ines of elegy, and the simplicity of patoral im gery, do not women appear to have a flperic.