much of our hppinels depends upon an evenness of temper; innot lustering ourselves to be too much elated in the season of prosperity, no; too much depief fed in that of adversity. Absolute misery is to be avoided, by a proper behaviour under all the complicated ills of human life. ffliion is the wholesome soil of virtue, Where patience, honour, sweet humanity , Calm lortiiude take root, and Rtrongly flourila; But profp: rous fortune, that allures with pleatures, Dazzles with pomp, and undermines with flattery, o!fons the soil, and its best product kills. MALLET's Alfred. Sudden accessions of great or good fortue, I ave already observed, are attended with infinite worse consequences to the mind, than the arpef afflicions; it renders people forgetful of heir religious duties, or the pracice they direc; nd of moral obligations: it causes the genial irit of affecion, which acuates a good heart, evaporate, and renders us incapable, though cftefcd of the balm, of applying it to the wounds ifriendfhip, or the relief of distressed virtue. In is situation, it is the happiness of misfortune nly, which can restore a man so far to fbciety s to become humane , useful or agreeable, even himself, upon reflection. it is an usual saying, 'that there cannot be a more unhappy man in e world , than he who has never experienced ldverfity. Exclusive of the variety of situations in which : omen m; ay be suddenly placed fi-om opposite rcufitances to those they were bred up in, which which muff necessarily produce the severed trials and humiliating mortification; the fcnfibilityand tenderness of our natures , expose us to afflicaioni of various kinds, conquerable only by resignation reason , and refletion; supported by religion, strength of mind, and c(nfidence in God. '1 here. fore, it becomes necessary for every womanin early life to apply herlilf to the study of resignation which Mrs. Griffiths observes " is the cnly philosophy a woman should boast of." I ever am, my dear Madam, your affeeionate friend, and humble servant, ELIZA DE CRUI. LE T ( t) ntinuation of the Family Narrative. L E T T E R XVIII m the Duchess DE CRUI, to Mrs. PIERPONT. EAR MADAM, BOUT the time mentioned in my lafl, Filmer returned home from his travels.. nine as his parents had been on his account, lly answered their expedations. He had d mos of the courts in Europe, and return th his views greatly enlarged, not of ex nature only, and the works of art, but of n life and manners; the connetions and us eftablifihments, the constitution and po fthe several slates and kingdoms of Europe. was handsome in his person, agreeable in anner, and joined to the sprightliness of ration an uncommon solidity of judgement. e conversation turn on history, fable, or ophy, his memory laid before him every he had read , his judgement made him t apropos; his vivacity made the recital enly agreeable, and in his genius inspired th delicacy and taste. He understood moil ithout prarifing them; and without be imelf a poet, he understood poetry. He L I. H spoke spoke of everything as a man who under what he is speaking of, and contented h with letting it occatfonally be seen that he connoifeur in all matters of tafle and elea though he professed only being an admr of them. He could, with great judge point out the beauties of a fine piture, wi loading his description with a vile jarg0 technical terms, ill underifood, and conseq misapplied. When others talked of celia explicable delicacies, nameless graces, and fine terms, he always reserved his rapturesi received his convition. He confined his examination of objecs ly intelleetual, entirely to those fimplet which reason confirms, and whose benefcil fluence on the happineos of our particular it as well as on the general good, is fuffic demonstrate their excellence. He emi himself principally in the mathematical fci in examining the powers and properties oi ral things, and in astronomy. In short , t studied that part of speculative philo? which, with the assistance of the sensei careful reasoning , leads to a clear, though means a complete knowledge of nature , ad majestically simple and beneficent laws was of opinion , as natural philosophy fe? adorn the mind, and gratify a laudable fli inquiry, it held the first rank in recreate ences. Sir John had early informed him, LI not logic been reduced in the schools to a frivolous subtleties, the study of it vouldl ceffary to those who are born to fecurel0 kind the peaceable enjoyments of their and properties; but they must seek t11 rules of manners and equity; and which a little application, they may extract from general maxim , love thy neighbour as thyself dg nothing unto him, which thou wouldfl not done unto thee. Sir John had cautioned his to beware of diving too deeply into divinity, of seeking to understand fyllogifins, which been formed with no other design but that might not be understood: reason herself be lost by refinement . The wit of the Imen, like the righteousness of the Scribes Pharisees, confided much in the flraining at s, and swallowing of camels; for they that urious in subtleties, and ignorant in things lid knowledge , prove themselves mere tri Mr. Filmer had profited by the great at n which had been paid him by his excel parents, and, to sum up his character, it otally different from that of the modern entleman. For to paint the charater of there, he mufl be above all rule, refiric and order ; delpife, and ridicule every which is sacred, disregard all ties of duty, efance to every principle and sentiment of r, any farther than to accept a challenge, a' debts contracted by gaming. As to nen, superior beings like these, confider as poor reptiles; and that they ought to ipon their industry and labour, even to inof their honest families, are doctrines ally maintained by a modern fine gentle.. had never been weakk enough to dued by imitation,