confider, that by learning , enerally meant the having a knowledge of the ient languages, that is, of words and grama. 1 rules, which frequently have but a very der connexion with the objects and ideas they meant to convey. lintillian, speaking of a pedant, who taught Scholars to be obscure, said he used to cry out, That is excellent, I do not underitand one d of it." One may spend whole days with sure in the company of a man, whole natu genius has been cultivated and improved, and a very small time with one who is a mere ar. One's imagination cannot be always on afretch to such exalted objeets; it must stop es itself, and return to its native simplicity; it happens unluckily to some of them, that anti chambers to the great, differ from the t0parnalus. To succeed in life, a man OLI. G muff must furniflh himself with a genteel address, place of Greek and Latin; and instead of inc; fantly courting the Muses, he flould fometls sacrifice to the Graces. Even. Dr. Samuel Jok son, in his preface; to his Dicionary, acquais us, that he is not so lost in lexicography, asi forget, " That words are the daughters of eallt and that things are the sons of Heaven." Thte is a great respect, undoubtedly, due to linguili as we owe to them the translation of the fact books . But it is a truth , that the attention pl to languages, has too generally swallowed most other more important considerations; in'. much, that sound morals, and good breeliri are obliged to give way to that which is onlj) moment, as it promotes, and serves for a convs ance to those. Whatever is universally necetfai has been granted to mankind on easy terms. 0. knowledge tis derived from the copious fourcec our senses and reason ; our minds are filled ni: ideas that spring, not from books , but thougfh our principles are confident, because deducedin regular series from each other, and not scrap' different systems , gleaned from the works others, and huddled together without examine: their congruity. Where is the scholar wki opinion is wholly his own? and where is the ge: us, whom we wish to have known the opiszi:, others? Are we sure that Shakelpeare w: have been so much admired, had he been as scholar? Do we not then derive advantages sir the very defects of our education? Do not( minds operate with more freedom, and wilht genuine simplicity of uncorrupted nature ? They need no mute, who can invoke their healst We are not fettered, like men, by principles , nor are our minds warped by systems , nor confined to the particular modes of thinking, that prevail in colleges and schools. I take nature to be the great book of universal learning ; which, whoever reads with most intelligence , will be the most knowing, and the most learned of whatever sex. The peasant who enjoys the beauty of the tulip, is equally delighted with the philosopher, though he knows not the rays from which the colours are derived; and plants grow with the same luxuriance, whether we suppose earth or water the parent of vegetation. The boy who strikes a ball with his racket, is as certain where it will be driven by the blow, as if he was more perfectly conversant in the dispute about matter and motion: and the light of the fun is equally beneficial to him whose eyes tell him that it moves, as to him whose reason persuades him that it stands still. In knowledge , those parts are nmolt eaty which are generally necessary. The tintercourfe of society is maintained without the elegancies of language. Figures, criticilins, and refinements , are the works of thole, who by their real, or fuppoifd parts, wish to dazzle mankind . A certain man, dilcourfing upon a teafonable topic, before the Ephori, was more circumstantial than was necessary; upon which Anaxandrias replied, "Stranger, you treat a necessary subject , in an unnecefiary manner." The commerce of the world is carried on by easy methods of computation: lubtilty and study , are invented merely to puzzle; and calculations are extended to (hew ithe fill of the calculator. Nature always does her part; fie has afforded a multiplicity of ob ects to the meditation of every person that can tbhold and think: and what fly has made the G 2 most moil agreeable exercise of our minds, reason mav convert to the mol: uteful. Now, if we consult this guide, I am apt to imagine, we stall be far from thinking many acquirements necessary, which the men lose time upon: we shall neither read , nor study to indulge, our indolence; nor to gratify our vanity; nor content ourselves, like them, with being grammarians and critics: far less, affeat the paltry praise of becoming great scholars, at the expense of being bewildered all our lives in the dark mazes of antiquity. But, by applying ourselves to nature only, we shall not waste our time to so little purpose, as those do, who, calling themselves phikifophers, mifpend their own lives in the pursuit of mean trifles, ex. ifting only in their own subtle imaginations. We (hall find more useful employments for our researches, than thole of determining the nature of space; or debating whether matter be, or be not, infinitely divisible? whether it have any existence but in the mind? whether there be any mechanical cause of gravitation? whether eternal duration, necessarily implies a substance of which it is a property? With a thousand other questions, of a yet more useless nature that have been eagerly canvassed in the schools. Let us examine our education, and observe wherein it falls short of the men's; and how the defecs may be, and are generally , supplied. In our tender years, they begin to be separated, and the boys in general are sent to the grammar school, and the girls to boarding fchools, in which cafe, the latter are infirueted in dancing, music, drawing, the French and