a childhood and youth fpent.in a heedless ignorance, will be followed by effeats, which can lone proceed from the maturity of a wisdom laboriouflygained? " No great thing is to be brought to perfecion suddenly, says Epiatetus, when not so much as a bunch of grapes are. If you tell me that you would this minute have a bunch of grapes, I will answer you, that there must be time; let them firif blossom, then bear fruit, fruit, then'ripen; is then the fruit of the vine not brought to perfetion suddenly, and in one hour? And would you possess the fruit of the human mind in so short a time and without trouble? I tell you, expea no such thing." In a comparison between the Stoic and the Christian philosophy , for all true religion may, undoubtedly, be styled philosophy , much, with a great deal of truth , has been. laid for the superiority of the Chriffian over the Stoic system . From that elevation of thought and sentiment, says the Chriftiani divine, which the principles of our faith inspire, we must, if we are sincere in our belief, be rendered superior to all the allurements which the transient pleasures of a few years present to us; with this hope set before us, all the afflictions of this present life will seem light, trifling, and not worthy to be named; but will be lost in the consideration of that eternal weight of glory which awaits our patient continuance in well doing. This is a very just description of the advantages which attend the principles of the Christian faith, and which must ever give it a great superiority over the principles of any system of philosophy , U which which is not founded in the belief of a future slate of retribution, where everything which is at present crooked will be made straight, and all inequalities reduced to that exaa medium of difference which agrees' with the ftric rules ofjuftice, grounded on. the principle of a perfect benevolence. But before we pass such an utter condemnation on the philosophy of the ancients, as may deprive us entirely of the advantage of that good sense which is to be found in some of. their writings, let us confider their treatises as written under the obscurity of pagan darkness, and not too partially compare them with systems of religion and morality, illuminated by the firong lights received by the revealed will of God, and the future dispensations of his Providence. It has been already observed, that the two first revelations made by God, in the persons of Adam and Noah, had so early lost their influence, by the corruptions of idolatry, that the Greeks had no notion of a future tfate, until they received some dark and confured hints from the East, in the tales of their first bard, who is known to the moderns by the name of Orpheus; and though a more rational doctrine of the im S - mortality mortality of the soul, was afterwards taught by Pythagoras, who had also gained tie elements of his theological knowledge from Egypt, yet it was soon obscured by the idle and mischievous fophifiry of philosophical vanity. The common herd of men were ignorant'to a pitiable degree, and their betters relifled opinions , which gave them tile enjoyments of their appetites, free fi-om the restraint of punishment; and thus the after tion, that there is no Hades, nor no Acheron, nor no Pyriphlegethon, was relished with an avidity which soon banflied, from the literary and polite circles, those opinions of more ancient and more sober times, which had kept their anceftors.within the useful bounds of religious restraint. To stop that general depravity which necessarily followed atheism, and a scepticism on a state of future rewards and punishments, fame of the more intelligent and fober minded persons attempted a method of reasoning , to convince mankind thit virtue, in the stria eft sense of the wvord, was the rational interest of a creature, who claimed that i'upe riority in intellectual endowments, which placed him not only in a superior station to the brute creation, but which equalled him, U 2 in in one sense, to the Deity, whom they considered as the original fountain of everyprin ciple in nature . Nor did this opinion flow from any criminal arrogance, but from the ignorance of those truths concerning the creation, which are to be found in the writings of Moses. It was a principle of the ancients, that nothing is made out of nothing: and the only difference between the Stoics and the Academicians was, that as the latter fuppcfed man to stand related God, as part of the same nature , through the course of successive produtions of inferior intelligences ; so the former placed man in an equal rank with the first principle in nature , by supposing him an immediate emanation from the Deity. Socrates is so memorable for the glorious attempt he made to reform the manners and the opinions of the age in which he lived, and for the martyrdom he suffered, in consequence of this conduct, that he is fryled, by way of preeminence, the Apostle of the pagan world ; and though he did not commit any of his opinions to writing, yet the' gratitude of his numerous disciples, among whom Xenophon and Plato are the most illustrious, has handed down' to pos terity terity the sublime documents of their master, and, in particular, the original and comprehensive manner in which he in ftruaed mankind , and his shrewd way of leading them, by pertinent questions, to those conclusions which are conformable to the dictates of right reason . Socrates may be regarded as the father and the source of all the different feds of philosophy , except the Epicurean, which lifitinguifhed Greece as the only school for useful and sublime literature, from the period of this philosopher's appearance to the downfall of all science and learning in the total fubveifion of the Roman empire. The academic fedt of philosophers were founded