explores truth by the help of her own eyes; but conscious that there are liable to deception, and take in only a very limited prospect, she is afraid to pronounce dogmatically on any question. She never impiously attempts to pass the boundaries which have been assigned her by Heaven, and is ever more ready to assume the character character of the pupil than the preceptor. CC Good taste, my dear Henry, is a powerful co adjutor to reason in the conduct of life. The perception of moral beauty is much akin to that of natural ; and a mind capable of receiving vivid impressions of the latter, will easily feel the influence of the former. Strive then to cultivate the love of everything great, fubline, and beautiful, whether in the natural or moral world ; you will find this a powerful preservative against those dangers to which your youth, rank, and, fortune peculiarly expose you. Unhappily they attack us moult powerfully at that period, when we have neither strength to resist, nor skill to elude their force; but good taste, uniting with good principles , will enable you to stand your ground, and even baffle all the arts of feduion. Farewell. To preserve you you virtuous, in order to: render you happy, is the constant aim of your assec tionate father, GRANVILLE." To the same. Castle Haffings. " I send my dear Henry the draught he desires, but have doubled the sum, that he may be under no te: nptation to repress one wish of his generous heart. "Polished, or, in other words , luxurious nations, are peculiarly favourable to the growth of self-love; there, individuals feel so many wants, that their attention is chiefly engrossed by private concernments. Hence it arises, that men acquire an extraordinary importance in their own eyes, and centre all their views in the ingle point of selfish gratification. "But "But though I hope you will ever find your highest enjoyment in the exercise of benevolence, yet let me warn you, not to be imposed on by those who are improper objects of your bouncy. In this cafe, your intended charity not only deprives the virtuous poor of their claims, but proves an encouragement to vice and sloth. It is necessity, not choice, that incites the lower classes of mankind to action; and were the indigent secure of food and clothing from the opulent, there would be a final ceffl: ion of industry; and then what dreadful disorders would ensue? "The desire of knowledge at your age is both natural and proper; but take care that your pursuit be properly di reed. Metaphysical refinements and disquisitions, whilst they flatter the pride of man, mislead his judgement, and corrupt his heart and whilst they deceive him him with promises of superior light, steal from him insensibly those hopes and fears, which Omniscience has assigned as the great springs of human conduct; and plunge him at length in darkness and despair. Religion is the only sure basis of morality. Do nor even its enemies confess this, when they term it a political engine? In truth , human society cannot subsist without the aid of religion; and the wisest legislatures have acknowledged, that it was safer for the populace to have a fabulous creed, than none at all. "Make religion then, my dear Henry, a subjet of attentive inquiry; but always remember it is its evidence, not its doctrines , of which you are to constitute reason the judge. Whatever is derived from a Being of infinite wisdom must be supposed to contain many things above human comprehension . The path of duty duty is plain; be that your chief study . "Your mother had a letter yesterday from Mrs. Seymour, who has born the journey to Dover pretty well. She and her amiable daughter present their compliments to you. Adieu. GRANVILLE." To the Jfae. Castle Haitlngs. (" I have just been examining with at. tention, the absurd and monstrous opinions entertained by the heathen world , of the nature and attributes of the Deity, and confess myself hocked beyond expression, at human weakness and error. Where was that reason which philosophers proudly boasted as an infallible guide in their researches after truth , when. when they adopted notions so repugnant to her dictates? i "I am persuaded, we who are enlightened by revelation are very incompetent judges of the extent of unassisted reason and often attribute to her natural force, what is the effec of supernatural illumination. Some trifling critics have condemned the ancient poets for ascribing the victories of their heroes to the interposition of their gods. "' What' merit," say they, " is there in obtaining a conquest by the assistance of Jove ?" Homer has had jufler notions of the importance of divine aid, than many who call themselves Christians. He saw that it was absolutely necessary to the performance of any great or good ation. "The study of history I would particularly recommend to mv dear Henry. It presents a wide field, in which you may collea collect a variety of materials, highly useful for the condua of life. It has likewise the ftrongeit tendency to exalt our ideas of the Divine government, by displaying to us the supreme disposer of all events, Leducng :,, od from evil, order from confusion, nd rendering the deepest laid plans of t; iachery and violence, not only subversive of isle ends proposed, but evidently conducive to the contrary. "There too, you will discover the superior excellency of Christianity wherever it hs had its full effet. Its internal evidence, and natural tendency, is what I would chiefly have you to confider. In truth , my son, however abused by the weakness or wickedness of mankind , the Christian scheme is indubitably the only one worthy f its great Author . Adopt its principles , cherish its hopes, rely on its promiies; they will give dignity and confiftencv to your character. Frequently quently contrast that of a man who joirn piety to God with benevolence to men, and maintains his integrity through