amnngft those, those, who had the advantage of conversing with our Lord, to bear witness of his miracles and refurretion and who, after his as Genfion, were assisted and inspired bythe Holy Ghost, This sacred volume must be the rule of your life. In it you will find all truths necessary to be believed; and plain and easy di 'reions, for the practice of every duty: Your Bible then must be your chief. study and delight: but, as it contains many various kinds, of writing fome parts obscure and difficult of interpretation, others plain and intelligible to the meaneff capacity i would chiefly recommend to your frequent perusal such parts of the sacred writings as are moult adapted to your underitanding, and most necessary for your inftru&tion. Our Saviour's precepts were spoken to the common people amongst the Jews; and were therefore given in a manner easy to be understood, and equally striking and instructive to the learned and unlearned: for'the most ignorant may comprehend them, whilst the wisest must be. charmed .and awed, by the beautiful and majestic simplicity with which they are expressed. Of the same : fne kind are the Ten Commandments, delivered by God to Moses; which, as they were defigned.for universal laws , are worded in the most concise and simple manner, yet with a majesty, which commands our utmost reverence. .1 think you will receive, great pleasure, as well as improvement, from the historical, books of the Old tetfament provided you read them as an history, in a regular course, and keep the thread of. it in your mind, as 'you go on. I know of none, true or fiti tious, that is equally wonderful , interesting, and affecing; or that is told .in so short and simple a manner as this, which is, of all ihifories, the most authentic. In my next letter, I will, give you some 'brief directions, concerning the method and 'course I wist you to pursue, in reading the holy scriptures. May you be enabled to make the best use of this most precious gift of God this sacred treasury of knowledge ! May you read the Bible, not as a task, nor as the ddull employment of that day only : in which .you are forbidden more lively entertainments .3 but, but with a sincere and ardent desire of ihn ftruetion; with that love and delight in God's word , which the holy psalmist so pathetically felt, and described, and which is the natural consequence of loving God and virtue- -- I speak this of the Bible in. general ; I would not be understood to mean, that: every, - part of the volume is equally.interefting. I: have already said, that it consists of. various matter, and various kinds of books , which, must be read with different views and'fenti> ments.. The having some general notion of: what you are to exped..from.each book may. possibly help you to underhand them, and: heighten your relifh of them. I shall treat you. as if you were perfectly new to the whole i for so I wish you toconf; der yourself; because: the time and manners in. which .children usually read the Bible, are very ill.calculated to make them really acquainted with it; and too. many people who have read it thus, without. underitanding it in their youth, satisfy them.. that they know enougl of.it, and never afterwards study it with attentions when they.. come to a maturer age, .adiy., Adieu, riiy beloved Niece! If the feelings of )ouir heart, wiilf you read my letters, correfpbnd wtith those of mine, whilfti write tiemn; I shall not be without the advantage of your pairial affetion, to give weight to my advice;; believe mre, my own dear girl, mry lhart and eyes overflow with ten. dernie'f, wiile I tell you, with how warm and earnedt' prayers' for your happiness here, and hereafter, I subscribe myself your faithful friend and moss aietionate Aunt. LETTER' II IN'O W proceed: to give rmy dar nieie' foiiii fi ort fketches'of tihe rmawir c.n. tdiihed in the different bholds of tihbibile ands' of tle' cuirfe in whic'they'ouglit to be read The firti Book , genesis;, cbritaidfith: erftd grahdgand t o 'us, 'the rioft iiierting events, that ever happened in' tihe duveri': Tle creation of the'wdrld; and ds rili: The'de: - C plorable plorable fall of man, from his first ftate.of excellence and bliss, to the diitreffed condition in which we' see all his descendants continue: The sentence of death pronounced on Adam, and on all his race with the reviving promise of that deliverance, which has since been wrought for us by our blessed Saviour : The account of the early state of the world i of the universal deluge: The di vifibn of mankind into different nations and languages : The story of Abraham,, the founder of the Jewish people, whose unshaken faith and obedience, under the severest trial human nature could sustain, obtained such favour in the sight of God, that he vouchsafed to style him his friend, and promised to make of his posterity a great nation; and that in his seed that is, in one of his descendants all the kingdoms of the earth should be bless ftd: this, you will easily see, refers to the Messiah,. who was to be the blessing and deliverance of all nations. It is amazing that the Jews, possessing this prophecy among many others, should have been so blinded by prejudice, as to have expected, from this great 7 personage, personage, only a temporal deliverance of their own nation from the subjection to which they .were reduced under the Romans: it is equally amazing, that some Christians should, even now, confine the blessed effets of his appearance upon earth, to this or that particular see or profession, when he is so clearly and emphatically described as the Saviour of the whole world : The story of Abraham's proceeding to sacrifice his only fon'at the command of God, is affecing in the highest degree, and fets.forth a