of his subject sometimes leads him into abstruseness but many parts of his great poem are easy to all comprehensions , and must find their way direfly to every heart by the tenderness and delicacy of his sentiments, in which. he is' riot less strikingly excellent than in the rich fiefs and sublimity of his imagination. Adn 2 difon's difon's criticism in the Specators, writteft with that beauty, elegance, and judgement, which distinguish all his writings, will assist you to underhtand and to relish this poem. It is needless to recommend to you the translations of Homer and Virgil, which everybody reads that reads at all. You muit have heard that Homer is esteemed the father of poetry, the original from whence all the moderns not excepting Milton him felf borrow some of their greatest beauties, and from whom they extract those rules for composition, which are found most agreeable to nature and true taste. Virgil, you know, is the next in rank amongst the clas sics: You will read his Eneid with extreme pleasure, if ever you are able to read Italian, in Annibal Caro's translation; the idiom of the Latin and Italian languages being more alike, it is, I believe, much closer, yet preserves mnore of the spirit of the original than. the English translations. For the rest, same will point out to you the most considerable of our poets; and I: would would not exclude any of name, among those whose morality is unexceptionable: but of poets, as of all other authors , I wish you to read only such as are properly recommended to you fince there are many who debate their divine art, by abusing it to the purposes of vice and impiety. If you could read poetry with a judicious friend, who would lead your judgement to a true discernment of its beauties and defers, it would inexpressibly heighten both your pleasure and improvement. But, before you enter upon this, some acquaintance with the Heathen Mlytholgy is necessary. I think that you must before now have met with some book under the title of The Pan heon : And, if once you know as much of the gods and goddesses as the most common books on the fubjeet will tell you, the rest may be learned by reading Homer: but then you mufi particularly attend to him in this view . I do not expect you to penetrate those numerous nmyferies those amazing depths of morality, religion, and rmetaphyfics -- which some pretend to have discovered in his mythology, but to know the names and principal of N 3 sices sices of the Gods and Goddefies, with some. idea of their moral meaning, seems requisite to the understanding almost any poetical corn position. As an instance of the moral meaning I speak of, I will mention an observation of Boffiet, That Homer's poetry was particularly recommended to the Greeks by the superiority which he ascribes to them over the Asiatics; this superiority is shown in the Iliad, not only in the tonqueft of Asia by the Greeks, and in the aftual destruction of its capital, but in the division and arrangement of the gods, who took part with the contending nations. On the fide of Asia was Venus that is, sensual paflion pleafure and effeminacy. On the fide of Greece was Yuno that is, matronly gravity and conjugal love;, together with mercury invention and elo. quence and jupiter or political wisdom.. On the fide of Asia was Mars, who represents brutal valour and blind fury. On that of Greece was Pallas -- that is, military disci- -- and bravery, guarded by judgement. This, and many other instances that might' be produced, will show you how much of the beauty beauty of the poet's art must be lost to you, without some notion of these allegorical personages. Boys, in their fchool learning , have this kind of knowledge impressed on their minds by a variety of books ; but women, who do not go through the same course of instruction, are very apt to forget what little they read or hear on the fubjea: I advise you therefore never to lose an opportunity of inquiring into the meaning of anything you meet with in poetry, or in painting, alluding to the history of any of the heathen deities, and of obtaining from some friend an explanation of its connetion with true history, or of its allegorical reference to morality or to physics. Natural Philosophy , in the largest sense of the exprefllon, is too wide a field for you to undertake; but, the study of nature , as far as may suit your powers and opportunities, you will find a mos sublime entertainment: the objecs of this study are all the stupendous works of the Almighty Hand that lie within the reach of our observation. In the works of man perfecion is aimed at, but, it can N 4 only only be.found in those of the Creator. The contemplation of perfeetion must produce delight, and every natural objec around you would offer this delight, if it could attrat your attention: if you survey the earth, every leaf that trembles in the breeze, every blade of grass beneath your feet is a wonder as absolutely beyond the reach of human art to imitate as the confiruc tion of the universe . Endless pleasures to those who have a taite for them, might be derived from the endless variety to be found in the composition of this globe and.its inhabitants. The foffil the vegetable and the animal world gradually riling in the scale of excellence the innumerable species of each, still preserving their specific differences from age to age, yet of which no two individuals are ever perfectly alike - afford such a range for observation and inquiry as might engross the whole term of our short life if followed minutely. Besides all the animal creation obvious to our unafifted senses, the eye, aided by philosophical inventions, sees myriads of creatures, which by the ignorant