are are not known to have existence: it sees all nature teem with life; every fluid each part of every vegetable and animal - swarm with its peculiar inhabitants invifible to the naked. eye, but as perfect in all their parts, and enjoying life as indisputably, as the elephant or the whale. But, if from the earth, and from these minute wonders , the philosophic eye is raised. towards the Heavens, what a stupendous scene there opens to its view ! thofe brilliant lights that sparkle to the eye of ignorance as gems adorning the sky, or as lamps to guide the traveller by night, assume an importance that amazes the understanding they appear to be worlds , formed like ours for a variety of inhabitants or sins, enlightening numberless other worlds too distant for our discovery! - I shall ever remember the astonishment and rapture with which my mind received this idea , when I was about your age; it was then perfetly new to. me, and it is irnpoffible to describe the sensations I felt from the glorious, boundless prospect of infinite nite beneficence bursting at once upon my imagination! who can contemplate such a scene unmoved? - if your curiosity is excited to enter upon this noble inquiry, a few books on the subjet, and those of the easiest sort, with some of the common experiments, may be sufficient for your purpose which is to enlarge your mind, and to excite in it the most ardent gratitude and profouna adoration towards that great and good Being, who exerts his boundless power in communicating various portions of happiness through all the immense regions of creation. Moral philosophy , as it relates to human aaions, is of frill higher importance than the study of nature . The works of the ancients on this subjet are universally said to be entertaining as well as inirrutive, by those who can read them in their original languages; and'fuch of them as are well translated will undoubtedly, rome years hence, afford you great .pleasure and improvement. You will also find many agreeable and useful books , writ ten originally. in French, and in English, on morals morals and manners: for the present, there are works , which, without assuming the solemn air of philosophy , will enlighten your mind on these subjects , and introduce initrution in an easier dress: of this sort are many of the moral essays, that have appeared in periodical papers which, when excellent in their kind as are the Spetators, Guardians, Ramblers and Adventurers -- are particularly useful to young people, as they comprehend a great variety of fubje&ss introduce many ideas and observations that are new to them and lead to a habit of reflecting on the cha ralers and events that come before them in real life, which I confider as the best exercise of the understanding. Books on taste and criticism will hereafter be more proper for you than at present: whatever can improve your discernment , and: render your taste elegant andjuft, must be of great consequence to your enjoyments as well as to the embellishment of your understanding. I would by no means exclude the kind of reading , reading , which young people are naturally most fond of; though I think the greatest care should be taken in the choice of those fifciti ous ories, that so enchant the mind moft of which tend to inflame the pafflions of youth, whilst the chief purpose of education should be to moderate and restrain them. Add. to this, that both the writing and sentiments of most novels and romances are such as are only proper to vitiate your ftylei and to rif lead your heart and understanding. The ex pecation of extraordinary adventures which seldom ever happen to the sober and prudent part of mankind and the admiration of extravagant passions and absurd condut, are some of the usual fruits of this kind of reading ; which when a young woman makes it her chief amusement, generally renders her ridiculous in conversation, and miserably wrong headed in her pursuits and behaviour. There are however works of this class in which excellent morality is joined with the most lively pietures of the human mind, and with all that can entertain the imagination and and interest the heart. But, I must repeatedly exhort you, never to read anything of the sentimental kind, without taking the judgement of your best friends in the choice; for, I am persuaded, that the indiscriminate reading of such kind of books corrupts more female hearts than any other cause whatsoever. Before I close this correspondence, I shall point out the course of history I wish you to pursue, and give you my thoughts of geography and chronology, some knowledge of both being, in my opinion , necessary to the reading of history with any advantage. I am, my dearest Niece, Your ever affetionate. LETTER LETTER IX MY DEAR NIECE, I HAVE told you that you will not be able to read history, with much pleasure or advantage, without some little knowledge of Geography and Chronology. They are both very easily attained I mean in the degree that will be necessary for you. You must be sensible that you can know but little of a country, whose situation with refpea to the rest of the world you are entirely ignorant of and that, it is to little.purpofe that you are able to mention a, if you cannot nearly ascertain the time in which it happened, which alone, in may cafes, gives importance to the fact itself. In geography the easiest of all sciences, and the best adapted to the capacity of child ren i suppose you to have made some beginning; to know at least the figure of the earth the supposed lines the degrees how to measure measure diftances and a few of the common terms: If you do not already know these, two or three lessons will be sufficient to attain them: the rest is the work of memory, and is easily gained by reading