Harmony, ox of diftinguiihing the most ddaliae charms of 4elody, The pleasure of feeing fine paintings, or even of contemplat iag the beauties of Nature , must be greatly 1heighten'd by our being conversant with the rules of drawing, and by the habit of considering the most pisurefque objects. As I look upon taste to be an inestimable fund of innocent delight, I wish you to lose no opportunity of improving it, and of cultivating in yourself the relish of such pleasures as will not interfere with a rational scheme of life, nor lead you into dissipation, with all its attendant evils.of vanity and luxury. As to the learned languages, though I respect the abilities and application of those ladies, who have attained them, and who make a modest and proper use of them, yet I would by no means advise you or any woman who is not .frongly impelled by a particular genius to engage in such studies . The labour and time which they require are generally generally incompatible with our natures and 'proper employments: the real knowledge which they supply is not essential, since the Englith, French, or Italian tongues afford : tolerable translations of all the mors valuable productions of antiquity, besides the multitude of original authors which they furnish; and these are much more than sufficient to spore your mind with as many ideas as you will know how to manage. The danger of : pedantry and presumption in a woman of;; exciting envy in one sex and jealousy in : the other of her exchanging the graces of .imagination for the severity and preciseness of, a scholar, would be, I own, sufficient to; frighten me from the ambition of feeing my; girl remarkable for learning . Such objections .are perhaps fill stronger with regard to the .abstruse sciences. Whatever tends to embellish your fancy,; to enlighten your underfianding, and furnish you with ideas to reflec upon when alone, orto converse upon in company, is certainly *well' worth your acquisition. The wretched expedient, expedient, to which ignorance so often drives' our sex, of calling in slander to enliven the; tedious insipidity of conversation, would alone' be a strong reason for enriching your mind with innocent fubjeas of entertainment, : which may render you a fit companion for; persons of sense and. knowledge , from whom you may reap the most desirable. improvements: for, though I think reading indif -- penfably necessary. to the due cultivation of' your mind, I prefer the conversation of filch: persons to every other method. of.infpru&ion: but, this you cannot.hope.to enjoy, unless. you qualify yourself to bear a part in such society, by, at.leaft, a moderate share. of reading . Though religion is the most' important of all your pursuits, there are not many books on that subject , which I should recommend; to you at present.: Controversy. is. wholly irproper at your age, and it is also tdo soon for you to inquire into the evidence of the truth of revelation,; or to fudy .the difficult' parts of fcriptu e: .when these shall come be -- sore. fore you, there are many excellent books ,. from which you may receive great assistance. At present, pracical divinity clear of superstition and enthusiasm, but addressed .to the heart, and written with a warmth and spirit capable of exciting in it pure and rational piety is what I wish you to meet with. The principal study , I would recommend, : is hi2iry. I know of nothing equally proper to entertain and improve at the same time, or that is so likely to form and strengthen your judgement, and, by giving you a liberal and comprehensive view of human nature , in some measure to supply the defect of that experience, which is usually attained too late to be of much service to us. Let me add, that more materials for conversation are supplied by this kind of knowledge , than by almost any other; but I have more to say to you on this subje&c in a future letter. The faculty, in which women usually most excel, is that of imagination; and, when properly cultivated, it becomes the source of N all all that is most charming in society. Nothing you can read will so much contribute to the improvement of this faculty as poetry; which, if applied to its true ends, adds a thousand charms to those sentiments of religion, virtue, generosity, and delicate tenderness, by which the human soul is exalted and refined . I hope, you are not deficient in natural taste for this enchanting art, but that you will find it one of your greatest pleasures to be conversant with the best poets, whom our language can bring you acquainted with, particularly, those immortal ornaments of our nation, Shakespeare and Milton. The first is not only incomparably the noblest genius in dramatic poetry, but the greatest master of nature , and the. most perfec charaacrifer of men and manners: in this last point cf view , I think him inefrimable; and I am persuaded that, in the course of your life, you will seldom find.occafion to correet those observations on human nature , and those principles of morality, which you may extract from his capital pieces. You will at first find his lane guage "gauge difficult; but, if you take the assistance of a friend, who understands it well, you will by degrees enter into his manner of phraseology, and perceive a thousand beauties, which at first lay buried in obsolete words and un .eouth conftruetions; The admirable Ejasy on Sbakefpear, which has lately appeared, so much to the honour of our sex, will open your mind to the peculiar excellencies of this author , and enlighten your judgement on dramatic poetry in general , with such force of reason and brilliancy of wit as cannot fail to' delight as well as inftrua you. Our great Englifi poet, Milton, is as far above my praise as his Paradise Lj? is above anything which I am able to read , except the sacred writers . The sublimity