think we have discovered a new truth that lay very deep, when perhaps we have only a lively sense of something which others feel in a less degree. CVIIT. SCHOLARSHIP, or, if you will, learning , is perpetually rung in my ears as the um; numn bonum, the one thing necessary to man: to say of a person that he is a good scholar, seems to imply every kind of superiority; to say he is no scholar, just the contrary. But I confess, that after much reflection and much inquiry, I am yet at a loss to comprehend this mighty advantage of scholarship; ome advantages, to be sure it has, but perhaps its disadvantages are not less : it sometimes prevents the excux sions of a vigorous understanding, by keeping it in a beaten track; it perpetuates error, by imposing received opinions upon those who, if they had begun the inquiry, would have discovered truth ; it divides the at tention, and sometimes fixes it to subjects which are not suited to that particular genius and turn of mind which nature would have exerted upon tome [ 39 some other, the object of her own choice, with infinite advantage: by loading the memory it restrains imagination, and by multiplying precepts it anticipates the judgement. Give me the man whose knowledge is derived from the copious source of his own reason , whole mind is filled with ideas that sprung not from books but thought; whose principles are confifdent because deduced in a regular series from each other, and not scraps of different systems gleaned from the works of others, and huddled together without examining their incongruity. Where is the scholar whose opinion is entirely his own? and where is the GENIUS whom we with to have known the opinions of others? Are we sure that SHAKESPEARE would have been the wonder he was, had he been a deep scholar ?-* * The author does not intend by this article to deny, that by consulting books a man may gain an acquaintance with the sciences in general , which he could never gain without them; but he believes, with Mr. Pops, that " the proper *' cience of mankind is man," and that the knowledge of man is not belt acquired by what is generally called learning . And though he firmly believes, that SHAKESPEARE's excellence was owing to his Itudy of the living world , from which books would necefinrily have diverted his attention yet he is also willing to allow, that the discoveries of NEWTON depended upon his acquaintance with books , at leafi upon his knowledge of principles which others had discovered ; for without the principles of arithmetic and geometry, which it is not probable he would have discovered merely by the force of his own thought, he could not have produced a new fyllem of philosophy . E 3 CIX [ 40 ] CIX I lately went into a great and curious library; and, however uncommon, these were my reflections: Behold, said I to myself, at once the glory and the disgrace of human nature ! What monuments of ingenuity and knowledge ! of ingenuity employed to render error specious, and of knowledge which has little more than these specious errors for its objects. How many of those that have written on the same subject and agree, agree only because they have implicitly adopted the same opinions , which they have employed their minds not to examine but to defend! how many of those that differ, differ only because they have adopted contrary opinions , which they also defend, without examination! Is not far the greater part of the learned labour that surrounds me, the work of perverted reason , of prejudiced zeal, of mercenary felf inte rest? Does not the strength of the writer's understanding often prove the depravity of his heart? And would not the honest mind that could read and remember all the volumes that I see, be rather bewildered than inftruted, and rather doubt of all things than believe any? CX p clever! and in a man of fashion too! GYGES will quote you from Virgil and Horace, in Latin, till you stare again! -- Its true, that he is awkwardly dressed; that he lives ill; and, above [ 41 ] above all, that he generally takes the false fide of the question: but be will quote, ye gods! how he will quote! CXI MELISSA has not much common, but a great deal of uncommon, or, if you will, out of theway sense. She underrands latin, has written much verse, has read a good deal of history, and a great deal of tnetaphyfics; ihe is a zealous enemy of super itiion and priestcraft, and holds Moses and all such people extremelycheap. MELISSA will sport a subject with you willingly; and if you talk more upon it than she, 1 had almost said better, I am not a little mistaken: her words flow with stich easy volubility, that certainly, if you have any taste, MELISSA will attra& your attention, possibly your admiration; but then you must not turn the fiream, you must not put her mind out of its course, for the road once lost she will wander farther and farther from it in endless perplexity; ihe goes on where she sees the track, but never yet asked herself whither it would lead her: she talks not from sentiment but from memory, and a kind of inftint; so that though what she ahys is rational, yet the has not herself deduced it from reason . The regular dependance of one principle upon another is what she least regards, and she is therefore so inconsistent that often has MELILSA disputed powerfully, nay felf perfuafively on Monday on one fide, and on Tuesday on the other. In E 4 her [ 42 ] her discourse too, she confiders herself much more than the person she speaks to; and therefore lhe often tells a sentimental story to a civil listening country farmer, and some cant joke of one so citey to