the man of Uz) refused to consult them when he laid the foundations of the earth, when he Shut up the sea with doors, and made the clouds the garment thereof. A MAN must be an infidel either from pride, prejudice, or bad education: he cannot be one unawares or M 2 by by surprise; for infidelity is not occasioned by sudden impulse or violent temptation. He may be hurried by some vehement desire into an immoral action, at which he will blush in his cooler moments, and which he will lament as the effe&l of a spirit unsubdued by religion; but infidelity is a calm, considerate act, which cannot plead the weakness of the heart, or the seduction of the senses. Even good men frequently fail in their duty through the infirmities of nature , and the allurements of the world ; but the infidel errs on a plan, on a fettled and deliberate principle . BUT though the minds of men are sometimes fatally inseted with this disease, either through unhappy prepossession, or some of the other causes abovementioned; yet I am unwilling to to believe,; that there is in nature so monstrously incongruous a being, as a female infidel. The least reflection on the temper, the character, and the education of women, makes the mind revolt with horror from an idea so improbable, and so unnatural. MAY I be allowed to observe, that, in general , .the minds of girls seem more aptly prepared in their early youth for the reception of serious imprelflons than those of the other sex, and that their less exposed situations in more .advanced life qualify them better for the preservation of them? .The daughters (of good parents I, mean) .are often more' carefully in ftcruaed in their religious duties, than the sons, and this from a variety of eaufes. They are not. so soon sent from under the paternal eye .into the M 3 buffle 7 bustle of the world , nor so early exposed to the contagion of bad example: their hearts are naturally more flexible and soft, and consequently more liable to any kind of impression the forming hand may stamp on them; and, lastly, as they do not receive the same classical education with boys, their feeble minds are not obliged at once to receive and separate the precepts of christianity, and the documents of pagan philosophy . The necessity of doing this perhaps somewhat weakens the serious impressions of young men, at least till the understanding is formed, and confuses their ideas of piety, by mixing them with so much heterogeneous matter. They only casually read , or hear read , the scriptures of truth , while they are obliged to learn by heart, construe and repeat the poetical fables of the less than human gods - of of the ancients. And as the excellent author of The Internal Evidence of the Christian Religion observes, " Nothing has " so much contributed to corrupt the " true spirit of the chritian institution, "as that partiality which we contract , " in our earliest education, for the " manners of pagan antiquity." grrls, therefore, who do not con traet this early partiality, ought to have a clearer notion of their religious duties: they are not obliged, at an age when the judgement is so weak, to distinguish between the doctrines of Zeno, of Epicurus, and of Clirif; and to embarrass their minds with the various morals which were taught in the Porch, in the Academy, and on the Mount. M 4 IT IT is presumed, that there remarks cannot pofribly be so misunderstood, as to be construed into the least difre fpe& to literature, or a want of the highest reverence for a learned education, the bails of all elegant knowledge : they are only intended, with all proper deference, to point out to young women, that however inferior their advantages of acquiring a knowledge of the belles letters are to those of the other sex; yet it depends on themselves not to be surpassed in this most important of all studies , for which their abilities are equal, and their opportunities, perhaps, greater. BUT the mere exemption from infidelity is so small a part of the religious character, that I hope no one will attempt to claim any merit from this negative sort of goodness, or value lue herself merely for not being the very worst thing she possibly can be. Let no mistaken girl fancy ihe gives'a proof of her wit by her want of piety, or imagine that a contempt of things serious and sacred will exalt her understanding, or raise her character even in the opinion of the moss avowed male infidels. For one may venture to affirm, that with all their profigate ideas , both of women and of religion, neither Bolingbroke, Wharton, Buckingham, nor even Lord Chesterfield himself, would have esteemed a woman the more for her being irreligious. FOR with whatever ridicule a polite freethinker may asset to treat religion himself, he will think it necessary that his wife liould entertain' different notions of it. 'He may pretend to despise it as a matter of opinion , depending'on creeds creeds and systems ; but, if he is a man of sense, he will know the value of it, as a governing principle , which is to influence her conduct and direet her actions. If he sees her unaffet edly sincere in the practice of her religious duties, it will be a secret pledge to him, that she will be equally exat in fulfilling the conjugal; for he can have no reasonable dependance on her attachment to him, if he has no opinion of her fidelity to god. -- She who neglets first duties, gives but an indifferent proof of her disposition to fill up inferior ones; and how can a man of any underifanding (whatever his own religious professions may be) trust that woman with the care of his family, and the education of his children, who wants herself the best incentive to a virtuous life, the