who had the advantage of conversing with our Lord, to bear witness of his miracles and refur retion and who, after his afcen sion, were assisted and inspired by the Holy Ghoft. this sacred volume nmuf be the rule of your life. -- In it you will find all truths , northeast celfary to be believed; and plain and easy directions, for the practice of every duty: Your Bible then must 4 must be your chief Rfudy and delight: but, as it contains many various kinds of writing fome parts obscure and difficult of interpretation, others plain and intelligible to themeaneftcapacity I would chiefly recommend to your frequent perusal such parts of the sacred writings as are most adapted to your understanding, and most necessary for your inftru&cion. Our Saviour's precepts were ipoken to the common people amongif the Jews; and were therefore given in a manner easy to be understood, and equally striking and inftrutive to the learned and unlearned: for the most ignorant may comprehend them, whilst whilst the wisest must be charmed and awed, by the beautiful and ma jeftic simplicity with which they are expreffed. of the same kind are the Ten Commandments, spoken by God to Moses; which, as they were designed for universal laws , are worded in the most concise and simple manner, yet with a majesty, which commands our utmost reverence. I think you will receive great pleasure, as well as improvement, from the historical books of the Old teftament provided you read them as an history, in a regular course, and keep the thread of it in your your mind, as you go on. i know of none, true or fi&fitious, that is equally wonderful , interet ing, and asseting; or that is told in so thort and imnple a manner as this, which is, of all histories, the most authentic. In my next letter, I will give you some brief direcions, concerning the method and course I wish you. to pursue, in reading the holy scrip tures. ma'y you be enabled to make the best use of this most precious gift of god this sacred treasury of knowledge May you read the Bible, not as a talk, nor as the dull employment of that day only, in in which you are forbidden more lively entertainments but, with a sincere and ardent desire of instruction:; with that love and delight in God's word , which the holy Psalmist so pathetically felt, and described, and which is the natural consequence of loving God and virtue Though I speak this of the Bible in general , I would not be un derfsood to mean, that every part of the volume is equally interesting. I have already said, that it consists of various matter, and various kinds of books , which must be read with different views and sentiments. The having some general notion of what you are to expect from each book may may possibly help you to understand them, and .heighten your relish of them. i shall treat you as if you were perfetly new to the whole,; for so I wish you to confider yourself; because the time and manner in which children usually read the Bible, are very ill calculated to make them really acquainted with it; and too many people who have read it thus, without understanding it in their youth, satisfy themselves that they know enough of it, and never, afterwards study it with attention, when they come to a maturer age. Adieu, Adieu, my beloved Niece! If the feelings of your heart, whilst you read my. letters, correspond with those of mine, whilst I write them, 1 Shall not be without the advantage of your partial affection, to give weight to my advice; for believe me, my own dear girl, my heart and eyes overflow with tenderness, while I tell you, with how warm and earnest prayers for your happiness here, and hereafter, I subscribe myself, your faithful friend and most affectionate Aunt. LET. LETTER II NO W proceed to give my dear niece some short sketches of the matter contained in the different books of the bible and of the course in which they ought to be read . The first book , GENESIS, contains the most grand, and, to us, the most interesting events, that ever happened in the universe : The creation of the world , and of man: The deplorable fall of man, from his first state of excellence and bliss, to to the distressed condition in which wefee all his descendants continue: The fentenceofdeath pronounced on Adam, and on all his race with the reviving promise of that deliverance, which has since been wrought for us, by our blessed Saviour: The account of the early state of the world : of the universal deluge: The division of mankind into different nations and languages: The Pory of Abraham, the founder of the Jewish people; whose unshaken faith and obedience, under the severest trial human nature could sustain, obtained such favour in the sight of God, that he vouchsafed to style him his friend, and promised promised to make of his posterity a great nation; and that in his seed that is in one of his defcendants all the kingdoms of the earth should be blessed: this, you will eafily fee, re sers to the Messiah, who was to be the blessing and deliverance of all nations. it is amazing that the Jews, possessing this prophecy among many others, should have been so blinded by prejudice, as to expet, from this great personage, only a temporal deliverance of their own nation from the subjection to which they were reduced under the romans it is equally amazing, that some Christians should, even now, confine the blessed effecs of D his his appearance upon earth, to this or that particular sect or profession, when he is so clearly and emphatically described as the Saviour of the whole world . the story of Abraham's proceeding to sacrifice his only son at the command of God, is affecting in