If you could read poetry with a judicious friend, who would lead your judgement to a true discernment of its beauties and defeas, it would inexpressibly heighten both your pleasure and improvement. But, before you enter upon this, some acquaintance with the Heathen Mythology is necessary. I think that you must before now have met with some book under the title of she Pantheon: And, if once you know as much of the gods and goddesses as as the most common books on the subjec will tell you, the rest may be learned by reading Homer: but then you must particularly attend to him in this view . i do not expect you to penetrate those numerous mysteries - those amazing depths of morality, religion, and metaphyfics which some pretend to have discovered in his mythology; but, to know the names and principal offices of the gods and goddesses, with some idea of their moral meaning, seems requisite to the understanding almost any poetical composition- -- an instance of the moral meaning I speak of, I will mention an observation of Bossuet, k3 That That Homer's poetry was particularly recommended to the Greeks by the superiority which he ascribes to them over the afiatics this superiority is shown in the Iliad, not only in the conqueff of Afla by the Greeks, and in the actual destruction of its capital, but in the divi. sion and arrangement of the Gods, who took part with the contending nations. on the fide of Asia was Venus - that is, sensual passion - pleafure and effeminacy. On the fide of Greece was uno - that is, matronly gravity and conjugal love; together with Mercury - invention and eloquence - and Jupiter - or political wisdom. - On the fide of 3 Asia Asia was Mars, who represents brutal valour and blind fury. - On that of Greece was Pallas - that is military discipline, and bravery, guarded by judgement. This, and many other instances that might be produced, will (hew you how much of the beauty of the poet's art must be lost to you, without some notion of there allegorical personages. Boys, in their fchool learning have this kind of knowledge impreifed on their minds by a variety of books L but women, who do not go through the same course of infruction, are very apt to forget what little they read or K 4 hear hear on the subject : - I advise you therefore never to lose an opportunity of inquiring the meaning of anything you meet with in poetry, or in painting, alluding to the history of any of the heathen deities, and of obtaining from some friend an explanation of its connexion with true history, or of its allegorical reference to morality or to physics. Natural philosophy , in the largest sense of the expression, is too wide a field for you to undertake but the tfudy of nature , as far as may suit your powers and opportunities, you will find a most sublime entertainment tainment; the objects of this study are all the stupendous works of the Almighty Hand that lie within the reach of our obfervation. in the works of man perfetion is aimed at, but it can only be found in those of the Creator. The contemplation of perfection must produce delight and every natural objec around you would offer this delight, if it could attra& your attention: if you survey the earth, every leaf that trembles in the breeze every blade of grass beneath your feet is a wonder as absolutely beyond the reach of human art to imitate as the construction of the universe . Endless pleasures, to those those who have a taste for them, might be derived from the endless variety to be found in the coinpofi tion of this globe and its inhabitants. The fofill the vegetable and the animal world gradually riling in the scale of excellence the innumerable species of each, which preserve their Ipecific differences from age to age, yet of which no two individuals are ever perfectly alike afford such a range for observation and inquiry as .might engross the whole term of our short life if followed minutely. be fides all the animal creation obvious to our unassisted fenres, the eye, aided by philosophical inventions, sees sees myriads of creatures, which by the ignorant are not known to have existence : it sees all nature teem with life every fluid each part of every vegetable and animal fwarm with its peculiar inhabitants invifi ble to the naked eye, but as perfel in ali their parts, and enjoying life as indisputably as the elephant or the whale. But, if from the earth, and from these minute wonders , the philosophic eye is raised towards the Heavens, what a stupendous scene there opens to it's view those brilliant lights that sparkle to the eye of ignorance as gems adorning the sky, or or as lamps to guide the traveller; assume an importance that amazes the understanding! they appear to be worlds , formed like ours for a variety of inhabitants or suns, enlightening numberless other worlds too distant for our discovery I shall ever remember the aftonifl ment and rapture with which my mind received this idea , when I was about your age it was then per fe&ly new to me, and it is impossible to describe the sensations, which I felt from the glorious, boundless profpet of infinite beneficence bursting at once upon my imagination Who can contemplate such. a scene unmoved if your 5 curiosity curiosity is excited to enter upon this noble inquiry, a few books on the subjec, and those of the easiest sort, with some of the common experiments, may be sufficient for your purpofe which is to enlarge your mind, and to excite in it the most ardent gratitude and profound adoration towards that great and good Being, who exerts his boundless power in communicating various portions of happiness through all the immense regions of creation. Moral philofophy