yet of which no two individuals are ever perfectly alike afford such a range for observation and inquiry a; might engrols the whole term of our short life if followed minutely. Besides all the animal creation obvious to our unassisted senses, the eye, aided by philosophical inventions, sees kes myriads of creatures, which by the ignorant are not known to have existence: it lees all nature teem with life; every fluid each part of every vegetable and animal fwarm with its peculiar inhabitants invi fible to the naked eye, but as perfc2 in all their parts, and enjoying life as indisputably, as the elephant or the whale. But, if from the earth, and fi-om these minute wonders , the philosophic eye is raised towards the leavens, what a stupendous scene there opens to it's view !those brilliant lights that sp: arkle to the eye of ignorance as gems adorning the sky, or or as lamps to guide the traveller by night, assume an importance that amazes the under; ianding1 they appear to be worlds , formed like ours for a variety of inhabitants or suns, enlightening numberless other worlds too distant for our discovery I shall ever remember the astonishment and rapture with which my mind received this idea , when I was about your age; it was then perfectly new to me, and it is impossible to describe the sensations I felt from the glorious, boundless profpe&t of infinite beneficence bursting at once upon my imagination Who can contemplate such a scene unmoved if your 6 curiosity curiosity is excited to enter upon this noble inquiry, a few books on the subje&t, and those of the eafiel ibrt, with some of the common experiments, may be sufficient for your purpofe which is to enlarge your mind, and to excite in it the most ardent gratitude and profound adoration towards that great and good Being,. who exerts his boundless power in communicating various portions of happiness through all the immense regions of creation. Moral philosophy , as it relates kl _ -. : -.- I.. ll. 1 lll ( lati L as, L u 1 11 lllallc importance than the study of nature . The works of the ancients on this subjea are universally said to to be entertaining as well as inifruc tive, by those who can read them in their original languages; and such of them as are well translated will undoubtedly, some years hence, afford you great pleasure and improvement. You will also find many agreeable and useful books , written originally in French, and in English, on morals and manners: for the present, there are works , which, without assuming the solemn air of philosophy , will enlighten your mind on these subjects , and introduce inftruetion in an ea filr turcs : of this sort are many of the moral essays, that have appeared in periodical papers which, which, when excellent in their *kind as are the Spreators, Guardians, Ramblers, and /idve2turers are particularly useful to young people, as they comprehend a great variety of fulbjects introduce many ideas and observations that are new to them and lead to a habit of re fleeting on the characters and events that come before them in real life, which I confider as the best exercise of the understanding. Books on taste and criticism will hereafter be more proper for you chan at present: whatever canl ii prove your . discernment , and render your tate elegant.and just, must be be of great consequence to your enjoyments as well as to the cm bcllifhment of your understanding. I would by no means exclude the kind of reading , which young people are naturally most fond cf; though I think the greatest care should be taken in the choice of those fiitiious flories, that so enchant the mind moft of which tend to inflame the passions of youth, whilst the chief purpose of education should be to moderate and restrain them. Add to this, that both the writing and 1: eninlclii of most novels and romances are flch as are only proper to vitiate your your style, and to mislead your heart and understanding. The ex peetation of extraordinary adventures - which seldom ever happen to the sober and prudent part of mankind - and the admiration of extravagant passions and absurd con du, are foe of the usual fruits of this kind of reading ; which, when a young woman makes it her chkf amusement, generally renders her ridiculous in conversation, and nii ferably wrong headed in her pursuits and behaviour. There are however works of this class. ill which excellent mora!irv is joined with the most lively pi tures of the VOL. II L huniani human mind, and with all that can entertain the imagination and inte relf the heart. But, I muss repeat. edly exhort you, never to read anything of the sentimental kind, without taking the judgement of your bes fi ends in the choice; for, I am persuaded, that the indiscriminate reading of such kind of books corrupts more female hearts than any other cause whatsoever. Before I close this correspondence, I shall point out the course of history I wish you to pursue, and give you my thoughts of geography and chronology, some know knowledge of both being, in my opinion , necessary to the reading of history with any advantage. 1 am, my dearest niece, your ever aff.ciunate. LETTER IX MY' DEAR 'IECE, I HAVE told you that you will not be able to read history, with much nle fiiire or dvantage, twh out some little knowledge of Geography and Chronology. They are both very easily attained - I mean L 2 L in the degree that will be ncceit.:; for you. You must be t ni'bl that you can know but little of;; country, whose situation with rc fpie_ to the reit of the world vt,. are entirely ignorant of and ti: a:, it is to little purpose that you are able to nntion a fact , if you ca; - not nearly alcertaii tlhe time