our sins and to teach us wvay to eternal life surely it comes us to receive his precepts VI the defepe reverence to love prize them above all things; to study them constantly, V an earnest desire to conform C thotlg: I thoights, our words , and astions to them. As you advance in years and understanding, I hope you will be able to examine for yourself the evidences of the Christian religion, and be convinced,. on rational grounds, of its divine authority . At present, fuel inquiries would demand more study , and greater powers of reasoning , than your age admits of. It is your part therefore, till you are oable of understanding the proofs,. ttoelieve yourparents and teachers, t7 the holy scriptures are writings i red by God, containing a true history of facts , in which we are dteply concerned a true recital of. C 4; the.: the laws given by God to 1' and of the precepts of our bl Lord and Saviour, dclivcred, i his own mouth to his difeiplcs, repeated and enlarged ulcn in: edifying epiftls of his Apcftkl. who were men chosen fi-om ano: those, who had the advantargci conversing with our Lord, to t witness of his miracles and re: retion - and who, after his al' sion, were assisted and inspired: the Holy Ghost. This sacred i lume must be the rule of your 11 In it you will find all truths , 1 ceffary to be believed; and pj and easy direcions, for the pray: of every duty. Your Bible th ill'. uf be your chief study and de Yht but, as it contains many va us kinds of writing - some parts ifcure and difficult of interpreta an, others plain and intelligible to e meanest capacity iwould chief recommend to your frequent pe ifal such parts of the sacred writ gs s are most adapted to your idcr$anding, and most necessary, ryour inftrution. Our Saviour's "ecipts were spoken to the com ion peopls amongst the Jews; and crtherefore given in a manner *fy.i'o be understood, and equally ri'lig and instructive to the learn 1 jt unlearned: for the most ig rat may comprehend them, whilst whilst the wifift mufi be charmine and awed, by the beautiful and majestic simplicity with which they; : ri expressid. Of the same kind arc the Ten Commandments, delivcr c by God to Moses; which, as they were designed for universal laws , are worded in the most concise and simple manner, yet with a majesty, which commands our. utmost reverence. I think you will receive great pleasure, as well as improvement, from the, hilorica! books of the Old teftament provided you read them as an history, in a regular course, and keep the thread of it in your your mind, as you go on. I know of none, true or fititious, that is equally wonderful , interesting, and affeaing; or that is told in so short and simple a manner as this, which is, of all histories, the most authentic. In my, next letter, I will give you some brief direcions, concerning the method and course I wish you to pursue, in reading the holy scrip turts. May you be enabled to make the best use of this most precious gis of od -- this ... cre treasury of knowledge May you read . the Bible, not as a talk, nor as the dull employment. of that day only, in in which you are forbidden more lvely entertainments - but, with a sincere and ardent desire of instruction; with that love and delight in God's word , which the holy Psalmist so pathetically felt, and described, and which is the natural consequence of loving God and virtue! - Though I speak. this of the Bible in general ,. I would not be understood to mean, that every part of the volume is equally interesting. I have already said, that it consists of various matter, and various kinds of books ,. which must be read with different views and Sentiments. The having, some general notion of what you are to expect from each book may may possibly help you to understand them, and heighten your relish of them. I shall treat you as if you were perfectly new to the whole; for so I wish you to confider ycur seif; because the time and manner, in which children usually read the Bible, are very ill calculated to make them really acquainted with it; and too many people who have read it thus, without understanding it in their youth, satisfy themselves that they know enough of it, and never afterwards study it with attention, when they come to a maturer age. Adieu, Adieu, my beloved Niece! If the feelings of your heart, whilst you read my letters, correspond with those of mine, whilst I write them, I shall not be without the advantage of your partial affection, to give weight to my advice; for believe me, my own dear girl, my heart and eyes overflow with tenderness; while I tell you, with how warm and earnest prayers for your happiness here, and hereafter, I subscribe myself, your faithful friend and most affecionate Aunt. L E T T E II NOW proceed to give my dear niece some short sketches of the matter contained in the different books of the Bible, and of the ccourfe in which they ought to be read . The first book , GENESIS, con: : the most grand, and, to us, the most interesting events, that ever, happened in the universe : - The creation of the world , and of man: The deplorable fall of man, from his first state of excellence and bliss, to to the distressed condition in which we see all his descendants continue: The sentence of death pronounced on Adam, and on all his race with the reviving promise of that deliverance, which has since been wrought for us by our blessed Saviour: - The account of the early state of the world of the universal deluge: The division of mankind