matronly gravity and conjugal love; together with mercury invention and elo querce and Jupiter -- or political wisdom. On'the fide of Asia was Mars, who represents brutal valour and blind fury. On that of Greece was pallas that is military discipline, and bravery, guarded by judgement. This, and many other instances that might be produced,. will show you how much of the beauty beauty of the poet's art rriut be lost to you, without some notion of these allegorical personages. Boys, in their fchool lcarning, have this kind of knowledge impressed on their minds by a variety of books ; but women, who do not go through the same course of instruction, are very apt to forget what little they read or hear on the fubje : -- I advise you therefore never to lose an opportunity of inquiring into the meaning of anything you meet with in poetry, or in painting, alluding to the history of any of the heathen deities, and of obtaining from some friend an explanation of its conneetion with true history, or of its allegorical reference to morality or to physics. Natural philosophy , in the largest sense of the expression, is too wide a field for you to undertake; but, the study of nature , as far as may suit your powers and opportunities, you will find a most sublime entertainment: the objects of this study are all the Rupendous works of the Almighty Hand that lie within the reach of our observation. In the works of man perfectin is aimed at, but, it can N 4 only only be found in those of the Creator. The contemplation of perfecion must produce delight, and every natural object around you would offer this delight, if it could attraa your attention: if you survey the earth, every leaf that trembles in the breeze, every blade of grass beneath your feet is a wonder as absolutely beyond the reach of human art to imitate as the construction of the universe . Endless pleasures to those who have a taste for them, might be derived from the endless variety to be found in the composition of this globe and its inhabitants. The fossil- -- vegetable and the animal world gradually rising in the scale of excellence the innumerable species of each, still preserving their specific differences from age to age, yet of which no two individuals are ever perfectly alike afford such a range for observation and inquiry as might engross the whole term of our short life if followed minutely. Besides all the animal creation obvious to our unaffilted senses, the eye, aided by philosophical inventions, sees myriads of creatures, which by the ignorant arc are not known to have existence: it sees all nature teem with life; every fluid each part of every vegetable and animal fwarm with its peculiar inhabitants invifible to the naked eye, but as perfect in all their parts, and enjoying life as indisputably, as the elephant or the whale. But, if from the earth, and from these minute wonders , the philosophic eye is raised towards the Heavens, what a fiupendous scene there opens to it's view those brilliant lights that sparkle to the eye of ignorance as gems adorning the sky, or as lamps to guide the traveller by night, assume an importance that amazes the underfianding they appear to be worlds , formed like ours for a variety of inhabitants - orfuns, enlightening numberless other worlds too distant for our discovery! I shall ever remember the astonishment and rapture with which my mind received this idea , when I was about your age; it was then perfealy new to me, and it is impossible to describe the sensations I felt from the glorious, boundless profpce of infinite rrite beneficence bursting at once upon my imagination! Who can contemplate such a scene unmoved? - if your curiosity is ex. cited to enter upon this noble inquiry, a few books on the subject , and those of the easiest sort, with some of the common experiments, may be sufficient for your purpofe which is to enlarge your mind, and to excite in it the most ardent gratitude and profound adoration towards that great and good Being, who exerts his boundless power in communicating various portions of happiness through all the immense regions of creation. Moral philosophy , as it relates to human actions, is of still higher importance than the study of nature . The works of the ancients on this subject are universally said to be entertaining as well as infirulive, by those who can read them in their original languages; and such of them as are well translated will undoubtedly, some years hence, afford you great pleasure and improvement. You will also find many agreeable and useful books , written originally in French, and in English, on on morals and manners: for the present, there are works , which, without assuming the solemn air of philosophy , will enlighten your mind on these fubjets, and introduce infrrution in an easier dress: of this sort are many of the moral essays, that have appeared in periodical papers which, when excellent in their kind as are the Spealators, Guardians, Ram blrrsi and Adventurers - are particularly useful to young people, as they comprehend a great variety of fubjees introduce many ideas and observations that are new to them and lead to a habit of reflecting on the characters and events that come before them in real life, which I confider as the belt exercise of the understanding. Books on taste and criticism will hereafter be more proper for you than at present: whatever can improve your discernment , and render your tafie elegant and just, mtfft be of great consequence to your enjoyments as well as to the embellifhmcnt of your un derfarnding. I would by no means exclude the kind of 3 reading , reading , which young people are naturally moult fond of; though I think the greatest care Should be taken in the choice of thofefifili ausflorics, that so enchant the mind moft of