piety is what I with you to meet with. The principal study , I would recommend, is hiory. I know of nothing equally proper to entertain and improve at the same time, or that is To likely to form and strengthen your judgement, and, by giving you a liberal and comprehensive view of human nature , in some measure to supply the defet of that experience, which is usually attained too late to be of much service to us. Let me add, that more materials for conversation are supplied by this kind of knowledge , than by almost any other; but I have more to say to you on this subject in a future letter. The faculty, in which women usually most excel, is that of imagination; and, when properly cultivated, it becomes the source of N all all that is most charming in society. Nothing you can read will so much contribute to the improvement of. this faculty as poetry; which, if applied to its true ends, adds a thousand charms to thofo sentiments of religion, virtue, generosity, and delicate tender. ness, by which the human soul is exalted and refined . I hope, you are not deficient in natural taste for this enchanting art, but that you will find it one of your greatest pleafurec to be conversant with the best poets, whom our language can bring you acquainted with, particularly, those immortal ornaments of our nation, Sbakefpear and Milton. The first is not only incomparably the noblest genius il dramatic poetry, but the greatest malter of nature , and the most pcrfe; ciharatcrifer of men and mahners: in this last point of view , I think him inestimable;. and 1 am persuaded that, in the course of your life, you will seldom find occasion to correa those observations on human nature , and. thore principles of morality, which you may extraa from his capital pieces. You will at fires find his lan gllsó guage difficult; but, if you. take the affifance of a friend, who understands it well, you will by degrees enter into his manner of phraseology, and perceive a thousand beauties, which at first lay buried in obsolete words and uncouth confiruaions. The admirable ejiay on Sbakefpear, which has lately appeared, so much to the honour of our sex, will open your mind to the peculiar excellencies. of this author , and enlighten your judgement on dramatic poetry in general , with such force of reason and brilliancy of wit as cannot fail to delight as well as inftrua you. Our great English poet, Milton, is as far above my praise as his Paradif. Lost is above anything which I am able to read , except the sacred writers . The sublimity of his fubjcc sometimes leads him into abstruseness.; but many parts of his great poem are easy to all comprehensions , and must find their way directly to every heart by the tenderness and delicacy of his sentiments, in which he is not less flrikingly excellent than in the rich nefs and sublimity of his imagination. Adn 2 difon's difon's criticism in the spe&tators, written with that beauty, elegance, and judgement, which difiinguilh all his writings, will assist you to understand and to relish this poem. It is needless to recommend to you the translations of Homer and Virgil, which everybody reads that reads at all. You must have heard that Homer is esteemed the father of poetry, the original from whence all the moderns - not excepting Milton himself - borrow some of their greatef beauties, and from whom they extrac those rules for composition, which are found mor agreeable to nature and true taste. Virgil, you know, is the next in rank amongst the classics: You will read his Eneid with extreme pleasure, if ever you are able to read Italian, in Annibal Caro's translation; the idiom of the Latin and Italian languages being more alike, it is, I believe, much cloter, yet preserves more of the spirit of the original than the English translations. For the rest, same will point out to you the most considerable of our poets; and I would would not exclude any of name, among those whose morality is unexceptionable: but of poets, as of all other authors , I wish you to read only such as are properly recommended to you - since there are many who debase their divine art, by abusing it to the purposes of vice and impiety. If you could read poetry with a judicious friend, who would lead your judgement to a true discernment of its beauties and defets, it would inexpressibly heighten both your pleasure and improvement. But, before you enter upon this, rome acquaintance with the Heathen Mythology is necessary. I think that you must before now have met with some book under the title of The Pantheon: And, if once you know as much of the gods and goddesses as the most common books on the subjet will tell you, the rest may be learned by reading Homer: but then you must particularly attend to him in this view . I do not expec you to penetrate those numerous myfteries thofe amazing depths of morality, religion, and metaphyfics which rome pretend to have discovered in his mythology, but, to know the names and principal oficec N 3 f of the go ds and goddefies, with some idea of their moral meaning, seems requisite to the underfianding almost any poetical composition. As an instance of the moral meaning I speak of, I will mention an observation of Bossuet, That Homer's poetry was particularly recommended to the Greeks by the superiority which he ascribes to them over the Asiatics; this superiority is shown in the Iliad, not only in the conqteft of Asia by the Greeks, and in the actual destruction of its capital, but in the division and arrangement of the gods, who took part with the contending nations. On the fide of Asia was Venus that is, sensual pairon pleafure and effeminacy. On the fide of Greece was Juno that is,