and general welfare. Heros may kill tyrants; but it is wisdom and laws that prevent tyranny and oppression. The operations of policy far lurpafs the labours of Hercules, preventing many evils which valour and might cannot even re drces. You heros confider nothing but glory, and hardly regard whether the con quclas which raise your fame are really beneficial to your country. Unhappy are the people who are governed by valour not directed by prudence, and not mitigated by the gentle arts! HERCULES. I do not expeto find an admirer of my tfrenuous life in the man who taught his countrymen iojitj/ill and read , and to lose the hours of youth and action in idle speculation and the sport of words . CADMUS. An ambition to have a place in the regilters of Same is the Eurystheus whiclh imposes heroic labours on mankind . The Muses incite to action as well as entertain the hours of repose; and I think you should honour them for presenting to heros ficha noble recreation as may prevent their taking up the diftaofwhen they laid down the club. HERCULES. Wits as well as heros can take up the distaff What think you of their thin spun systems of philosophy , or lascivious poems, or Milesian fables? Nay, what is fill worse, are there not panegyrics on tyrants, and books that blaspheme the gods, and perplex the natural sense of right and m3 wrong? I believe if Eurystheus was to set me to work again, he would find me a worse taf; than any he imposed; he would make me read thrcrtgh a great library; and I would serve it as I did the Hydra, I .would burn as I 'went on, that one chimaera might not rile from another to plague mankind . I should have valued myself more on clearing the library than on cleansing the Augean stables. CAD MUS. It is in those libraries only that the memory of your labours exists. The heros of Marathon, the patriots of Thermopyle, owe their immortality to me. All the w isle institutions of lawgivers, and all the doctrines of sages, had perished in the ear, like a dream related, if letters had not pre 'erved them. Oh, Herucles! it is not for the man who preferred virtue to pleasure to be an enemy to the Muses. Let Sardanapalus, and the silken sons of Luxury, who have wafted life in inglorious ease, despise the records of ation, which bear no honourable testimony to their lives. But true merit, heroic virtue, each genuine offspring of immortal Jove, should honour the sacred source of lasting fame . HERCULES. Indeed, if writers employed themselves only in recording the adse of great nmen, much might be hsid in their favour. But why do they trouble people with their meditations? Can it signify to the world what an idle man has been thinking? CADMUS. Yes it may. The mot important and extensive advantages mankind enjoy are greatly owing to men 'who have never quitted their closets. To them mankind is obliged for the facility and security of navigation. The invention of the compass has opened to them new worlds . The knowledge of the mechanical powers has enabled them to construct such wonderful machines as perform what the united la boar of millions by the severest drudgery could not accomplish. Agriculture too, the moult useful of arts, has received its share of improvement from the same source. Poetry likewise is of excellent use to enable the memory to retain with more ease, and to imprint with more energy upon the heart, precepts of virtue and virtuous actions. Since we left the world , from the little root of a few letters Science has spread its branches over all Nature , and raited its head to the heavens. Some philosophers have entered so far into the councils of Divine, wisdom as to explain much of the great operations of Nature . The dimensions, distances, and causes of the revolutions, of the planets, the path of comets, and the nature of eclipses, are understood and explained. Can anything raise the glory of the human species more than to see a little creature, inhabiting a small spot, amidt innumerable worlds , taking a survey of the universe , comprehending its arrangement, and entering into the scheme of that wonderful connexion and correspondence of things so remote, and which it seems the utmost exertion of Omnipotence to have eftablified? What a volume of wisdom, what a noble theology, do there discoveries open to us! While some superior gc niufes have soared to these sublime fibjects, aether sagacious and diligent minds have been inquiring into the moult minute works of the infinite Artificer; the same care, the same providence, is exerted through the whole; and we should learn from it, that to true wisdom, utility and fitness appear perfection, and whatever is beneficial is noble. HERCULES. I approve of science as far as it is assistant to acion. I like tile improvement of navigation, and the discovery of the greater part of the globe, because it opens a wider field fc: the mailer Ipirits of the world to bultle in. CADMUS. There spoke the soul of Hercules. But if learned men are to be esteemed for the afiftance they give to active minds in their schemes; they are not le's to be valued for their endeavours to give them a right direction, and moderate their too grear ardour. The tludy of history will teach the warrior and the legiflalor by what means armies have been victorious, and Itaces have become powerful; and in the private citizen they will inculcate the love of liberty and order . The writings ot sages point out a private pith of virtue, and show that the belt empire is lelt government, and lubdu ing our pailions the noblest ofconquelts. HERCULES. The true spirit of heroism acts by a sort of inspiration, and wants neither the experience of history, nor the docrines of philosophers, to direa it. But do not arts and sciences