contains on revelation in general ; but the former part of it, as it expresses little more than the writer's thift for information, and deep sense of her own ignorance, is omitted to keep the wqrk within proper limits. The letter was addressed to a gentleman who does not reside in enzland, with whom the writer had but a Short acquaintance; his sudden departure prevented its being delivered, and she never took the liberty to send it after him; so that her curiosity expressed in it is still unlatisfied. D 2 TI( () THE variety of opinions Ihow the prevalence of error. The young and unexperienced are exposed in the speculative as well as social life. Our books , as well as our company, ill chosen may injure and corrupt us. BUT among the number of mankind , whole faculties are hampered by prejudice and prepof session, or perverted to the purposes of deception by the predominance of a base pafrion, there certainly are some who maintain both the freedom and purity of the mind, and who indulge to a supreme love of truth for its own sake, as an object proper to engage the attention of an intelligent nature . A PERSONAL acquaintance with such, is in my opinion the highest felicity that the present state is able to furnish; and an acquaintance with their writings the next. As you were so kind, in our short and general conversation, to recommend me some books , which 1 shall not forget, if it ever be in my power to procure them, I am encouraged to mention a particular point, of which I desire to think more clearly, in confidence of your ability and readiness to direct me to such books as may belt as ford me satisfaction. THE very report of a message from Heaven demands attention; it must be something of high importance to mankind ; something worthy of that óeing who can do nothing in vain. Though by the principles of education, I am taught to re. guard the realbty of a revelation as an undoubted truth , ( 21) truth , and though I am not led to the inquiry by any secret disaffection to it; but quite the reverse; yet as a reasonable being I muss give it a reasonable alrent, or none at all; either it is a point capable of proof, or not. If it is to be proved, the evidence must appear to the enquirer. If it is not to be proved, then I apprehend it is no way a subje&t of inquiry. I have never read anything to assist my judgement in this point, and should be glad to see the sentiments of some honest and free mind on the nature of the evidence required to prove a divine revelation. AND here, sir, give me leave to observe, that I hope you will see no impropriety in my addressing you on this head, tince whatever differences may subsist between us in other matters; this is a question intererting to us both, and equally asse&t ing both the parties from which we denominate ourselves, Which parties, if you please, we will forget at present as foreign to our purpose, and confider ourselves as subjects of religion, which subsists independent of modes, forms, and opinions , and through the various revolutions of the world , is, and must be immutably the same. I take it for granted, that you have books written among, your people to eftablilh their faith in the divine authority of the scriptures. And where can a rational foundation be expected, if not in a revelation that has stood the test of near four thousand years, and the divinity of which is acknowledged by differing parties of men? Should you think me worthy of any favour of this sort, I have a friend here, through whom I believe I can procure any book you might mention; for I do not imagine tholi writings are published to the world , but ( a2) BUT perhaps you will tell me this is an inquiry in which I have no concern; that the law of Moses was given to the yews alone, and the prophecies are relative to them; that I may content myself with observing the moral precepts which owe not their existence to any revelation, but to the more universal law of reason and nature , which is legible to every conscious being. WELL, I know that the eternal laws of truth , to which mankind are bound by the strongest possible obligations can receive no additional force by ten thousand testimonies. but the human mind in its present connexions with matter, may lie open to sensible impressions, when abstract reasoning and moral obligation will not reach it. In consideration of which weakness of ours, may not the Almighty have thought fit to make a declaration even of what is in itself obvious to the intellectual faculty? AND as those moral precepts are binding upon the whole human race, it is certainly the duty and interest of every one, whose ears any enforcement of them by the immediate hand of Heaven has reached, to attend to, and study it with that re fpest which such authority demands. So that I may claim with you the benefit of your scriptures, and fhoujd be interested in a revelation were there no such thing as christianity in the world ; for though, upon such a supposition, the Jewish nation is more immediately the subjec& of prophecy, yet as the most valuable of the pro mired ( 23) missed blefllngs, in your own sense of them * are to be participated by the nations of the world , no one can be supposed to be indifferent to such a happy change in the face of things, nor help being solicitous to see his expectations reasonably founded. To which may be added the grand satisfaction to be drawn from the scriptures in the intereiting inquiry of a future slate, and other things of universal concernment. IN this view will you allow me