EVEN affetation is natural , if I may so express myself, to some men, and therefore pleasing. E 2 CVI [ 38 ] CVI A person asserts a thing is good or bad, true or falie, saying he knows it to be fio; but how proper would it generally be for him firt to prove himself a competent judge! CVII WE Sometimes think we have discovered a new truth that lay very deep, when perhaps we have only a lively sense of something which others feel in a less degree. CVTII. SCHOLARSHIP, or, if you will, learning , is perpetually rung in my ears as thefumirnum bonum, the one thing necessary to man: to say of a person that he is a good scholar, seems to imply every kind of superiority; to say he is no scholar, just the contrary. But I confess, that after much reflection and much inquiry, 1 am yet at a Iofs to comprehend this mighty advantage of scholar slip; some advantages, to be sure it has, but perhaps its disadvantages are not less : it sometimes prevents the excursions of a vigorous understanding, by keeping it in a beaten track; it perpetuates error, by imposing received opinions upon those who, if they had begun the inquiry, would have discovered truth ; it divides the attention, and Sometimes fixes it to fubjeas which are not suited to that particular genius and turn of mind which nature would have exerted upon some [ 39 1 some other, the objet of her own choice, with infinite advantage: by loading the memory it restrains imagination, and by multiplying precepts it anticipates the judgement. Give me the man whose knowledge is derived from the copious source of his own reason , whole mind is filled with ideas that sprung not from books but thought; whose principles are consistent because deduced in a regular series from each other, and not scraps of different systems gleaned from the works of others, and huddled together with out examining their incongruity. Where is the Icholar whose opinion is entirely his own? and where is the GENIUS whom we wish to have known the opinions of others? Are we sure that SHAKESPEARE would have been the wonder he was, had he been a deep scholar ?- * The author does nor intend by this article to deny, that by consulting books a man may gain an acquaintance with the sciences in general , which he could never gain without them; but he believes, with Mr. POPE, that "the proper ' science of mankind is man," and that the knowledge of man is not best acquired by what is generally called learning . And though he firmly believes, that SHAKESPEARE's excellence was owing to his study of the living world , from which books would necefihaily have diverted his attention; yet he is also willing to allow, that the discoveries of new TONNE depended upon his acquaintance with books , at lear upon his knowledge of principles which others hid discovered ; for without the principles of arithmetic and geometry, which it is not probable he would have discovered merely by the force of his own thought, he could not have produced a new fyllem of philosophy . E 3 CIX [ 40 ] CIX I lately went into a great and curious library; and, however uncommon, there were my reflections: Behold, said I to myself, at once the glory and the disgrace of human nature ! What monuments of ingenuity and knowledge ! of ingenuity employed to render error fpeciouis, and of knowledge which has little more than these specious errors for its objects. I how many of those that have written on the same subje&t and agree, agree only because they have implicitly adopted the same opinions , which they have employed their minds not to examine but to defend! how many of those that differ, differ only because they have adopted contrary opinions , which they also defend, without examination! Is not far the greater part of the learned labour that surrounds me, the work of perverted reason , of prejudiced zeal, of mercenary fclf inte rell? Does not the strength of the writer's understanding often prove the depravity of his heart? And would not the honest mind that could read and remember all the volumes that I see, be rather bewildered than inftruted, and rather doubt of all things than believe any? CX 0 clever! and in a man of fashion too! GYCES will quote you from Virgil and Horace, in Latin, till you flare again! -- Its true, that he is awkwardly dressed; that he lives ill; and, above C 41 3 above all, that he generally takes the false fide of the question: but he will quote, ye gods! how he will quote! CXI MELISSA has not much common, but a great deal of uncommon, or, if you will, outof thewayfenfe. She underitands latin, has written much verse, has read a good deal of history, and a great deal of metaphysics; ihe is a zealous enemy of superstition and priestcraft, and holds Moses and all such people extremely cheap. MELISSA will fporfa sub jec with you willingly; and if you talk more upon it than she, I had almost said better, I am not a little mistaken: her words flow with lluch easy volubility, that certainly, if you have any taste, MELISSA will attract your attention, possibly your admiration; but then you must nor turn the stream, you mull not put her mind out of its course, for the road once lost she will wander farther and farther from it in endless perplexity; the goes on where she sees the track, but never yet asked herself whither it would lead her: the talks not from sentiment but from memory, and a kind of instinct;; that though what she says is rational, yet she has not herself deduced it from reason . The regular dependance of one principle upon another is what she least regards, and fle is therefore so inconsistent that often has MELILSA disputed powerfully,