not sloop to the reach of ordinary capacities. But " Wisdom (by which... the royal preacher means piety) is a loving " spirit: file is easily seen of them that love her, " and sound of all such as seek her." Nay, Ihe is so accessible and condescending, " that (he pre'" '" them that desire her, making herself ' first known unto them." wve are told by the same animated writer , " that Wisdom is the breath of the power of " God." How infinitely superior, in grandeur and sublimity , is this description to the origin of the wifdomn of the heathens, as described by their poets and mythologifis! In the exalted strains of the Hebrew poetry we read , that. " wvifdom is " the brightness of the everlaiting light, tle un " spotted mirror of the power of God, and thi: image of his goodncrs." The philolophical author of 'ze Defnce r' Learning observes, that knowledge has fomethi; rh of veniom and malignity in it, when taken without its proper corrective, and what that is, the illlfired Saint Paul teaches us, by placing it a, the immediate antidote: Kircw'lede pufeteb us, bul ica it cdjlfeth. I'erhaps, it is the vanity of hu!;!; wisdom, uncla.l!lifedl bys this correacing pria CI C ilic!i has made so many infidels. It may proceed t oln the arrogance of a felf fufficient 1 ide, that oime philofopliers disdain to acknow cdgec they belief. in a being, who has judged proper per to conceal from them the infinite wifdon of his counsels; who, (to borrow the lofty language of the man of 1uz) refused to consult them when he laid the foundations of the earth, when he shut up the fez with doors, and made the clouds the garment thereof. A man must be an infidel either from prlde, prejudice, or bad education: he cannot be one unawares or by surprise; for infidelity is not occasioned by sudden impulse or violent temptation. He may be hurried by tome vehement desire into an immoral action, at which he will blush in his cooler moments, and which he will lament as the effec of a spirit unsubdued by religion; but infidelity is a calm, considerate ad, which cannot plead the weakness of the heart, or the fe dudion of the senses. Even good men fiequent ly fail in their duty through the infirmities of nature , and the allurements of the world ; but the infidel errs on a plan, a fettled and deliberate principle . But though the minds of men are sometimes fatally infeced with this disease, either through unhappy prepossession, or some of the other causes abovementioned; yet I am unwilling to believe, that there is in nature so monfiroufly incongruous a being, as a female infidel. The least reflection on the temper, the character, and the education of women, makes the mind revolt with horror from an idea so improbable, and so unnatural. May I be allowed to observe, that, in general , the minds of girls seem more aptly.prepared in their early youth for the reception of serious impressions pressions than thore of the other sex, and that their less exposed situations in more advanced life qualify them better for the preservation of them? The daughters (of good parents I mean) arc often more carefully instructed in their religious duties, than the sons, and this from a variety of causes. They are not so soon lent from under the paternal eye into the bufile of the world , and so early exposed to the conttagion ltf bad example: their hearts are naturally more flexible, soft, and liab!e to any kind of impression the foi ming hand may stamp on them; and, lasts, as they do not receive the same classical ediu cation with boys, their feeble minds are not obliged at once to receive and separate the precepts of christianity, and the documents of pagan philosophy . 'I'he ncccflity of doing this perlhaps somewhat weakens the serious impressions of ycung men, at least till the understanding is formed, and confiufes their ideas of piety, by mixing them with so much heterogeneous matter. They only cafilally read , or hear read , the scriptures of truth , while they are obliged to learn by heart, conflrue and repeal the poetical fablcs of the less than human gods of the ancients. And as the excellent author of The ]l.tcrn.l Eidzrce of ihe Christian re/igicn observes, " Nothing has so r: much contributed to corrupt the true spirit of " the christian institution, as that partiality which Ce contract , in our earliest education, for the ' manners of pagan antiquity." Girls, therefore, who do net contra tlhis early partiality, ought to have a ciearer notion of their religious duties: they, are not obliged, at an age wv hc e when the judgement is so weak, to ditinguilh between the doctrines of Zeno, of Epicurus, and of Chrill; and to embarrass their minds with the various morals which were taught in the Porch, in the a/tnadrmy, and on the mvotmnt. It is presumcd, that these remarks cannot pof fiblv be so misunderstood, as to be construed into the leaned difrefpeet to literature, or a want of the highest reverence for a learned education, the basis of all elegant knowledge : they are only intended, with all proper deference, to point out to young women, that however inferior their advantages of acquiring a knowledge of the belles le: tres are to those of the other sex; yet it depends on themselves not to be surpassed in this most important of all studies , for which their abilities are equal, and their opportunities, perhaps, greater. But the mere exemption fi-om infidelity is ro small a part of the religious character, that I hope no one will attempt to claim any merit from this negative sort of goodness, or value herself merely for not being the very wore thing The possibly can be. Let no mistaken girl fancy she gives a proof of her wit by her want of