accident flings in their way. Theli ficholars, in the pursuit of science, lose the dillintions of common-sense, and are as obftinate!y fixed in the prejudices of the authors with whomn they have converted, as if there prejudices were the produce of their own imaginations. Hence proceed thofit opposite opinions among the speculative part of mankind , in regard to popular and monarchical pivi privileges. All men can acquire the jargon of terms, but the depth of science is only to be attained by genius . The greater proportion of ignorance there may be in a difpurant, the more re. ludtant he is to give way to reasoning which contradicts the. borrowed opinions he has taken in the gross; he looks with a sovereign contempt oh his antagonist, not because he can confute his arguments, but because his arguments contradict the tenets which have been laid down by Hobbes, and other writers of that stamp. Unequal to the combat, he flirmifhes at a distance, wilfully converses in generals , and never enters into those particulars which may investigate the subject . Men like these, without the desire of attaining truth , wrangle but for victory; and if they have sense enough to see their mistakes, they never have candour enough to acknowledge them. THE general education of the Englifl youth is not adapted to cherish those generous sentiments of Independency, which is the only characteristic of a real gentleman. The business of the public schools is nothing more than to teach the rudiments of grammar, and a certain degree of per section in the Latin and Greek tongues. Whilst the languages of these once illuftrious nations are the objects of attention, the divine precepts which they taught and practised are totally neglected. From the circle of' these barren studies , the schoolboy is transplanted into the university . Here he is fulppofed to be initiated in every branch of knowledge . which diftinguilhes the man of education fi-om the ignorant herd; but here, as I am told, and have great reason to believe, are taught doctrines little calculated to form patriots to slip port and defend the privileges of the filbjedt in this limited monarchy. " In thetf seats of edu -- cation, (ays an ingenious author , instead of being formed to love their country and conffitution, the the laws and liberties of it, they are rather disposed to love arbitrary government, and to become slaves to absolute monarchy. A change of interest, provocation, or some other consideration, may set them right as to the public; but they have no inward principle of love to their country and of public Liberty; so that they are easily brought to like slavery, if they may be made the tools of managing it." The study of history is little cultivated in there seminaries; and not at all those fundamental principles of the English conffitution, on which our ancestors founded a system of government, in which the Liberty of the fibjeft is as absolutely instituted as the dignity of the sovereign. Yet the knowledge of these fundamental principles are as necessary to understand this system of government, as the knowledge of them was necessary to conftru&t it. THE form of the constitution may be preserved, when the spirit of it is lost; and nothing is more likely to happen, whilst those persons who are appointed to maintain it are ignorant of those fundamental principles , whereon the barriers which defend civil liberty from prerogative are founded. Prejudice with a love of slavery, or at least ignorant of the advantages of Liberty, the last part of the education of the men of fortune in this country is what is called the tour of Europe; that is, a residence for two or three years in the countries of France and Italy. This is the finifhling stroke, which renders thenm useless to all the good purposes of preserving tle birthright of an Englishman. Without being able to diftin guifll the different natures of different governments, their advantages, their dli: advantages; \.'ithout being able to comprehend how infinitely they affect the interest and happiness of individualls, they grow charmed with everything which is so reign, are caught with the gaudy tinsel of a fit pcrbl perb court, the frolic levity of unrefleting slaves; and thus, deceived by appearances, are riveted in a taite for servitude. THESE are the causes which occasion the irrational inclinations of many of the English people, in regard to government: and would to God that there, though very important in themselves, were the only ones which Liberty had to fear. In forming this government, a latent evil crept into the vitals of the slate, and hath in the course of time poisoned every part of the constitution. Corruption, that undermining mischief, hath tapped the foundation of a fabric, whose building was cemented with the blood of our best citizens. The growing evil hath spread far and wide, tainted the minds of men with such an incurable degeneracy, that the virtue of our forefathers is become the ridicule of every modern politician. IT is'become an established maxim , that corruption is a necessary engine of government. There are some among us who have not been a, Ihamed to say, that it is proper for the other parts of the legislature to depend on the monarch by corruption. How opposite this is to the genius and spirit of our constitution, is too apparent to need a proof. That the consequences of it are already severely felt in this country, our debts and heavy taxes fatally demonstrate: how deftrutive it is to every virtue which preserves society, or dignifies human nature , is alfb apparent. This is a but certain truth , that corruption is so general among us that it has dissolved the sacred bonds of mutual trufl. By the influence of bribery, every man in thefi days has a triple temptation to sin againfc his country: The emoluments of favour; the fear of being laughed at for his honesty; of being abandoned by his affbciates, and left lingkl