bear witness of his miracles and refurreetion and who, after his as cenfion, were assisted and inspired by the Holy Ghost. This sacred volume mupt be the rule of your life. In it you will find all truths necessary to be believed; and plain and easy di iretions, for the praseice of every duty: Your Bible then must be your chief study and delight: but, as it contains many various kinds of writing fome parts obscure and difficult of interpretation, others plain and intelligible to the meanest capacity i would chiefly recommend to your frequent perufai such parts of the sacred writings as are mopt adapted to your underifanding, and most necessary for your inftrucion. Our Saviour's precepts were spoken to the common people amongst the Jews; and were therefore given in a manner easy to be understood, and equally striking and inftrutive to the learned and unlearned: for the most ignorant may comprehend them, whilif the wifeef muss be charmed and awed, by the beautiful and majestic ism plicity with which they are expressed. Of the I same same kine are the Ten Commandments, delivered by God to Moles; which, as they were designed for universal laws , are worded in the most concise and simple manner, yet with a riajelly, which commands our utmost reverence. I think you will receive great pleasure, as well as improvement, from the historical books of the Old teftament provided you read them as an history, in a regular course, and keep the thread of it in your mind, as you go on. I know of none, true or fi&i tious, that is equally wonderful , interesting, and affecting; or that is told in so short and simple a manner as this, which is, of all hitlories, the most authentic. In my next letter, I will give you rome brief directions, concerning, the method and course I with you to pursue, in reading the holy scriptures. May you be enabled to make the bell use of this most precious gift of God this sacred treasury of knowledge ! May you read the Bible, not as a tafl, nor as the dull employment of that day only in which you are forbidden more lively entertainments but, but with a sincere and ardent desire of instruction; with that love and delight in God's word , which the holy psalmist so pathetically felt, and described, and which is the natural consequence of loving God and virtue !- Though I speak this of the Bible in general , I would not be understood to mean, that every part of the volume is equally interesting. I have already said, that it confiffs of various matter, and various kinds of books , which must be read with different views and sentiments. The having some general notion of what you are to expec from each book may possibly help you to understand them, and heighten your relish of them. I shall treat you as if you were perfectly new to the whole; for so I wish you to confider yourself; because the time and manner, in which children usually read the Bible, are very ill calculated to make them really acquainted with it; and too many people who have read it thus, without understanding it in their youth, satisfy them feives that they know enough of it, and never: afterwards fiudy it with attention, when they come to a maturer age. Adieu, Adieu, my beloved Niece! If the feelings of your heart, whilit you read my letters, correspond with those of mine, whilst I write themn, I shall not be without the advantage of your partial affection, to give weight to my advice; for believe me, my own dear girl, my heart and eyes overflow with tenderness, while I tell you, with how warm and earnest prayers for your happiness here, and hereafter, I subscribe myself your faithful friend and moil affeaionate Aunt. I, E T T E R II N OW proceed to give my dear niece rome short sketches of the matter contained in the different books of the Bible, and of the course in which they ought to be read . The first Book , GENESIS, contains the moult grand, and, to us, the most interesting events, that ever happened in the universe : The creation of the world , and of man : The dec plorable plorable fall of man, from his first irate of excellence and bliss, to the diftrefied condition in which we see all his descendants continue: The sentence of death pronounced on Adam, and on all his race with the reviving promise of that deliverance, which has since been wrought for us by our blessed Saviour : The account of the early state of the world : Of the universal deluge : The division of mankind into different nations and languages : The story of Abraham, the founder of the Jewish people, whose unshaken faith and obedience, under the severest trial human nature could sustain, obtained fuch fa your in the sight of God, that he vouchsafed to frile him his friend, and promised to make of his posterity a great nation; and that in his seed that is, in one of his descendants all the kingdoms of the earth should be blessed: this, you will easily see, refers to the Messiah, who was to be the blessing and deliverance of all nations. It is amazing that the Jews, pofiefflng this prophecy among. many others, should have been so blinded by prejudice, as to have expe¢ted, from this great perfonacge, personage, only a temporal deliverance of their own nation from the fubjecsion to which they were reduced under the Romans: it is equally amazing, that some Christians flould, even now, confine the blelfed effects of his appearance upon earth, to this or that particular see or profession, when he is so clearly and emphatically described as the Saviour of the whole world : The story of Abraham's proceeding to £acrifice his only son at the command of God, is affctding in