language can bring you acquainted with, particularly, those immortal ornaments of burr nation, Shakespeare and Milton. The first is not only incomparably the noblest genius in dramatic poetry, but the greatest master of nature , and the mofl perfect charaderifer of men and manners: in this last point of view , I think him inestimable; and I am persuaded that, in the course of your life, you will seldom find occasion to corre6t those observations on human nature , and those principles of morality, which you may extrac from his capital: pieces. You will at first find.his.lan ..... 'guage eguage difficult; but, if you take the.afliftance of a friend, who understands it well; you will by degrees enter into his manner of phraseology, and perceive a thousand beauties, which at first lay buried.in obsolete words and uncouth conftruaions, The admirable Ejfay on Shakespeare, which has lately appeared, so much to the honour of our sex, will open your mind to the peculiar excellencies of this . author , and enlighten your judgement on dramatic poetry in general , with such force of reason and brilliancy of wit as cannot fail to delight as well as initrut you. Our great English poet, Milton, is as far above my praise as his Paradise Lost is above anything which I am able to read , except the sacred writers . The sublimity of.his ub jeat sometimes leads him into abstruseness; but many parts of his great poem are easy to all comprehensions , and must find their way diretly to every heart by the tenderness and delicacy of his sentiments, in which he is not less itrikingly excellent than in the richness and sublimity of his imagination. Ad' '.- 2 difon's difon's criticifin in the Spectators, written with that beauty, elegance, and judgement, which distinguish all his writings, will assist you to understand and to relish this poem. It is needless to recommend to you the translations of Homer and Virgil, which everybody reads that reads at all. You must have heard that Homer is epieemed the father of poetry, the original from whence all the moderns not excepting Milton him felf borrow some of their greatest beauties, and from whom they extrac those rules for composition, which are found most agreeable to nature and true taste. Virgil, you know, is the next in rank amongst the clas sics: You will read his Eneid with extreme pleasure, if ever you are able to read Italian, in Annibal Caro's translation; the idiom of the Latin and Italian languages being more alike, it is, I believe, much closer, yet preserves more of the spirit of the original than the English translations. For the rest, same will point out to you the most considerable of our poets; and I would would not exclude any of name, among those whose morality is unexceptionable, : but of poets, as of all other authors , I wish you to read only such as are properly recommended to you fince there are many who debase their divine art, by abusing it to the purposes of vice and impiety. If you could read poetry with a judicious friend, who would lead your judgement to a true discernment of its beauties and defects, it would inexpressibly heighten both your pleasure and improvement. ' But, before you enter upon this, some acquaintance with the lheathen Mythology is necessary. I think that you must before now have met with some book under the title of The Pantheon: And, if once you know as much of the gods and goddesses as the most common books on the subjea will tell you, the rest may be learned by reading Homer: but then you must particularly attend to him in this view . I do not expect you to penetrate those numerous myfteries thofe amazing depths of morality, religion, and metaphyfics which some pretend to have discovered in his mythology, but to know the names and principal of n3 sices sices of'the Gods and Goddesses, with some idea of their moral'meaning, seems requisite to the uriderltanding almost any poetical composition. As an instance of the moralmeaning I speak of; I will mention an observation of Bossuet, That Homer's poetry was particularly recommended'to the Greeks by the superiority which he ascribes to them over the Asiatics; this superiority is shown in the Iliad, 'not only in the conquest of Asia by the Greeks, and in the aaual destruction of its capital, 'but in the division and arrangement of the gods, whotook part with the contend ing'nations. On the fide of Asia was yenus that is, ienfual paffion pleafure and esse ninacy. On the fide of Greece was Juno ithat is, matronly gravity and conjugal love; together with mercury invention and elo quenice and 7jupiter or political wisdom. On the fide ofafia was Mars, who represents brutal valour and blind fury. On that of Greece was pallas that is; military discipline, and bravery, guarded by judgement. This; and many other instances that might 'beproduced' will fiew'you how much of the .' '' .beauty beauty of the poet's art mufl be lost to you, without some notion of these allegorical personages. Boys, in their fchool learning , have this kind of knowledge impressed on their minds by a variety of books ; but women, who do not go through the same course of infiruc tion, are very apt to forget what little they read or hear on the subjea : I advise you therefore never to lose an opportunity of inquiring into, the meaning of anything you meet with in poetry, or in painting, alluding to the history of any of the heathen deities, and of obtaining from some friend an explanation of its connexion with true history, or of its allegorical reference to morality or to physics. Natural Philosophy , in the largeit sense of the expression, is too wide a field for you to undertake but, the study of nature , as far as may suit your powers and opportunities, you will find a most sublime entertainment: the objects of this fudy are