all the stupendous works of the Almighty Hand that lie within the reach of our observation. In the works Of man perfetion is aimed at, but, it can n4 only only be found in those of the Creator. The contemplation of perfection must produce delight, and every natural object around you would offer this delight, if it could attraet your attention: if you survey the earth, every leaf that trembles in the breeze, every blade of grass beneath your feet is a wonder as absolutely beyond the reach of human art to imitate as the conitruc tion of the universe . Endless pleasures to those who have a tafle for them, might be derived from the endless variety to be found in the composition of this globe and its inhabitants. The foffil the vegetable and the animal world gradually rising in the scale of excellence the innumerable species of each, frill preserving their specific differences from age to age, ..yet of which no two individuals are ever perfetly alike -- afford such a range for observation and inquiry as might engross the whole term of our short life if followed minutely. Besides all the animal creation obvious to our unassisted senses, the eye, aided by philosophical inventions, sees myriads of creatures, which by the.ignorant are are not known to have existence : it sees all nature teem with.life; every fluid each part of every vegetable and animal fwarm with its peculiar inhabitants invifible to the naked eye, but. as perfect in all' their parts, and enjoying life as indisputably, as the elephant or the whale. But, if from the earth, and from these minute wonders , the philosophic eye is raised towaras the h eavens, what a stupendous scene there opens to it's view those brilliant lights that sparkle to the eye of ignorance as gems adorning the sky, or as lamps to guide the traveller by night, assume an importance that amazes the understanding they appear to be worlds , formed like ours for a variety of inhabitants or suns, enlightening numberless other worlds too distant for our discovery j i shall ever remember the afionifh ment and rapture with which my mind received this idea , when I was about your age; it was then perfectly new to me, and it is impossible to describe the sensations I felt. from the glorious, boundless prospect of infinite nite beneficence bursting at once upon my imagination! who can contemplate such a scene unmoved? if your curiosity is excited to enter upon this noble inquiry, a few books on the subject , and those of the easiest sort, with fome'of the common experiments, may be sufficient for your purpofe which is to enlarge your mind, and to excite in it the most ardent gratitude and profound adoration towards that great and good Being, who exerts his boundless power in communicating various portions of happiness through all the immense regions of creation. Moral philosophy , as it relates to human aaions, is of still higher importance than the study of nature . The works of the ancients on this subjet are universally said to be entertaining as well as inftrutive, by those who can read them in their original languages; and such of them as arewell translated will undoubtedly, some years hence, afford you great pleasure and improvement. You will also find many agreeable and useful books , written originally in French, and in English, ori morals! morals and manners: for the present, there are. works , which, without assuming the, solemn air of philosophy , will enlighten your mind on these fubjeas, and introduce infirudfion. in an easier dress: of this sort are many of the moral essays, that have appeared in periodical papers -- which, when excellent in, their kind as are the Speffators, Guardians, Ramblers and adventurers are particularly useful to young people, as they comprehend. great variety of fubje6ts introduce many ideas and observations that are new to them and lead to a habit of refleaing on the cha raters and events that come before them in real life, which I confider as the beft'exercife of the understanding. Books on tafle and criticism will hereafter be more proper for you than at present: whatever can improve your discernment , and render your taste elegant and just, must be of great consequence to your enjoyments as well as to the embellishment of your understanding. I would by no means exclude the kind of . reading , reading , which young people are naturally most fond of; though I think the greatest care thould be taken in the choice of those ficiti ousjfories, that so enchant the mind moft of which tend to inflame the passions of youth, whilst the chief purpose of education should be to moderate and restrain them. Add to this, that both the writing and sentiments of most novels and romances are such as are only proper to vitiate your style, and to mislead your heart and underitanding. The expectation of extraordinary adventures which seldom ever happen to the sober and prudent part of mankind and the admiration of extravagant passions and absurd condut, are some of the usual fruits of this kind of reading ; which when a young woman makes it her chief amusement, generally renders her ridiculous in conversation, and, miserably wrong headed in her pursuits and behaviour. There are however works of this class' in which excellent morality is joined with the most lively pietures of the human mind, and with all that can entertain the imagination 9 and and interest the heart. But, I must repeatedly exhort you, never to read anything of the sentimental kind, without taking the judgement of your best friends in the choice; for, I am persuaded, that the indiscriminate reading of such kind of books corrupts more female hearts than any other cause whatsoever. Before I close this correspondence, I flail point out the course of history I wish you to pursue, and give you my thoughts of geography and chronology, some knowledge of both being, in my opinion , necessary to