his afcen sion, were affited and inspired by the Holy Ghost. This sacred volume muss be the rule of your life. In it you will find all truths necessary to be believed; and plain and easy diretions, for the practice of every duty: Your Bible then mufi must be your chief study and delight: but, as it contains many various kinds of writing fome parts obscure and difficult of interpretation, others plain and intelligible to the meanest capacity i would chiefly recommend to your frequent perusal such parts of the sacred writings as are most adapted to your understanding, and most necessary for your instruction. Our Saviour's precepts were spoken to the cornmon. people amongst the Jews; and were therefore giren in a manner easy to be understood, and equally striking and inftrutive to the learned and unlearned: for the .moult ignorant may comprehend them, 5 them, whilit the wisest must be charmed and awed, by the beautiful and majestic simplicity with which they are expressed. Of the same kind are the Ten Commandments, delivered by God to Moses;, which, as they were designed for universal laws , are worded in the most concise and simple manner,. yet with a majesty, which commands our utmost reverence. I think you will receive great pleasure, as well as improvement, from the historical books of the oldteftament provided you read them as an history, in a regular course, and keep the thread of it i. in your mind, as you go on. I know of none, true or fictitious, that is equally wonderful , interesting, and affecting; or that is told in so Short and simple a manner as this, which is, of all histories, the most authentic. In my next letter, I will give you some brief directions, concerning the method and course I wiih you to pursue, in reading the holyfcrip tures. May you be enabled to make the belt use of this moult precious gift of god this sacred treasury of knowledge ! May you read the Bible, not as a talk, nor as the dull employment of that day only in in which you are forbidden more lively entertainments but with a sincere and ardent desire of instruction; with that love and delight in God's w.rd, which the holy Psalmist so pathetically felt, and described, and which is the natural consequence of loving God and virtue Though I speak this of the Bible in general , I would not be understood to mean, that every part of the volume is equally interesting. I habve already .aid, that it consists of various matter, and various kinds of books , which must be read with different views and sentiments. The having some general notion of what you are to .expeet expet from each book may possibly help you to understand them, and heighten your relish of them. I shall treat you as if you. were perfectly new to the whole; for so I wish you to confider yourself; because the time and manner, in which children' nifually read the Bible, are very ill calculated to make them really acquainted with it; and too many people who have read it thus, without understanding it in their youth, satisfy themselves that they know enough of it, and never afterwards study it with attention, when they come to a maturer age. Adieu, Adieu, my beloved Niece! If the feelings of your heart, whilst you read my letters, correspond with those of mine, whilst I write them, I shall not be without the advantage of your partial affetion, to give weight to my advice; for believe me, my own dear girl, my heart and eyes overflow with ten nernefs, while I tell you, with how warm and earnest prayers for your happiness here, and hereafter, I subscribe myself, your faithful friend and mos affectionate Aunt. lett ER LETTER II NOW proceed to give my dear niece some short lketches of the matter contained in the different books of the Bible, and of the course in which they ought to be read . The first book , GENESIS, contains the most grand, and, to us, the most interesting events, that ever happened in the universe : The creation of the world , and of man; - The deplorable fall of man, from his tiret fate of excellence and bliss, to to the distressed condition in which we see all his descendants continue: The sentence of death pro noo'nced on Adam, and on all his race with the reviving promise of that deliverance, which has since been wrought for us by our blessed Saviour: The account of the early state of the world : Of the universal deluge: The division of mankind into different nations and languages: The story of Abraham, the founder of the Jewish people; whose unshaken faith and obedience, under the severest trial human nature could sustain, obtained such favour in the sight of God, that he vouchsafed to Rile him his friend, and promiied to. to make of his pofferity a great nation; and that in his seed that is. in one of his defcendants all the kingdoms of the earth should. be blessed: this, you will easily see, refers to the Messiah, who was to be the blessing and deliverance of all nations. It is amazing that the Jews, possessing this prophecy among many others, flould have been so blinded by prejudice, as to have expeted, from this great personage, only a temporal deliverance (of their own nation from the sub je!ion to which they were reduced under the Romans: it is equally amazing, that some Christians. should, even now, confine the VOL, I. D blesscd blessed effecs of his appearance upon earth, to this or that particular. fe or profession, when he is so clearly and emphatically described as the Saviour of the whole world . the story of Abraham's proceeding to sacrifice his only son at the command of God, is asseting in the highest degree, and sets forth a pattern of unlimited resignation, that every one ought to imitate,