same time ?7 This is very pradicable, for there are many works of genius elrtiemely well calculated to answer each of these ends; but they are not the hi~fories of Sir fish a one, Miss what d'ye call um, or any of those fultile priodutions, .which the pzre~s daily emits, to vitiate the taste, and corrupt the principles of the age. Tfhere is a certain mental vigour necelffay to virtue as well as to happiness, but modern no vrels, under the specious mask of refined s~enti maents, introduce a dangerous foftnef's that has often destroyed both. True : refinement is the glory of a rational creature, but whatever enervates the mind, must diebafe it. Lycurgus thought soi suppose, when he banished the poets from his comnmon wealth; yet surely he lfived near enough to Athens to have learned to draw a proper line between ferocity and effeminacy. The pafiron for novelty, so inherent in youth, mpay be abundantly. gratified, by the study of. hiff~ory. hiftoryl. Here you meet with new and ancnt n mn. evelts~ -- bcome acquainted Iwtith a varke~jiet ofshara~grs, and are enabled to form a jufk effimate of mankind ; for, except allowing fora a few local customs or prejudices, human nai ture was. the false two thou~and years ago. as. at this timeb. There is something extremely agree, ablet to the mind in weighing and examining the. a~ie ins of celebrated personages, who, in their day, made the mighty tremble -- in mark ing the rise or fall of empires, - and to be. able to determnine. the secret caufee of those. reolu~tions which once adtonifhed the worlid. The ages appear as inconfidexrable points, to tlpofe who are acquatinted withr hiffory -- they seethe varioius· nations of the earth pass in review before them, and trace a more than human power buryi· ab Fe affairxs of mean -- by taking in at one compreheathi~e view sei vast a trad of time, they dtifcern the nie conne8ions of that f~chese· of Providence, which often appears broken and irregular, when contemplated only through the medium of a few years. It is almost impofirble to be well versed in the characters of the politer nations of antiquity, without catching famnething of that mnagnanimi ty which distinguished them; and I know not why an acquamntance with their manners thould not be thought as necessary in the system of female education, as it ufixally is in that of the oath, sex. If. the Greek and Roman veterans displayed qualities which the heroes of the present day would be proud to imitate, their wives and daughters were often patterns of such virtues, as would be allowed to dignify a lady of the eighteenth. century. C Read Read modern hiffory as well as ancient. -- the knowledge tif the sations who inhabit the globe as well as yourselves, is amusing and interefit ing -- the heart, too, may be the better for 'it -- - narrow prejudices are removed, and the better mnankind becorne acquainted with each other, the more the divine principle of philanthropy must be extended. National enmity has no other parent but ignoran~ice -- the enlightened, the philosophic mind, even through the veilt of different tongues and cuffoms, can discern ar' kindred being -- a member of that universal fai mnily, whofie head is the Deity. Next to travelling itself, nothing tends more to enlarge the ideas thar journals of travels and voyages, if the writers have been faithful and accurate; and you will read them with infinite pleasure, if you have been careful to acquire a knowledge o geography. This renders you familiar with the countries you read of -- -- Youl recollea their sail, climate, and produaions -- - know their refpe~tive boundaries, and can readily mark out their place on the globe. Having thus, my dear girls, pointed out to you so exhaustless a source of amusement, I will only for the present add, that I am, &rc. C ORBNELIIA. * L E T JL ET TER V. AS long as curiosity continues a lead ingf feature in the human charaater, Biography. will form a favourite species of readings . Everybody is eager to pry into the private charaater of a celebrated personage, and are better pleased to know, how fiuch an one aats in domeffic life, than in the senate, or the field. And, indeed, it is there that the best estimate of thereal description can be formned. The private livres of famous persons afford much edification to the reader; the vice or meannef~is too often there displayed, teaches us not to be dazzled by the blalze of popularity or power; and to contemn that virtue which is built on the defiire offa~me alone. If on the other hand, ' by following these darlings of same to the closet, or the fire sid~e, we discover the same nobleness of heart that diftingeuifhes them with the multitude , justly they become patterns for our example; the mind rejoices to find fomething~about them that is imlitable, for though' few are called forth as distinguished aators on the theatre of the world , all may, if they please, be great in private life : That is, may acquire those amiable; qualities of mind, which can only confltitute real greatnejs.; without which the hero is no more than a hypocrite, and even the robe of royalty, but a tinsel ornament to cover real meanness. Your chief aim thould be the knowledge of the human heart, and that is in general more C 2 fully furlly discovered in trifing; traits and circumstances, than by important a~ions performed under the public eye. But: you nowhere find humannatue foimpartally delineated, as in the sacred writings. tihere the historians, nei, there influenced by passion or prejudice, relate both aations and their secret springs wiithi uner rmng candour; never calumnlatmng enemies, of stooping to flatter the favourites of their' nation. The Jewith writers had the fairest opportunities imaginable for exaggerating the virtues: of their heroes, considering the miraculous powers