hiff ory of faats, in which we are deeply concerned -- a true recital of C 4: the the lawjs giverif by God to Moses, and of the precepts of our blessed Lordn and Saviour, delivered frlam? .his own mouth 'to his disciples, and repeated and enlargfed upon in the edifying e~pintes of his Apostles -- who were men chosen from amnongft those who had .the advantage of conversing with our Lord, to bear witness of his miracles and refor reation -- and who, after his afcen flon,. were afifitedl and inspired by the Holy Ghost. This sacred volume must be the rule of your life. In it you will find all truths necessary to be believed; and plain as y.ir direations, for the practice of' every duty : Your Bible then muf 6 mruft be your chief ftludy and delight : but, as it contains many various kinldss of writing - some parts obicurc and difficult of interpretation, others plain and intelligible to the mneaneft 'capacity - would chiefly recommend to your frequent perusal fiich parts of the sacred writingos as are most adapted to your understanding, and most necessary for your infiruffion. Our Saviour's precepts were spoken to the common people amongst the Jews; and were therefore given in a manner eafyr to be understood, and equally firiking and infiruftive to thle learned and unlearned : for the most ignorant may comprehend them, them, whilst the wif~et must be charmed and awed, by the bseau tiful and majestic fmimlicity with which they are expressed. Of the same kind are the Tlen Commandments, deli vered by God to mtofe~s which, as they were designed fobr universal laws , are worded ! in the most concise and simple manner, yet: with a majesty, which comn mands our utmost reverence, I think you: will receive great pleasure, as well as improvement, from the hifforical bookts of the Old Testament- -- youl read them as an hiffory, in a. regular: course, and keep the thread of it in your mind, as you gao on. I know of none, true or fiatitious, that is equally wonderful , interesting, and affeting; or that is told in so short and simple a manner as. this, which is, of all hiffories, the mnoft authentic. In my next letter, I will give yout some brief direaions, concerning the method and course I with you to pursue, in reading the holy scriptures. May you be enabled to. makre the belt use of this most precious gift of God -- this sacred treasury of knowledge ! Muay you read the Bible, not as a tafkc, nor as the dull employment of that day only in which you are forbidden more lively entertainments but with a sincere and ardent desire of instruction s with that love and delight in God's word , which the holy Pfadl mist so pathetically felt, and described, and which is the natural consequence of loving God and vir true!i though I speak this of the Bible in goeneral, I would not be underfloodt to mean, that everyr part of the volume is equally in tereffing. Ihave already said, that it consists of various matter, and various kinds of bookts, which mnuff be read with different views and sentiments. The having some general notion of what you are to expe t expect from each booki may: possibly help you to understand them, and heighten youc relish of them. I thall treat you as if you were perfeatly new to the whole 3 for so, I with you to confider yourself; because the time and manner, in which children usually read the bible, are very ill calcurlated to inakte them really acqluainted with it s and too many people who have read it thus, without underhand ing it in their youth, satisfy themselves that they know enough of it, and never afterwards, study it with attention, when they come to. a maturer age. Adieui Adieu, my beloved niece!! the feelingos of your heart, whilst you read my letters, correspond with those of mine, whilst I write them, I shall not be without the advantagae of your partial affe~tion, to give weight to my advice j for believe me, my own dear girl, my heart and eyes overflow with tenderness, while I tell you, with how warm and earnest: prayers for your happiness here, and hereafter, I subscribe myself, your faithful friend and mofbt affeetionate Aunt. LETTER L E TEE R IL, INOW proceed to give my dear nit ce for thort ske tches of the matter contained in the different books of the Bible, and of the course in which they ought to be read . Thie first book , GENESIS, contains the most grand, and, to us, the most interesting events, that ever happened in the univere : -- The creation of the world , and of man : -- The deplorable fall of man, from his first irate of excellence and bliss, to the diffreffed condition in which we see all his descendants continue: -- Thae sentence of death pronounced on Adam, and on all his race -- with the reviving promise of that deliverance, which has since been wrought forus by our blefedi saviour: The account of the early Rtate of the world : -- Of the uni versal deluge : -- the diviflon of mankind into different nations and languages : -- The flory of Abraham, the founder of the Jewish people; whole unfbakten faith and obedience, under the severest trial human nature could sustain, obtained such favour in the sight of God, that he vouchsafed to: style him his friend, and promised to make of his posterity a great nation; and that: in his fieed that is. in one of his def~cendants all the ktingdoms of thae earth Thould be blessed:. this, you. will easily fee: : to the Mefilah, who ·w~s tos be the blefirng and deliverance of all nations. It is amazing that the Jews, poffefirng this prophecy among many others, fhlould have been fob blinded by prejurdice, as