it is to do good. LETTER V BUT so exalted and refined a turn offentiment is never the production of ignorance. It is only in cultivated minds we must look for it; for the prime fruits of virtue grow not in the soil that has never been broken up by moral instruction. A virtuous and intelligent friend is perhaps the most valuable acquisition a young person can make; but as one of this description may never fall to your lot, supply the want thereof, as well as you can, by books . By all means cultivtate a taste for reading , but take care that your taste be a jufft one that is, be more desirous of instruction than amusement or you will profit but little by literary pursuits. Those who read merely to please the t2 imagination, may be sure of not reading to advantage, and do seldom acquire a relish for works of solid merit and utility. I have never known a young person who was pamionately fond of novels capable ofrelifhing anything iuperior to, l em. For my own part, I had rather see a girl wholly ignorant of the alphabet, than attached to that species of writing; for I am convinced that infinitely more have erred in the conduit of life from that cause, than from any other. The inti ments and ideas they impress, are fatal illulions to mislead the poor reader, who, after wasting days and years in the study , is still an utter stranger to the world tne lives in and, what is worse, inspired with the most erroneous notions of it, which commonly lead to some false step, or ill judged connexion, that secures her a wretch for life. It cannot be other wife for the scenes, charaaers, and incidents, these books describe, are to be found nowhere but in the author's romantic fancy. They have nothing to do with the real knowledge of the worl i, and consequently, those who think to fleer through it by such guides, musc, in the end, find themselves mistaken. Juit as well may a traveller think to make the tour of Europe by a chart of Alia. If curiosity mult be amufld, and the imagination pleased, why may not the understanding be improved at the same time? This is very praericable, for there are many works of genius extremely well calculated to answer each of these ends; but they are not the histories of Sir ficha one, Miss what d'ye call urnm, or any of those futile productions, which the press daily emits, to vitiate the taste, and corrupt the principles of the age. There is a certain mental vigour northeast cefibry to virtue as well as to happiners, but modern novels, uhder the.fpecio.us mask of refined sentiments, introduce a dangerous softness that has often destroyed both. True refinement is the glory of a rational creature, but whatever en. ervates the mind, must debase it. Lycurgus thought so, I suppose, when he banished the poets from his commonwealth; yet surely he lived near enough to Athens to have learned to draw a proper line between ferocity and effeminacy. The passion for novelty, so inlierent in youth, may be abundantly gratified, by the study of history. Here you meet with new and uncommon events be come acquainted with a variety of characters, and are enabled to form a just estimate of mankind ; for except allowing for a few local customs or prejudices, human nature was the same two thousand years ago asat this time. There is something extremely agreeable to the mind in weighing and examining the actions of celebrated perfoinages, who, in their day, made the mighity tremble in marking the rifbe or fall of empires, and to be able to determinhe the secret causes of those revolutions which once astonished the world . The ages appear as inconsiderable points, to those who are acquainted with history- -- see the various nations of the earth pais in review before them, and trace a more than human power busy in the affairs of men by taking in at one comprehensive view so vafl a trad of time, they discern the nice connexions of that scheme of Providence, which often appears broken and irregular, when conterrmplated only through the medium of a few years. It is almost impossible to be well versed in the characters of the politer nations of antiquity, without watching something of that magnanimity which distinguished them; and I know not why an acquaintance with their manners should not be thought as necefl'.ry in the system of FEMALE EDUCATION, .as it usually is in that of the other sex. If the Greek and rio man veterans difpiayed qualities which the heroes of the present day would be proud to imitate, their wives and daughters were ofcen patterns of such virtue, as would be allowed to dignify a lady of the eighteenth century. Read modern hifiory as well as ancient -- the knowledge of the nations who inhabit the globe as well as yourselves, is anmu'f ing and interefting the heart, too, may be the better for it narrow prejudices are removed, and the better mankind become acquainted with each other, the more the divine principle of philanthropy must be extended. National enmity has no other parent but ignorance the enlightened, the philosophic mind, even through the veirof different tongues and customs, can dif: erna kindred being -- - a member of that univeifal family, whose head is the dei y. Next to travelling itself, nothing tends more to en: lrge the ideas than journals of travels ani voyages, if the writers have been faithiil and accurate; and you will read them withi infinite pleasure, if you have been careful to acquire a knowledge of geography. This renders you familiar wilh'the countries you read of -- Youre collea their soil, climate, and producltions know their refpefcive boundaries, and can readily mark out their place on the globe. Having thus, my dear girls, pointed out to you so exhautliefs