with an earnest desire to conform our thoughts, our words , and actions to them. C z As As you advance in years and understanding - hope you will be able to examine for yourself the evidences of the Christian religion, and be convinced, on rationail grounds, of its divine authority . At present such inquiries would demand more ftudyand greater powers ofreafoning, than your age admits of. It is your part therefore, till you are capable of understanding the proofs, to believe your parents and teachers, that the holy scriptures are writings inspired by God, containing a true hifiory of fads, in which we are deeply concerned a true recital of the laws given by God to Moses, and of the precepts of our blessed Lord and Saviour, delivered from his own mouth to his disciples, and repeated and enlarged upon in the edifying epistles of his apofiles who were men chosen from amongst those 'who had the advantage of conversing with our Lord, to bear witners of his miracles and refurreclion and who, after his as cenfion, were assisted and inspired by the Holy Ghost. This sacred volume muss be the rule of your life. In it you will find all truths necessary to be believed; and plain and easy di re&ioris for the pra&tice of every duty: Your Bible then muss be your chief study and de Jight: but, as it contains many various kinds of of writing fome parts obscure and difficult of interpretation, others plain and intelligible to the meaneit capacity i would chiefly recommend to your frequent perusal such parts of the sacred writings as are most adapted to your underfianding, and most necessary for your infiruaion. Our Saviour's precepts were spoken to the common people amongit the Jews; and were therefore given in a manner easy to be understood, and equally ifrik ing and infiruaive to the learned and unlearned: for the most ignorant may comprehend them, whilst the wisest muss be charmed and awed, by the beautiful and majeffic simplicity with which they are expressed. Of the same kind are the Ten Commandments, delivered by God to Moses: which, as they were designed for universal laws , are worded in the most concise and simple manner, yet with a majesty, which commands our utmost reverence. I think you will receive great pleasure, as well as improvement, from the historical books of the Old teftament provided you read them as an hiffory, in a regular course, and keep the thread of it in your mind, as you go on. I know of none, true or sidi tious, that is equally wonderful , intereffing, and and affecting; or that is told in so short and simple a manner as this, which is, of all histories, the moft.authentic. In my next letter, I will give you some brief dire&tions, concerning the method and course I wiih you to pursue, in reading the holy icriptures. May you be enabled to make the best use of this moti precious gift of God this sacred treasury of knowledge ! May you read the Bible, not as a talk, nor as the dull employment of that day only in which you are forbidden more lively entertainments but with a sincere and ardent desire of in ftruaion; with thatlove and delight in God's word , which the holy psalmist so pathetically felt, and described, and which is the natural consequence of .loving God and virtue !- Though I speak this of the Bible in general , I would notbe understood to mean, that every part of the volume is equally interesting. have already said, that it consists of various matter, and various kinds of books , which must be read with different views and sentiments. The having some general notion of what you are to expect from each book may possibly help you to understand them, and heighten your relish of them. I shall treat you as if you were perfe6uy new to the whole; for for so I with you to confider yourself; because the time and manner, in which children usually read the Bible, are very ill calculated to make them really acquainted with it; and too .many people who have read it thus, without understanding it in their youth, satisfy themselves that they know enough of it, and never afterwards study it with attention, when they come to a maturer age. Adieu, my beloved Niece! If the feelings of your heart, whilit you read my letters, correspond with those of mine, whilst I write them, I shall. not be without the advantage ofyour partial affetion, to give weight to my advice; for, believe me, my own dear girl, my heart and eyes overflow with tenderness, while I tell you, with how warm and earnest prayers for your happiness here, and hereafter, I subscribe myself Your faithful friend, and most affectionate Aunt. I LETTERI LETTER II I NOW proceed to give my dear niece some thort sketches of the matter con taired in the different books of the Bible, and of the course in which they ought to be read . Thefirft Book , genesis, contains the most grand, and, to us, the most interesting events, that ever happened in the universe : The creation gfthe world , and of man : The deplorable fill of man, from his first slate of excellence and bliss, to the diitreffed condition in which we see all his descendants continue: The sentence of death pronounced on Adam, and on all his race with the reviving promise of that deliverance, which has ' since been wrought for us by our bleffe4 Saviour: The account of the early state of the world : Of the universal deluge: The division of mankind into different nations and languages: The story of Abraham, the founder of the Jewish people; whose unshaken faith and obedience, under the severest trial. humanr human nature could fuifain, obtained such favour in the sight of God, that he vouchsafed to style him his friend, and promised to make of his posterity a great nation;