acute investigation of a different author. An author too out of the common run of authors; an author who is a man of the world. THE chief heads of this ART would I suppose be found to be these. FIRST, MAN AS AN INDIVIDUAL, considered with regard to I. His body in 1. Its structure. 2. The Natural History of Man. 3. The art of preventing, 4. The art of curing, diseases. II. His Mind; leaving the metaphysic part out of all question: and only examining it by its palpable faculties, so to speak, of 1. Judgment and reason. 2. Memory. 3. Imagination. SECONDLY, MAN IN SOCIETY. I. History of the Progress of Society. II. Particular description of the civilized state of society. III. Advices for the further improvement of society. IV. Domestic society considered in these subdivisions: 1. Duties and affections of, 1. husband, 2. Wife: children. 3. of parents. 4. of friends, etc. 5. Rules, and most minute details of economy and the conduct of life. 6. Pleasures and amusements of life, with hints for their improvement. V. Civil society, or the art of conducting every kind of business; including the science of polished manners, and what is called knowledge of the world. SUCH I imagine ought to be the general idea of this GRAND ART. Some of its branches have been already cultivated, but by no means with sufficient care. Charron and Nettleton are perhaps the most important authors, whose works in this way deserve any mention. The first of these in particular is a very valuable writer; but neither of them come up to the idea proposed. The grand reason why the practical happiness of man is so desert a field of observation is, that he he has never yet discovered that important things, as theories of worlds, etc. are trifles to him; and trifling things, as domestic pleasures, etc. are to him matters of the last importance. The happiness of man is compounded of a variety of minute particles of wisdom and pleasure: it is an exquisite concert produced by a variety of instruments; most of them very minute in themselves, yet of great effect upon the whole. Now no writer has thought of laying down the art of tuning these several instruments. No: that were beneath the dignity of philosophy! It is judged enough to lay down rules for the concert, without enquiring whether the instruments are in proper tune, or not. Hence, to drop the metaphor, the general titles of books on this subject, On Virtue and Happiness, On Wisdom. The writers did not know that their very titles were presumptuous to madness; and that one hundredth part of their plan was far beyond the cultivation of any one author. This affectation of being important destroys the merit of all writers on this subject. They did not know that they would have been infinitely more important had they been less so. The saying of Parmenio to Philotas, My son make thyself less, may