trifles in comparison of what might be expected from such an Author. KNOWLEDGE of the Mind he divides into two parts; that of the Nature, and that of the Faculties of the soul. The first he confesses beyond the sphere of human science. Divination and Fascination he adds to this as small appendices; foolishly enough, for there are, without doubt, no such things in being. They should have fallen under the head of Poetry. THE knowledge of the Faculties of the Mind he likewise subdivides into two kinds; that of the Understanding, and that of the Passions; or Rational and Moral. THE first contains the Four intellectual arts: that of enquiry, or invention; that of examination, or judgment; that of custody, or memory; and that of elocution, or tradition. Invention relates to arts; and to speech and arguments, or rhetoric and logic; over which the province of Judgment likewise extends. He considers Memory; then passes to Tradition, which is either by speech or writing, to it therefore belong Grammar and Rhetoric: he here treats of the methods of communicating knowledge, and recommends the Socratic plan of leaving every thing in doubt; this he calls methodus sincerus, sive ad filios scientiarum. After some hints on Rhetoric, he passes to two appendices to the Tradition of science; one of which he calls Critical, and the other Pedantic knowledge. The first he divides into five points. 1. Editing and correcting books. 2. Annotations explaining them. 3. Knowledge of the times in which the books were written. 4. Judgment on Authors, pointing out what books deserve reading, what not. 5. The disposition of studies, or in what order books ought to be read. PEDANTIC knowledge, or that of a schoolmaster admits four divisions. 1. Timing of knowledge, 2. Progress from easy authors to difficult. 3. Knowledge of the difference of talents. 4. Exercise: under which head he includes manners, and education in general. MORAL PHILOSOPHY he considers at sore length; and with his usual strength and accuracy except in some compliments to James I. to whom his work is addressed, and who was the most foolish and base prince who ever disgraced a throne. SOCIAL SCIENCE he next considers, with great wisdom, under the heads of Conversation, and of Business. His thoughts on this most important head are happily given in no very contracted bounds; and are almost worth the whole large work of Charron. I look upon this as by far the most valuable part of his most valuable performance. THE other head of CIVIL KNOWLEDGE, or that of Government and Laws, he treats with timid brevity; and it is no wonder when writing to a king, and to an idiot king. DIVINE Learning, or Divinity, is the final part of his work; and on this he writes mere nonsense like Milton, and other great men, whose prejudices were too strong for all their talents; or who thought, loquendum ut vulgus, sentiendum ut sapientes. SUCH is the Analysis and very soul of this