with great truth be applied to all practical writers on human wisdom; with this implied addition, that thou may be greater. Man! Proud Man! Must thy pride be for ever the destruction of thy real knowledge, and of thy happiness? I HAVE dwelt so long upon this preliminary part, because it forms the very basis and foundation of the ART now spoken of. Till authors can be persuaded to drop generalities, and minutely examine particulars; not upon theoretical, but upon experimental principles, it is in vain to expect any progress in this great science. MAN'S happiness, which is the only final purpose of this ART, has been already observed to be an aggregate composed of many minute parts. Perhaps nothing contributes more to it than the knowledge of economy, yet not one book has ever been written upon this point, tho nothing is more capable of being illustrated by details and examples. THIS may serve as an explanation of my meaning when recommending THE ART OF LIFE to be treated by philosophers at length, in its minute heads, not taken in gross. I speak of examples, because it is a trite observation, that example goes further than precept: and because, without examples, the several divisions of this knowledge will be more dry, and far less instructive. THESE examples ought always, if possible, to be be taken from real life; or to bear as strict a resemblance of it as possible: at any rate they ought to be related in the simplest manner. Indeed the whole works, upon any branch of this science, ought to be written in the most simple style imaginable; being intended for the instruction of all ranks of society. ANY further remarks on this head I shall not venture upon. I cannot however omit observing that, in all well regulated governments, a DOMESTIC TRIBUNAL should be instituted, composed of respectable fathers of families; who should have power to regulate in a mild manner all serious disputes between father and son, or the like. The vast power that parents have over the happiness of their children, gives many depraved parents an unlimited tyranny, and the worst species of it; for this always attacks the very vitals of domestic life, whereas tyrannic government seldom or never goes so far. Many parents make their children useless and miserable for life, and disinherit them in the end, for no cause but their own diabolical caprice. If children are disobedient, the parents can always punish them; but if parents are tyrannical, there is no redress for their unfortunate offspring. The want of such a tribunal is a disgrace to the legal prudence of every modern country; for I think something like it actually existed in one or two of the states of antiquity. I MUST not conclude without remarking further that Lord Bacon's own hints, upon civil society and business, are very valuable, as every sketch of such a master is: they may be regarded with justice as forming a model of