than that men, and men of talents, should neglect the only province of wisdom that immediately interests mankind; and should seem to prefer a parcel of idle and airy speculations to the grandest part of human knowledge; that which tends to make man wiser, better, and happier; to improve society, and government; and institute a paradise upon earth. TO descend to the smaller divisions of this ONLY TRUE KNOWLEDGE, some of which however are trifling in respect of others: THE deficiencies of Medicine need not be noted, as it is all one defect. LOCKE'S Treatise upon Human Understanding is a most acute work, but tends not to increase the practical wisdom of man. The nature, progress, and exertion, of ideas are merely speculations, and have a great chance of falsity; for we confessedly know nothing of the nature of the mind, which is their productor. It is the proper application of ideas that man needs to be instructed in. What is it to me from what rarifications of earth the gold of this guinea is formed? The point is, how am I to use it with propriety so as to benefit myself and others? THE whole divisions of Rational Knowledge are still deficient; and will be, till some men of vast talents apply to them, and not with a speculative, but with a practical bent of mind. THE appendices of Rational Knowledge, being Critical and Pedantic science, have received great improvements, especially in England, since the publication of the work On the Advancement of Learning: yet deficiencies may still be noted. A general collection of critical observations would be of much utility, where a system were ridiculous. Elements of Criticism form a good title, but a woeful book: full of false Elements and false Criticism. Blair's Lectures on the Belles Lettres are no better; he being the mere ape of the French critics, and never venturing beyond his leadingstrings. It is indeed the great fault of our critics that they so seldom think for themselves. The two Wartons are almost the only critics we have who have shown a genuine taste. PEDANTIC knowledge has however made slower advances than criticism, tho it is of infinitely more consequence. When will man acquire wisdom enough to leave the pursuit of big trifles for that of small things that most import him? THE system of education is still foolish. Rousseau has pointed out some improvements, but a defect almost inseparable from great views is, that they are always wasted in speculation. Hence few of his remarks can be of any practical use. ONE of the most glaring defects in the present state of Pedantic Science is, the great time wasted in acquiring dead languages, which, in nine cases out of ten, are of no use to the child, but in fact are quite neglected and forgotten by him in a few months after he has left school. Perfection of folly! To waste the most precious years of human life in acquiring useless languages,