greatest consequence for excelling in it. BUT, of all the Ancient Writers on the subject of Oratory, the most instructive, and most useful, is Quinctilian. I know few books which abound more with good sense, and discover a greater degree of just and accurate taste, than Quinctilian's Institutions. Almost all the principles of good Criticism are to be found in them. He has digested into excellent order all the ancient ideas concerning Rhetoric, and is, at the same time, himself an eloquent Writer. Though some parts of his work contain too much of the technical and artificial system then in vogue, and for that reason may be thought dry and tedious, yet I would not advise the omitting to read any part of his Institutions. To Pleaders at the Bar, even these technical parts may prove of some use. Seldom has any person, of more sound and distinct judgment than Quinctilian, applied himself to the study of the Art of Oratory. LECTURE XXXV. COMPARATIVE MERIT OF THE ANCIENTS AND THE MODERNS -- HISTORICAL WRITING. I HAVE now finished that part of the Course which respected Oratory, or Public Speaking, and which, as far as the subject allowed, I have endeavored to form into some sort of system. It remains, that I enter on the consideration of the most distinguished kinds of Composition both in Prose and Verse, and point out the principles of Criticism relating to them. This part of the work might easily be drawn out to a great length; but I am sensible, that critical discussions, when they are pursued too far, become both trifling and tedious. I shall study, therefore, to avoid unnecessary prolixity; and hope, at the same time, to omit nothing that is very material under the several heads. I SHALL follow the same method here which I have all along pursued, and without which, these Lectures could not be entitled to any attention; that is, I shall freely deliver my own opinion on every subject; regarding authority no farther, than as it appears to me founded on good sense and reason. In former Lectures, as I have often quoted several of the ancient classics for their beauties, so I have also, sometimes, pointed out their defects. Hereafter, I shall have occasion to do the same, when treating of their writings under more general heads. It may be fit, therefore, that, before proceeding farther, I make some observations on the comparative merit of the Ancients and the Moderns: in order that we may be able to ascertain rationally, upon what foundation that deference rests, which has so generally been paid to the Ancients. These observations are the more necessary, as this subject has given rise to no small controversy in the Republic of Letters; and they may, with propriety, be made now, as they will serve to throw light on some things I have afterward to deliver, concerning different kinds of composition. IT is a remarkable phenomenon, and one which has often employed the speculations