still more useful to him; as the knowledge of facts, of eminent characters, and of the course of human affairs, finds place on many occasions "Imprimis vero, abundare debet Orator exemplorum copia, cum veterum, tum etiam novorum; adeo ut non modo quae conscripta sunt historiis, aut Sermonibus velut per manus tradita, quaeque quotidie aguntur, debeat nosse; verum ne ea quidem quae a clarioribus poetis sunt ficta negligere." QUINCT. L. xii. Cap. 4. . There are few great occasions of Public Speaking, in which one will not derive assistance from cultivated taste, and extensive knowledge. They will often yield him materials for proper ornament; sometimes, for argument and real use. A deficiency of knowledge, even in subjects that belong not directly to his own profession, will expose him to many disadvantages, and give better qualified rivals a great superiority over him. ALLOW me to recommend, in the third place, not only the attainment of useful knowledge, but a habit of application and industry. Without this, it is impossible to excel in any thing. We must not imagine, that it is by a sort of mushroom growth, that one can rise to be a distinguished Pleader, or Preacher, or Speaker in any Assembly. It is not by starts of application, or by a few years preparation of study afterward discontinued, that eminence can be attained. No; it can be attained only by means of regular industry, grown up into a habit, and ready to be exerted on every occasion that calls for industry. This is the fixed law of our nature; and he must have a very high opinion of his own genius indeed, that can believe himself an exception to it. A very wise law of our nature it is; for industry is, in truth, the great "Condimentum," the seasoning of every pleasure; without which life is doomed to languish. Nothing is so great an enemy both to honorable seize, and to the real, to the brisk, and spirited enjoyment of life, as that relaxed state of mind which arises from indolence and dissipation. One that is destined to excel in any art, especially in the arts of Speaking and Writing, will be known by this more than by any other mark whatever, an enthusiasm for that art; an enthusiasm, which, firing his mind with the object he has in view, will dispose him to relish every labor which the means require. It was this, that characterised the great men of antiquity; it is this, which must distinguish the Moderns who would tread in their steps. This honorable enthusiasm, it is highly necessary for such as are studying Oratory to cultivate. If youth wants it, manhood will flag miserably. IN the fourth place, attention to the best models will contribute greatly toward improvement. Every one who speaks, or writes, should, indeed, endeavor to have somewhat that is his own, that is peculiar to himself, and that characterises his Composition and Style. Slavish Imitation depresses Genius, or rather betrays the want of