rules of Style and good Writing. Beyond mere perspicuity, strict accuracy and precision are required in a Philosophical Writer. He must employ no words of uncertain meaning, no loose nor indeterminate expressions; and should avoid using words which are seemingly synonymous, without carefully attending to the variation which they make upon the idea. TO be clear then and precise, is one requisite which we have a title to demand from every Philosophical Writer. He may possess this quality, and be at the same time a very dry Writer. He should therefore study some degree of embellishment, in order to render his Composition pleasing and graceful. One of the most agreeable, and one of the most useful embellishments which a Philosopher can employ, consists in illustrations taken from historical facts, and the characters of men. All moral and political subjects naturally afford scope for these; and wherever there is room for employing them, they seldom fail of producing a happy effect. They diversify the Composition; they relieve the mind from the fatigue of mere reasoning, and at the same time raise more full conviction than any reasonings produce: for they take Philosophy out of the abstract, and give weight to Speculation, by showing its connection with real life, and the actions of mankind. PHILOSOPHICAL Writing admits besides of a polished, a neat, and elegant Style. It admits of metaphors, Comparisons, and all the calm Figures of Speech, by which an Author may convey his sense to the understanding with clearness and force, at the same time that he entertains the imagination. He must take great care, however, that all his ornaments be of the chastest kind, never partaking of the florid or the tumid; which is so unpardonable in a professed Philosopher, that it is much better for him to err on the side of naked simplicity, than on that of too much ornament. Some of the Ancients, as Plato and Cicero, have left us Philosophical Treatises composed with much elegance and beauty. Seneca has been long and justly censured for the affectation that appears in his Style. He is too fond of a certain brilliant and sparkling manner; of antitheses and quaint sentences. It cannot be denied, at the same time, that he often expresses himself with much liveliness and force; though his Style, upon the whole, is far from deserving imitation. In English, Mr. Locke's celebrated Treatise on Human Understanding, may be pointed out as a model, on the one hand, of the greatest clearness and distinctness of Philosophical Style, with very little approach to ornament: Lord Shaftsbury's Writings, on the other hand, exhibit Philosophy dressed up with all the ornament which it can admit; perhaps with more than is perfectly suited to it. PHILOSOPHICAL Composition sometimes assumes a form, under which it mingles more with works of taste, when carried on in the way of Dialogue and Conversation. Under this form the Ancients have given us some of their chief Philosophical Works; and several of the Moderns have