prudence, and commit things to chance. Government is of human prudence, and human prudence is adequate to man's nature. Where the government is not adequate to man's nature, it can never be quiet or perfect. A King governing now in England by an army, would for the same causes find the same effects with the late protector. A king governing now in England by parliaments, would find the nobility of no effect at all. A parliament, where the nobility is of no effect at all, is a mere popular council. A mere popular council will never receive law from a king. A mere popular council giving law to a king, becomes thereby a democracy, or equal commonwealth; or the difference is no greater than the imperfection of the form. A commonwealth or democracy to be perfect in the form, must consist especially of such an assembly, the result whereof can go upon no interest whatsoever, but that only which is the common interest of the whole people. An assembly consisting of a few, may go upon the interest of one man, as a king, or upon the interest of one party, as that of divines, lawyers, and the like; or the interest of themselves, and the perpetuation of their government. The popular assembly in a commonwealth may consist of too few, but can never consist of too many. To make principles or fundamentals, belongs not to men, to nations, nor to human laws. To build upon such principles or fundamentals as are apparently laid by God in the inevitable necessity or law of nature, is that which truly appertains to men, to nations, and to human laws. To make any other fundamentals, and then build upon them, is to build castles in the air. Whatever is violent, is not secure not durable; whatever is secure or durable is natural. Government in the whole people, though the major part were disaffected, must be secure or durable, because it waves force, to found itself upon nature. Government in a party, though all of these were well affected, must be insecure and transitory, because it waves nature, to found itself upon force. Commonwealths, of all other governments, are more especially for the preservation, not for the destruction, of mankind. THE BANEFUL INFLUENCE OF DEPENDENCE ON THE MIND. From The Citizen of the World, by Dr. Goldsmith. AMONG many who have enforced the duty of Giving, I am surprised there are none to inculcate the ignominy of Receiving, to show that by every favor we accept, we in some measure forfeit our native freedom, and that in a state of continual dependence on the generosity of others in a life of gradual debasement. Were men taught to despise the receiving obligations with the same force of reasoning and declamation that they are instructed to confer them, we might then see every person in society filling up the requisite duties of his situation with cheerful industry, neither relaxed by hope, nor sullen from disappointment. Every