add to the power of reasoning the liberty of speech. I am, Sir, etc. VERECUNDULUS. NUMB. 158. SATURDAY, Sept. 21, 1751. Grammatici certant, et adhuc sub Judice lis est. HOR. CRITICISM, though dignified from the earliest ages by the labors of men eminent for knowledge and sagacity, and, since the revival of polite literature, the favorite study of European scholars, has not yet attained the certainty and stability of science. The rules hitherto received, are seldom drawn from any settled principle or self-evident postulate, or adapted to the natural and invariable constitution of things; but will be found upon examination the arbitrary edicts of legislators authorized only by themselves, who out of various means by which the same end may be attained, selected such as happened to occur to their own reflection, and then by a law which idleness and timidity were too willing to obey, prohibited new experiments of wit, restrained fancy from the indulgence of her innate inclination to hazard and adventure, and condemned all future flights of genius to pursue the path of the Meonian eagle. THE authority claimed by critics may be more justly opposed, as it is apparently derived from them whom they endeavor to control; for we owe few of the rules of writing to the acuteness of those by whom they are delivered, nor have they generally any other merit than that having read the works of great authors with attention, they have observed the arrangement of their matter, or the graces of their expression, and then expected honor and reverence for precepts which they never could have invented: So that practice has introduced rules, rather than rules have directed practice. FOR this reason the laws of every species of writing have been settled by the ideas of him who first raised it to reputation, without enquiry whether his performances were not yet susceptible of improvement. The excellencies and faults of celebrated writers have been equally recommended to posterity; and so far has blind reverence prevailed, that even the number of their books has been thought worthy of imitation. THE imagination of the first authors of lyrick poetry was vehement and rapid, and their knowledge various and extensive; living in an age when science had been little cultivated, and when the minds of their auditors not being accustomed to accurate inspection, were easily dazzled by glaring ideas, they applied themselves to instruct, rather by short sentences and striking thoughts than by regular argumentation; and finding attention more successfully excited by sudden sallies and unexpected exclamations, than by the more artful and placid beauties of methodical deduction, they loosed their genius to its own course, passed from one sentiment to another without expressing the intermediate ideas, and roved at large over the ideal world with such lightness and agility that their footsteps are scarcely to be traced. FROM this accidental peculiarity of the ancient writers the critics deduce the rules of lyrick poetry, which they have set free from all the laws by which