and various parades, he lays down rules for defense in all sorts of sword-play." The Monthly reviewers, express themselves in the following terms: "For ought we dare say to the contrary, Mr. Olivier's book is a very good book, and may help to teach, as much as books can teach, the noble science of defense; or, as our author terms it, sword-play; and it is made more particularly useful, by the various attitudes and positions, which seem to be here accurately and elegantly delineated. BELL's COMMON PLACE BOOK. Formed generally upon the principles recommended and prac^i^ed by Mr. LOCK. Price 11. 5^. This work is elegantly executed from copper plates, on superfine writing demi paper, and may be had of all the booksellers in England, by enquiring for Bell's Library Commonplace Book, f^^m^d upon Mr. Locke's principles. This book is generally bound in vellum, containing 5 quires of the very best demi paper properly prepared, for 1^. 5^. Ditto, if bound in parchment, 1l. and so in proportion for any quantity of paper this book may contain, deducting or adding two shillings for every quire that may be increased or decreased, and bound as above. Mr. Lock has confined his elucid^tion to the advantages arising from reading; in selecting remarkable passages from b^oks: but this is not the only purpose to which the Commonplace Book may be successfully applied. It is not solely for the divine, the lawyer, the poet, philosopher, or historian, that this publication is calculated: but these its uses are experimentally known, and universally admitted. It is for the use and emolument of the man of business, as well as of letters; for men of fashion and fortune, as well as of study; for the traveller, the trader; and in short for all those who would form a system of useful and agreeable knowledge, in a manner peculiar to t^emselves, while they are following their accustomed pursuits, either of profit or pleasure. MISCELLANEOUS ANTIQUITIES, or a Collection of CURIOUS PAPERS, either published from scarce Tracts, or now first printed from original Manuscripts. Number I. and II in quarto, Price 2s. each; to be continued occasionally. Printed at Strawberry-hill. Just Published by Mr. HAMILTON at ROME, and executed under his Inspection (at a very great Expense) by the most eminent Engravers, a beautiful and much admired Work, entitled The ITALIAN SCHOOL of PAINTING; Consisting of FORTY PRINTS, taken from the Works of all the great ITALIAN MASTERS; beginning with MICHAEL ANGELO, and ending with CARRACCI. On account of the great Advance in the Duty, that could not be foreseen at the first Publication, the Publisher finds himself under the Necessity of advancing the Price to Four Guineas and a Half. CUPID's REVENGE, a Farce, as it is acted at the Theater Royal in the Hay-Market. Price 1s. The DRAMATIC CENSOR; or CRITICAL COMPANION. Being an instructive and entertaining Preceptor for the Playhouse. In two handsome 8vo. volumes, embellished with beautiful frontispieces. Price 12s. These two volumes are supposed