Bibliotheca Technologica: Or, a philological Library of Literary Arts and Sciences, viz. 1. Theology, or the first Principles of Natural Religion. 2. Ethics, or Morality, the Doctrine of moral Virtues. 3. Christianity, or the Substance of the Christian Religion. Judaism, or the Religion and State of the Jews. 5. Mahometanism, or the Life, Religion, and Polity of Mahomet. 6. Gentilism, or the Deities and Religion of the Heathen. 7. Mythology, or an Explanation of Fabulous Histories. 8. Grammar and Language, particularly of the English Tongue. 9. Rhetoric and Oratory, or the Art of speaking eloquently. 10. Logic, or the Art of Reasoning and Persuasion. 11. Ontology, or the Science of Being abstractedly considered. 12. Poetry, or the Art of making Verses or Poems. 13. Criticism, or the Art of judging well of Men and Things. 14. Geography, or a Description of the World. 15. Chronology, or the Doctrine of Time. 16. History, with the Original of Nations and Kingdoms. 17. Physiology, or Science of Natural Philosophy. 18. Botany, or the Doctrine of Plants and Vegetables. 19. Anatomy, or a Description of the Parts of an Human Body. 20. Pharmacy, or the Art of making Medicines. 21. Medicine, or the Theory of Physic and Diseases. 22. Polity and Oeconomics, or the Doctrine of Society and Government. 23. Jurisprudence, or the Knowledge of Law or Right. 24. Heraldry, or the Art of Blazoning Coat Armor. 25. Miscellanies, an Account of the Mathematical Arts and Sciences. price 6s. 6d. XVI. The Philosophical Grammar of Experimental Natural Philosophy, in the familiar Way of Dialogue; adapted to the Capacities of Youth, and illustrated with Variety of Copper Plates, Maps, etc. The Second Edition, with large Additions. XVII. The young Student's Memorial-Book, or Pocket-Library of the Mathematics; containing for Illustration, above 120 Cuts. Price 3s. XVIII. A new and universal System, or Body of Decimal Arithmetic; containing the Doctrine, Application and Use, in all the Parts of Arithmetic, Mathematics, etc. price 6s. XIX. The young Trigonometer's Complete Guide, being plain and spherical Trigonometry made plain and easy. In 2 vols. 8vo. price 10s. These five last by BENJAMIN MARTIN, Teacher of the Mathematics, etc. XX. Novatiani Opera, cum copiosissimis Observationibus and Notis, in quibus totum argumentum auctoris de Regula Fidei ex veterum Patrum Monumentis late discutitur. Praemittitur Dissertatio de Filii Dei Homoousio. five Coessentialitate uni Deo Patri. Studio JOHANNIS JACKSON, Eccles. Angl. Presb. price 7s. XXI. A second Edition, of a Defense of Human Liberty, in answer to the principal Arguments which have been alleged against it, and particularly to CATO'S Letters on that Subject. In which Defense, the Opinion of the Ancients. concerning Fate, is also distinctly and largely considered. To which is added a Vindication of Human Liberty: In answer to a Dissertation on Liberty and Necessity; Written by A. C. Es Esquire By JOHN JACKSON Rector of Rossington in the County of York, and Master of Wigston's Hospital in Leicester. price 4s. 6d. XXII. CYROPAEDIA: or, the Institution of CYRUS, concerning Religion and