men, to observe by, 37, etc. Our own Principle of action often bid from ourselves, 41. Some few Characters plain, but in general confounded, dissembled, or inconsistent, 51. The same man utterly different in different place and seasons, 71. Unimaginable weaknesses in the greatest, 70, etc. Nothing constant and certain but God and Nature, 95. No judging of the Motives from the actions; the same actions proceeding from contrary Motives, and the same Motives influencing contrary actions, 100. II. Yet to form Characters, we can only take the strongest actions of a man's life, and try to make them agree: The utter uncertainty of this, from Nature itself, and from Policy, 120. Characters given according to the rank of men of the world, 135. And some reason for it, 140. Education alters the Nature, or at least Character of many, 149. Actions, Passions, Opinions, Manners, Humors, or Principles all subject to change. No judging by Nature, from 158 to 178. III. It only remains to find (if we can) his RULING PASSION: That will certainly influence all the rest, and can reconcile the seeming or real inconsistency of all his actions, 175. Instanced in the extraordinary character of Clodio, 179. A caution against mistaking second qualities for first, which will destroy all possibility of the knowledge of mankind, 210. Examples of the strength of the Ruling Passion, and its continuation to the last breath, 222, etc. YES, you despise the man to Books confined, Who from his study rails at human kind; Though what he learns, he speaks and may advance Some general maxims, or be right by chance. The coxcomb bird, so talkative and grave, That from his cage cries Cuckold, Whore, and Knave, Though many a passenger he rightly call, You hold him no Philosopher at all. And yet the fate of all extremes is such, Men may be read, as well as Books too much. To Observations which ourselves we make, We grow more partial for the observer's sake; To written Wisdom, as another's, less: Maxims are drawn from Notions, those from Guess. There Is some Peculiar in each leaf and grain, Some unmarked fiber, or some varying vein: Shall only Man be taken in the gross? Grant but as many sorts of Mind as Moss. That each from other differs, first confess; Next, that he varies from himself no less: Add Nature's, Custom's, Reason's, Passion's strife, And all Opinion's colors cast on life. Our depths who fathoms, or our shallows finds, Quick whirls, and shifting eddies, of our minds? On human actions reason though you can, It may be reason, but it is not man: His Principle of action once explore, That instant it is his Principle no more. Like following life through creatures you dissect, You lose it in the moment you detect. Yet more; the difference is as great between The optics seeing, as the objects seen. All Manners take a tincture from our own, Or come discolored through our Passions shown. Or Fancy's