particular Instances to general Principles, they still push on their Enquiries to Principles more general, and rest not satisfied till they arrive at those original Principles, by which, in every Science, all human Curiosity must be bounded. Though their Speculations seem abstract and even unintelligible to common Readers, they please themselves with the Approbation of the Learned and the Wise; and think they are sufficiently compensated for the Labors of their whole Lives, if they can discover some hidden Truths which may contribute to the Instruction of Posterity. IT IS certain, that the easy and obvious Philosophy will always, with the Generality of Mankind, have the Preference to the accurate and abstruse; and by many will be recommended, not only as more agreeable, but more useful than the other. It enters more into common Life; moulds the Heart and Affections; and by touching those Principles, which actuate Men, reforms their Conduct, and brings them nearer that Model of Perfection, which it describes. On the contrary, the abstruse Philosophy, being founded on a Turn of Mind that cannot enter into Business and Action, vanishes when the Philosopher leaves the Shade and comes into open Day; nor can its Precepts and Principles easily retain any Influence over our Conduct and Behavior. The Feelings of our Sentiments, the Agitation of our Passions, the Vehemence of our Affections, dissipate all its Conclusions, and reduce the profound Philosopher to a mere Plebeian. THIS also must be confessed, that the most durable, as well as justest Fame has been acquired by the easy Philosophy, and that abstract Reasoners seem hitherto to have enjoyed only a momentary Reputation, from the Caprice or Ignorance of their own Age, but have not been able to support their Renown with more equitable Posterity. It Is easy for a profound Philosopher to commit a Mistake in his subtle Reasonings; and one Mistake is the necessary Parent of another, while he pushes on his Consequences, and is not detered from embracing any Conclusion, by its unusual Appearance, or its Contradiction to popular Opinion: But a Philosopher, who proposes only to represent the common Sense of Mankind in more beautiful and more engaging Colors, if by Accident he commits a Mistake, goes no farther; but renewing his Appeal to common Sense, and the natural Sentiments of the Mind, returns into the right Path, and secures himself from any dangerous Illusions. The Fame of Cicero flourishes at present; but that of Aristotle is utterly decayed. La Bruyere passes the Seas, and still increases in Renown: But the Glory of Malebranche is confined to his own Nation and to his own Age. And Addison, perhaps, will be read with Pleasure, when Lock shall be entirely forgotten This is not intended any way to detract from the Merit of Mr. Lock, who was really a great Philosopher, and a just and modest Reasoner. It Is only meant to show the common Fate of such abstract Philosophy. . THE mere Philosopher is a Character, which is commonly