Nature to all things fixed the Limits fit, And wisely curbed proud Man's pretending Wit. As on the Land while here the Ocean gains, In other Parts it leaves wide sandy Plains; Thus in the Soul while Memory prevails, The solid Power of Understanding fails; Where Beams of warm Imagination play, The Memory's soft Figures melt away. One Science only will one Genius fit; So vast is Art, so narrow Human Wit: Not only bounded to peculiar Arts, But often in those, confined to single Parts. Like Kings we lose the Conquests gained before, By vain Ambition still t'extend them more. Each might his several Province well command, Would all but stoop to what they understand. First follow NATURE, and your Judgment frame By her just Standard, which is still the same: Unerring Nature, still divinely bright, One clear, unchanged, and Universal Light, Life, Force, and Beauty, must to all impart, At once the Source, and End, and Test of Art. That Art is best which most resembles Her; Which still presides, yet never does Appear: In some fair Body thus the sprightly Soul With Spirits feeds, with Vigor fills the whole, Each Motion guides, and every Nerve sustains; It self unseen, but in the Effects, remains. There are whom Heaven has blessed with store of Wit, Yet want as much again to manage it; For Wit and Judgment ever are at strife, Though meant each other's Aid, like Man and Wife. It Is more to guide than spur the Muse's Steed; Restrain his Fury, than provoke his Speed; The winged Courser, like a generous Horse, Shows most true Mettle when you check his Course. Those RULES of old discovered, not devised, Are Nature still, but Nature Methodiz'd: Nature, like Monarchy, is but restrained By the same Laws which first herself ordained. First learned Greece just Precepts did indite, When to repress, and when indulge our Flight. High on Parnassus' Top her Sons she showed, And pointed out those arduous Paths they trod, Held from afar, aloft, the Immortal Prize, And urged the rest by equal Steps to rise. From great Examples useful Rules were given; She drew from them what they derived from Heaven. The generous Critic fanned the Poet's Fire, And taught the World, with Reason to Admire. Then Criticism the Muses Handmaid proved, To dress her Charms, and make her more beloved: But following Wits from that Intention strayed; Who could not win the Mistress, wooed the Maid, Set up themselves, and drove a separate Trade; Against the Poets their own Arms they turned, Sure to hate most the Men from whom they learned. So modern Pothecaries, taught the Art By Doctor's Bills to play the Doctor's Part, Bold in the Practice of mistaken Rules, Prescribe, apply, and call their Masters Fools. Some on the Leaves of ancient Authors prey, Nor Time nor Moths ever spoiled so much as they. Some dryly plain, without Invention's Aid, Write dull Receipts how Poems may be made. These lost the