AN ESSAY ON MAN. AN ESSAY on MAN, Being the FIRST BOOK of ETHIC EPISTLES. TO HENRY St. JOHN, L. BOLINGBROKE. GNOTHI SEAYTON (...) LONDON: Printed by JOHN WRIGHT, for LAWTON GILLIVER, MDCCXXXIV. THE DESIGN. HAVING proposed to write some Pieces on Human Life and Manners, such as (to use my Lord Bacon's expression) come home to Men's Business and Bosoms, I thought it more satisfactory to begin with considering Man in the Abstract, his Nature and his State: since to prove any moral Duty, to enforce any moral Precept, or to examine the Perfection or Imperfection of any Creature whatsoever, it is necessary first to know what Condition and Relation it is placed in, and what is the proper End and Purpose of its Being. The Science of Human Nature is, like all other Sciences, reduced to a few, clear Points: There are not many certain Truths in this World. It is therefore in the Anatomy of the Mind as in that of the Body; more Good will accrue to mankind by attending to the large, open, and perceptible parts, than by studying too much such finer nerves and vessels as will for ever escape our observation. The Disputes are all upon these last, and I will venture to say, they have less sharpened the Wits than the Hearts of Men against each other, and have diminished the Practice, more than advanced the Theory, of Morality. If I could flatter my self that this Essay has any Merit, it is in steering betwixt Doctrines seemingly opposite, in passing over Terms utterly un-intelligible, and in forming out of all a temperate yet not inconsistent, and a short yet not imperfect System of Ethics. This I might have done in Prose; but I chose Verse, and even Rhyme, for two reasons. The one will appear obvious; that Principles, Maxims, or Precepts so written, both strike the reader more strongly at first, and are more easily retained by him afterward. The other may seem odd but is true; I found I could express them more shortly this way than in Prose itself, and nothing is more certain than that much of the Force as well as Grace of Arguments or Instructions depends on their Conciseness. I was unable to treat this part of my subject more in detail, without becoming dry and tedious; or more poetically, without sacrificing Perspicuity to Ornament, without wandering from the Precision, or breaking the Chain of Reasoning. If any man can unite all these, without diminution of any of them, I freely confess he will compass a thing above my capacity. What is now published, is only to be considered as a general Map of MAN, marking out no more than the Greater Parts, their Extent, their Limits, and their Connection, but leaving the Particular to be more fully delineated in the Charts which are to follow. Consequently, these Epistles in their progress will become less dry, and more susceptible of Poetical Ornament. I am here only