common cause, Aiding a dubious and deficient sight With a new medium and a purer light. All truth is precious if not all divine, And what dilates the powers must needs refine, He reads the skies, and watching every change, Provides the faculties an ampler range, And wins mankind, as his attempts prevail, A proudcer station on the general scale. But reason still unless divinely taught, Whatever she learns, learns nothing as she ought; The lamp of revelation only, shows, What human wisdom cannot but oppose, That man in nature's richest mantle clad, And graced with all philosophy can add, Though fair without, and luminous within, Is still the progeny and heir of sin. Thus taught down falls the plumage of his pride, He feels his need of an unerring guide, And knows that falling he shall rise no more, Unless the power that bade him stand, restore. This is indeed philosophy; this known, Makes wisdom, worthy of the name, his own; And without this, whatever he discuss, Whether the space between the stars and us, Whether he measure earth, compute the sea, Weigh sunbeams, carve a fly, or spit a flea, The solemn trifler with his boasted skill Toils much, and is a solemn trifler still, Blind was he born, and his misguided eyes Grown dim in trifling studies, blind he dies. Self-knowledge truly learned, of course implies The rich possession of a nobler prize, For self to self, and God to man revealed, (Two themes to nature's eye for ever sealed) Are taught by rays that fly with equal pace From the same center of enlight'ning-grace. Here stay thy foot, how copious and how clear The overflowing well of Charity springs here! Hark! it is the music of a thousand rills, Some through the groves, some down the sloping hills, Winding a secret or an open course, And all supplied from an eternal source. The ties of nature do but feebly bind, And commerce partially reclaims mankind, Philosophy without his heavenly guide, May blow up self-conceit and nourish pride, But while his province is the reasoning part, Has still a veil of midnight on his heart: It Is truth divine exhibited on earth, Gives Charity her being and her birth. Suppose (when thought is warm and fancy flows, What will not argument sometimes suppose) An isle possessed by creatures of our kind, Endued with reason, yet by nature blind. Let supposition lend her aid once more, And land some grave optician on the shore, He claps his lens, if happily they may see, Close to the part where vision ought to be, But finds that though his tubes assist the sight, They cannot give it, or make darkness light. He reads wise lectures, and describes aloud A sense they know not, to the wondering crowd, He talks of light and the prismatic hues, As men of depth in erudition use, But all he gains for his harangue is -- Well -- What monstrous lies some travelers will tell.