the Elements or leading Precepts of the LAW ETERNAL. The remainder of the Tract consists in a recital and application of such general Maxims as must be allowed, by all persons of Common Sense, to be THE NECESSARY CONCLUSIONS OF REASON, and are therefore to be esteemed LAWS OF NATURE, such as no Power on Earth can have any authority to counter act; and the said general Maxims or Rules of Reason and natural Law are accordingly by our Law writers, with great propriety, esteemed the, first Foundation of the English Law Primum Fundamentum Legis Angliae est LEX RATIONIS, etc. Quae in hoc Regno, sicut in omnibus aliis Regnis, ubique tenentur. Doct. et Stud. c. 5. p. 214. There is indeed an inferior order of Maxims (though yet of very great authority) which arise from general customs and the approved ancient determinations of the Courts of Law; and these form, what is called, THE FOURTH foundation of the English Law; though they may be ranked (as the Author of Doctor and Student informs us) with the general ancient customs ON THE THIRD foundation. -- Si quis tamen pro uno solo fundamento ea (meaning the general customs, and the several maxims arising therefrom) censeri judicaverit, ad placitum suum, ea pro uno tantum fundamento compotare potest, et tune secundum illum quinque fundamenta (for otherwise he reckons six in in all) Legis Angliae tantum assignari debent. Doct. et Stud. c. 8. p. 28. But as the true meaning of the said inferior Maxims is not obvious to people in general, like those belonging to the first foundation, it is happy for us that they are not necessary to be known by any persons who do not profess the Law; neither, indeed, can they be known without great study and labor, of which we are well apprised by the learned Author of Doctor and Student. Haec vero maxima solum in Curiis Regiis, five inter Legis Angliae peritos noscuntur, nec leviter absque magno studio in legibus Angliae habendo cogno^ci possunt. Ideo pro separabilibus fundamentis ponuntur. Ibid. . It is on these incontrovertible and plain MAXIMS, these necessary Conclusions of REASON, that the following Declaration is founded; and therefore, as we are warned also by the revealed Laws of God not to do evil, that good may come The Apostle Paul has delivered a most tremendous warning to those wretched Politicians, who (...) the baneful Doctrine -- Let us do EVIL that GOOD may come; for he immediately adds, -- WHOSE DAMNATION (says he) IS JUST, Romans iii. 8. If those persons, who contend for the ABSOLUTE NECESSITY of Bribery, Pensions, and other UNDUE means of parliamentary Influence for the carrying on public Business, would carefully consider the said warning, they would have just reason to be alarmed on account of their own personal danger, for having promoted such a baneful and destructive principle! , every reasonable Man must necessarily admit, that Good and Evil, Right and Wrong, Justice and Iniquity, can never change their real