properties through the supposed NECESSITY of any political Measures whatsoever, and that nothing but Justice and Righteousness can ever establish the Throne Take away the Wicked from before the King, and his Throne shall be established in Righteousness. Prove. xxv. 5. It is only against some particular Opinions and evil Council, and not against the Persons of those who may have promoted the same, that I mean to apply this excellent proverb: The real intentions of such Men, though erroneous, may have been as sincere as my own; and I therefore protest, that my earnest wish is to promote a change of opinions and measures, rather than of persons, since those, who are once convinced of their former mistakes, may hereafter prove more useful Servants to the public than others perhaps, whose abilities and conduct are yet untried. of our most gracious Sovereign, for whose Peace, and real Happiness, both temporal and eternal, there is not a more sincere well-wisher amongst all his Subjects, (notwithstanding the freedom of the follow-Declaration,) than GRANVILLE SHARP. A DECLARATION OF THE People's Natural Right to a Share in the Legislature, etc. AN accurate and critical knowledge of Law (such as can only be acquired by much reading and long experience in the profession) is indeed a necessary qualification for those persons who undertake to deliver their opinions concerning the nicer and more difficult questions of jurisprudence; but, when the Natural Rights of any of our fellow subjects are apparently at stake, every man has a right to judge for himself, and to declare his sentiments, as far as plain conclusions of reason and common-sense will fairly warrant; and such only are referred to in the following Declaration of the Natural Right of popular Representation in the legislature. Amongst all the rights and privileges appertaining unto us, (said that truly noble lawyer, Lord Summers,) Judgment of whole Kingdoms, etc. p. 14. . that of having a Share in the Legislation, and being to be governed by such laws as we ourselves shall choose, is the most fundamental and essential, as well as the most advantageous and beneficial, etc. And as all British subjects, whether in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Colonies, are equally free by the law of Nature, they certainly are equally entitled to the same Natural Rights that are essential for their own preservation; because this privilege of having a share in the legislation is not merely a British Right, peculiar to this island, but it is also a Natural Right, which cannot, without the most flagrant and stimulating injustice, be withdrawn from any part of the British Empire by any worldly authority whatsoever; because, by the natural Law, whereunto he [ALMIGHTY GOD] has made all subject, (says the learned Hooker,) Hooker's Ecclesiastical Polity, lib. 1,. 10, p. 87. the lawful power of making laws, to command whole politic societies of men, belongs so properly unto the same entire societies, that for any Prince or Potentate, of what kind soever upon earth, to