case we admit such a Compact to have been the original Foundation of Civil Government; it must even on that Supposition be held Sacred and Inviolable. XXIII. Or Secondly, it is meant that Subjects have contracted with their respective Sovereigns or Legislators, to pay, not an absolute, but conditional and limited Submission to their Laws, that is, upon Condition, and so far forth, as the Observation of them shall contribute to the public Good: Reserving still to themselves a Right of Superintending the Laws, and Judging whether they are fitted to promote the public Good or no. And (in case they or any of them think it needful) of Resisting the higher Powers, and changing the whole Frame of Government by Force; which is a Right that all Mankind, whether single Persons or Societies, have over those that are deputed by them. But in this Sense a Contract cannot be admitted for the Ground and Measure of civil Obedience, except one of these two Things be clearly shown: Either, First, That such a Contract is an express known Part of the Fundamental Constitution of a Nation, equally allowed and unquestioned by all as the common Law of the Land. Or, Secondly, If it be not express, that it is at least necessarily implied in the very Nature or Notion of Civil Polity, which supposes it is a thing manifestly absurd, that a Number of Men should be obliged to live under an unlimited Subjection to Civil Law, rather than continue wild and independent of each other. But to me it seems most evident, that neither of those Points will ever be proved. XXIV. And till they are proved beyond all Contradiction, the Doctrine built upon them, ought to be rejected with Detestation. Since to represent the Higher Powers as Deputies of the People, manifestly tends to diminish that Awe and Reverence, which all good Men should have for the Laws and Government of their Country. And to speak of a conditioned, limited Loyalty, and I know not what vague and undetermined Contracts, is a most effectual Means to loosen the Bands of Civil Society; than which nothing can be of more mischievous Consequence to Mankind. But after all, if there be any Man, who either cannot or will not see the Absurdity and perniciousness of those Notions, he would, I doubt not, be convinced with a Witness, in case they should once become current, and every private Man take it in his Head to believe them true, and put them in practice. XXV. But there still remains an Objection, which has the Appearance of some Strength against what has been said. Namely, That whereas Civil Polity is a thing entirely of human Institution, it seems contrary to Reason, to make Submission to it part of the Law of Nature, and not rather of the Civil Law. For how can it be imagined that Nature should dictate or prescribe a natural Law about a thing, which depends on the Arbitrary Humor