people, of all degrees, and occupations -- ay, and of both sexes -- that is not very unnatural, I believe -- there shall be very good company too, I assure you; high life below stairs, as I call it, ha, ha, ha! you take me -- a double edge -- no boys play -- rip and tear -- the times require it -- forte -- fortissime -- PATENT. Will Not it be too forte? -- Take care, Mr. Glib, not to make it so much above proof that the boxes cannot taste it -- Take care of empty boxes. AUTHOR. Empty boxes! -- I Will engage that my Cerberus alone shall fill the boxes for a month. PATENT. Cerberus! AUTHOR. Be quiet a little -- You know, I suppose, that Cerberus is a dog, and has three heads? PATENT. I have heard as much. AUTHOR. Then you shall see some sport -- He shall be a comical dog too, I warrant you -- ha, ha, ha! PATENT. What, is Cerberus a character in your performance? AUTHOR. Capital, capital -- I have thrown all my fancy and invention into his mouth, or rather mouths -- there are three of 'em, you know. PATENT. Most certainly, if there are three heads. AUTHOR. Poh, that is nothing to what I have in petto for you -- Observe me now -- when Orpheus comes to the gates of hell -- Cerberus stops him -- but how, how -- now for it -- guess -- PATENT. Upon my soul I cannot guess. AUTHOR. I make his three heads sing a trio. PATENT. A Trio! AUTHOR. A trio! I knew I should hit you -- a trio, treble, tenor and bass -- and what shall they sing? nothing in the world but, Bow, wow, wow! -- Orpheus begins -- O bark not, Cerberus, nor grin -- A stranger sure to pass within, Your goodness will allow? Bow, wow, wow -- Treble, tenor and bass -- Then Orpheus shall tickle his lyre, and treble, tenor and bass, shall fall asleep by degrees, and one after another, fainter and fainter -- Bow, wow, wow -- fast -- You understand me? PATENT. Very ingenious, and very new -- I hope the critics will understand it. AUTHOR. I will make every body understand it, or my name is not Derry down Glib -- When I write the whole town shall understand me -- You understand me? PATENT. Not very clearly, Sir -- but it is no matter -- Here Is your company. Enter Sir TOBY, Lady FUN, Sir MACARONI VIRTU, and Miss FUZ. AUTHOR. Ladies and Gentlemen, you do me honor; Mr. Patent -- Sir Toby and Miss Fuz, and this Sir Macaroni Virtu -- [All bow and curtsey. Sir Toby, one of the managers. [Introducing Patent. Sir TOBY. I am one of the managers most humble and obedient. AUTHOR. I take it as a most particular compliment, Sir Macaroni, that you would attend my trifle at so early an