great Sins; and the Text is Eliphaz his Counsel to Job under this Character; and so is suitable Advice to those that are under Sickness, or great Afflictions, and that are under the Guilt of great Sins. Acquaint thy self with him, and be at peace, thereby Good shall come unto thee. The Words are a Doctrine for the Soul under a Sense of its lost Condition, with a Promise very comfortable upon the embracing thereof. The Doctrine is, Acquaint thy self with him, and be at Peace. The Promise: Thereby Good shall come unto thee. These Words, Be at peace, may be referred either to the former, as an addition to the Doctrine; Be at peace, that is, keep your selves in a quiet Submission to the Hand of God; or to the latter, and so, Be at peace, is as much as, Peace shall be to thee. In the Doctrine we are to consider the Act, and Object. The Act, Acquaint. The Object is God. DOCTRINE. So that the Doctrine is, To enter into acquaintance with God. This Proposition stands forth to the view of every Eye, that it is the Duty of Man to be acquainted with God. Now the first thing that is before us to enquire after, is, What this Acquaintance with God is. Secondly, to evidence and clear it to be the Duty of Man to acquaint himself with God. Acquaintance with God implies several things. 1. It signifies a full and determinate Knowledge of this Truth, that there is a God, and so to know him, as to his Nature, distinct from all other Beings. There is a threefold Knowledge of God. 1. A Rational. 2. A Natural. 3. A Supernatural. First, there is a Rational Knowledge of God, which is a clear Discovery of an Almighty, All-sufficient Cause of all things, which is attained by a reasonable discussing Power of the Soul, which argues from things that are visible and sensible, to an invisible and self-principled Cause of all things. Man found himself brought into the World furnished with an innumerable Variety of Creatures, and none of these having Power to make it self; we see likewise such an accurate Order in every particular Creature, and in all the Creatures one with another, that we cannot but see clearly that there is a Supreme Almighty Cause of all things, who has by his Power brought forth all things into Being; who is likewise the most wise Agent, who by his unsearchable Wisdom has curiously framed every Creature, and by his wonderful Counsel has set them in such an order, that they all serve one another, till at length they all meet in Man, as in the common Center. Secondly, there is a Natural Knowledge of God, which is the inward Touch, and mental Sensation of a Surpeam Righteous Judge, to whose Trial we feel our selves under an unavoidable Bond, in doing Good and Evil. This is that which is commonly called