exercise of the rational faculties. Writers upon law are too much confined in their views: their works, calculated for lawyers only, are involved in a cloud of obscure words and terms of art, a language perfectly unknown except to those of the profession. Thus it happens, that the knowledge of law, like the hidden mysteries of some ancient deity, is confined to its votaries; as if others were in duty bound to blind and implicit submission. But such superstition, whatever unhappy progress it may have made in religion, never can prevail in law: men who have life or fortune at stake, take the liberty to think for themselves; and are not less ready to accuse judges for legal oppression, than others for private violence or wrong. Ignorance of law has in this respect a most unhappy effect: we all regard with partiality our own interest; and it requires knowledge not less than candor, to resist the thought of being treated unjustly when a court pronounces against us. Thus peevishness and discontent arise, and are vented against the judges of the land. This, in a free government, is a dangerous and infectious spirit, to remedy* which we cannot be too solicitous. Knowledge of those rational principles upon which law is founded I venture to suggest, as a remedy not less efficacious than palatable. Were such knowledge universally spread, judges who adhere to rational principles, and who, with superior understanding, can reconcile law to common sense, would be revered by the whole society. The fame of their integrity, supported by men of parts and reading, would descend to the lowest of the people; a thing devoutly to be wished! Nothing tends more to sweeten the temper, than a conviction of impartiality in judges; by which we hold ourselves secure against every insult or wrong. By this means, peace and concord in society are promoted, and individuals are finely disciplined to submit with equal deference to all other acts of legal authority. Integrity is not the only duty required in a judge: to behave so as to make every one rely upon his integrity, is a duty not less essential. Deeply impressed with these notions, the author dedicates his work to every lover of science; and has endeavored to explain his subject in a manner that requires in the reader no peculiar knowledge of municipal law. In that view he has avoided terms of art; not indeed with a scrupulous nicety, which might look like affectation, but so, he hopes, as that with the help of a law-dictionary, what he says may easily be apprehended. ORDER, a beauty in every composition, is essential in a treatise of equity, which comprehends an endless variety of matter. To avoid obscurity and confusion, we must, with the strictest accuracy, bring under one view things intimately connected, and handle separately things unconnected, or but slightly connected. Two great principles, justice and utility, govern the proceedings of a court of equity; and every matter that belongs to that