never just. This was your language. You reprobated those accommodating rules by which I endeavored to obtain happiness; and urged arguments that made a deep impression upon me. Now that self-interest gives you an impulse, are your principles become as pliant as mine; which you so seriously reproved?" I paused, and then replied -- "I imagine you take some delight in having found an opportunity of retorting upon me; and of laughing at what you still consider as folly." "Indeed you mistake. I hope by reminding you of your own doctrine to induce you to put it in practice. The virtue that consists only in words is but a vapor." "Surely you will allow this is an extreme if not a doubtful case. I do not mean to commence an action, till I have considered it very seriously: but I presume you do not require infallibility of me? Or, if you do, it is what I cannot expect from myself. I have frequently been led to doubt whether principles the most indubitable must not bend to the mistakes and institutions of society. This doubt is to me the most painful that can cross the mind: but it is one from which I cannot wholly escape." "Your tone I find is greatly altered. How strenuous, how firm, how founded, were all your maxims; when last we met." "And so, I am persuaded, the maxims of truth will always remain." "Then why depart from them? Another of them, which I likewise recollect to have heard from you, is that the laws which pretend to regulate property, whether by will, entail, or any other descent, are all unjust: for that effects of all kinds should be so appropriated as to produce the greatest good." "I do not see how that can be denied. But this is strongly to the point in my favor, as I suppose: for the institutes of society render the application of the principle impracticable; and therefore I think the property may have a greater chance of being applied to a good purpose, if allotted to me, than if retained by this Wakefield; whose vices are extraordinary." "You believe him to be a man of some talent?" "All that know him affirm his understanding would be of the first order, were it worthily employed." "Then would it not be a good application of the property in contest, if it should both enable and induce him so to employ his understanding?" "Oh, of that there is no hope." How do you know? I believe you have thought the same of me: but you may chance to be mistaken. And now I will tell you a secret. I am in the very predicament of this Wakefield. A relation is dead, who has left his property away from me: by what right is more than I can discover; at least in the spirit of those laws which pretend to regulate such matters: for their spirit is force. Lands wrested from the helpless they