plan; and I am hopeful, that beside instruction, it will contribute to recreation, which, in abstract studies, is no less necessary than pleasant. SKETCH I. Principles and Progress of REASON. SECTION I. PRINCIPLES OF REASON. EVERY affirmation whatever be the subject, is termed a proposition. Truth and error are qualities of propositions. A proposition that says a thing is what it is in reality, is termed a true proposition. A proposition that says a thing is what it is not in reality, is termed an erroneous proposition. Our knowledge of what is agreeable and disagreeable in objects is derived from the sense of beauty, handled in Elements of Criticism. Our knowledge of right and wrong in actions, is derived from the moral sense, to be handled in the sketch immediately following. Our knowledge of truth and error is derived from various sources. Our external senses are one source of knowledge: they lay open to us external subjects, their qualities, their actions, with events produced by these actions. The internal senses are another source of knowledge: they lay open to us things passing in the mind; thinking, for example, deliberating, inclining, resolving, willing, consenting, and other actions; and they also lay open to us our emotions and passions. There is a sense by which we perceive the truth of many propositions; such as, That every thing which begins to exist, must have a cause; That every effect adapted to some end or purpose, proceeds from a designing cause; and, That every effect adapted to a good end or purpose, proceeds from a designing and benevolent cause. A multitude of axioms in every science, particularly in mathematics, are perceived to be equally true. By a peculiar sense, of which afterward, we know that there is a Deity. By another sense we know, that the external signs of passion are the same in all men; that animals of the same external appearance, are of the same species; and that animals of the same species, have the same properties Book 1. sketch 1. . By another sense we see into futurity: we know that the sun will rise tomorrow; that the earth will perform its wonted course round the sun; that winter and summer will follow each other in succession; that a stone dropped from the hand will fall to the ground; and a thousand other such propositions. There are many propositions, the truth of which is not so apparent: a process of reasoning is necessary, of which afterward. Human testimony is another source of knowledge. So framed are we by nature, as to rely on human testimony; by which we are informed of beings, attributes, and events, that never came under any of our senses. The knowledge that is derived from the sources mentioned, is of different kinds. In some cases, our knowledge includes absolute certainty, and produces the highest degree of conviction: in other cases, probability comes in place of certainty, and the conviction is inferior in degree. Knowledge of the latter