bound to direct every action to the good of the whole, and not to prefer his own interest to that of others. The celebrated lord Shaftesbury goes so far as not to admit of any thing like partial benevolence; holding, that if it is not entire, and directed to the whole species, it is not benevolence at all. It is not difficult to assign a cause for such difference in opinion; though it may appear strange, that authors should differ so widely upon a subject, which every man ought to be acquainted with, because the subject is his own constitution. There is nothing more common in philosophy, as well as in life and action, than to build castles in the air. Impatient of the slow and cold method of induction, we fly to systems, which every writer takes the liberty of framing, according to his own taste and fancy. Fond of the fabric which he himself has erected, it is far from his thoughts to subject it to examination, by trying whether it will stand the test of stubborn facts. Men of narrow minds and contracted principles, naturally fall in with the selfish system. The system of universal benevolence attracts the generous and warm-hearted. In the midst of various and opposite opinions, the purpose of this essay is to search for truth by the patient method of induction; and, after what is above laid down, it will not be difficult to find it. LET us only recapitulate, that the principles of action furnish motives to action, and that the moral sense is given as an instructor to regulate our actions, to enforce one motive, to restrain another, and to prefer one to another, when they are in competition. Hence the laws of nature may be defined to be rules of our conduct and behavior, founded on natural principles, approved of by the moral sense, and enforced by natural rewards and punishments. IN searching for these laws, it must be obvious, that we may safely indulge every principle of action, where the action is not disapproved of by the moral sense, and that we ought to perform every action which the moral sense informs us to be our duty. From this short proposition, may be readily deduced all the laws of nature which govern human actions. Though, in the present essay, the duty which a man owes to himself, where others are not concerned, is not comprehended. AND, with regard to our general principles of action, self-preservation being the leading principle, it is hard to say, that any means, strictly speaking, are unlawful, to attain that end. If two men in a ship-wreck get hold at the same instant of a plank, which is not bulky enough to support both, it is lawful for the one to thrust off the other, in order to save his own life. This action is not condemned by the moral sense: It is not attended with any feeling of wrong. In like manner, it is