nature in the tables of our own hearts, where some things are disordered by passion, many more are written by interest; some are indicted by custom, and others imprinted by education; and amongst several men these are the authors of contrary inscriptions; I say, if we have no better director than this, whereby to square our actions, we shall find ourselves at a loss for the managing our behavior in some of the weightiest concerns of life. The inscriptions of passion, interest, and custom, etc, are not those original impressions which are still legible, and sufficiently distinguishable by a candid and inquisitive mind. The law of nature, abstractedly considered, is still what Bp. Cumberland calls it. That obnoxiousness to error from which men of the brightest parts, and the greatest professional abilities, are not exempt, is to writers in general at once an encouraging and an humbling circumstance. The corruption of human reason, and the ignorance and error incident to our understandings, has, says a most excellent author, given manifold occasion for the benign interposition of Divine Providence, which in compassion to the frailty, the imperfection, and the blindness of human reason, has been pleased at sundry times, and in diverse manners, to discover and enforce its laws by an immediate and direct Revelation. The doctrines thus delivered we call the revealed or Divine law, and they are to be found only in the Scriptures. These precepts when revealed are found upon comparison to be really a part of the original law of nature, as they tend in all their consequences to man's felicity. But we are not from hence to conclude, that the knowledge of these truths was attainable by reason in its present corrupted state; since we find that, until they were revealed, they were hid from the wisdom of ages. As then the moral precepts of this law are indeed of the same original with those of the law of nature, so their intrinsic obligation is of equal strength and perpetuity. Yet undoubtedly the revealed law is of infinitely more authenticity than that moral system which is framed by ethical writers, and denominated the natural law. Because one is the law of nature, expressly declared so to be by God himself; the other is only what, by the assistance of human reason, we imagine to be that law. If we could be as certain of the latter as we are of the former, both would have an equal authority; but till then they can never be put in any competition. Municipal law is a rule of civil conduct. This distinguishes municipal law from the natural, or revealed; the former of which is the rule of moral conduct, and the latter not only the rule of moral conduct, but also the rule of faith. See Commen. on the Laws of England. Sect. 2. p. 42. These periods seem to have slipped from the pen. The Scriptures are the Revelation of divine or supernatural truths, but of the original