the face of the living, and the most modest of them are but robbers of the dead. This imposition on the public, however, is nothing new among us, for our fathers and grandfathers have labored under the same grievance, before us. Let us but look back into the amass of literature, for half a century past, and we shall hardly meet with any thing new, except the type, ink, and paper. Nothing but former writings dressed up again, and republished. No work of genius, no useful discovery; except the hardy, but ingenious attack upon Longinus, and one or two attempts toward discovering the Longitude, at sea, if demonstrated. What are Gassendi's, or any of the modern treatises on morals, but extracts, or paraphrases on the Enchiridion, on Seneca, or Tully? Or Derham's physics, but compilations, or compendiums of Galileo, Boil, Descartes, or Newton? Works of learning, and labor, indeed, but not of talents, or genius. A person well grounded in a college course, has, at present, nothing new to read, except a very few writings of wit, or humor; and yet, books are printed, or rather reprinted, every day, which but vary or transpose the pages written in former centuries; and only serve to puzzle and obstruct all science, by opening different avenues to the same point, and by inducing students to imagine the Encyclopoedia to be more tedious, and difficult, than in reality it is. In fine, we may venture to pronounce that the wisest man, even at present, as was once said by a learned ancient, is he who has read the fewest books -- provided he has but chosen them well. For learning, beyond certain limits, but dulls the genius, confounds the intellect, and multiplies study, without increasing knowledge. If an ingenious society of men would take the trouble of making a critical review of the Mega Biblion, or tautology of learning, and reduce it all into a digest, I dare affirm that the whole compass of science, physical, philosophical, theological, political, metaphysical, and moral; taking in the classics and poetics, in all languages; with all history that is worth reading, for knowledge, style, or observation, would not compose a library exceeding the purchase of fifty pounds; and the whole study might be comprehended, within a seven years college course. But then indeed, I shall confess that there must be an entire reform also, among the professors in each several branch, with regard to their present prolix method of instruction. For the proverb of ars longa should be more properly changed to artifices lenti And the rapid progress which some extraordinary, and uneducated persons have been reported to have made in the arts and sciences, might have been owing to their having instructed themselves more by reason, than by rule. Nor would this scheme be of the least disadvantage to the world in general; for though some laborious dunces might by this means, perhaps, want bread, unless much better employed in sowing and reaping it, yet the