Flames, with the Hand of their Author, before I had published them. But, on the contrary, I hoped they might agreeably entertain my Valetudinarian, who being placed by his low Health, in the middle State, between both Worlds, the old and the new, must unavoidably, at some times, figure to himself some sort of a Map of the next World. I was therefore willing to try to illuminat it, the best I could, and to trace some of the Out-lines of the Passages from this to that Mansion; by endeavoring to illustrat, from not so common a Set of Principles and Philosophy, some great and fundamental Truths, established on more popular Proofs, viz. that there is no Possibility of Happiness here or hereafter, without Purity of Heart and Life; and that the true Reason of the present Darkness, both in Providence and Revelation, is the Difficulty of recovering this Purity of Heart and Life, to its utmost Perfection, in free lapsed Intelligences, consistent with their Liberty, and the Harmony of the Divine Attributes, which infinite Power and Wisdom will not, I might say, cannot, counter act. 5. I apprehend less Quarter from the opposite Set of Men, who may honor me with Enthusiasm, Romanceing, and Castle-building, without any solid Foundation. All I have to say is, that perhaps my Manner of explaining some great and fundamental Truths, and a few of the Consequences I draw by my Method, may be defective: And perhaps, from some of the Links being dropped, and from Faults in the wording, the Chain of the Reasoning may not be always clear and strong; but I am sure the Foundation is solid and just, and allowed to be such by all true Philosophers; and without it, all general and abstracted Reasoning (on these imperceptible Subjects) must be vain; I mean, without admitting Analogy: For without supposing the Evidence and Probability of it, (it being in Things only, what Proportion is in Numbers, and its Progressions being only like the higher and subsequent Terms of a Series in Algebra, from some of the first and simplest Terms being given) no general Laws, nor universal Propositions, can be found out, in Mathematics, Philosophy, or Morality. For Induction, either in Experiment, Observation, or Calculation, must be always particular and limited. Perhaps the Method, when managed by a clearer Head, and a more solid Judgment, may become a noble Source of divine Knowledge, and a sublime Philosophy. Mathematicians well know, that there are several different Methods of investigating the same Propositions in Algebra and Geometry; and there is scarce a Geometer, but has his own Method of Investigation. The same Conclusions, drawn from different demonstrated Truths, give a sensible Pleasure, and a stronger Conviction, to an honest Heart, and a Lover of Truth; and I could not but be delighted with the Universality, Simplicity, and Luminousness of the Method of Analogy, and the other Principles I have laid down in the following Discourses, not having met with an Objection, Difficulty,