Means, which have a natural and necessary Tendency and Fitness for these Ends. If these Means be not seen by us, or being in some measure seen, may seem not to attain their Ends, it is because, being finite lapsed Creatures, our narrow Capacities cannot reach them, or because all the Conditions requisite to make them effectual, were not present in a particular Case; for infinite Wisdom must act uniformly, with Order, Number, Weight and Measure; all which, nothing but general Laws and Canons can effect, as is well known to Geometers, and plainly exemplified in the universal Canons of Algebra. If these general Laws be duly investigated, cautiously guarded, and all the necessary Conditions be taken in, they can never fail of obtaining their End and Effect; unless infinite Wisdom and Power suspend them for a limited Time, to manifest his Power, or for moral Ends and Purposes; or unless they are kept from attaining their natural Ends directly, by the voluntary and free Agency of imperfect human Intelligences. . 14. THE only Thing worthy of a true Philosopher is, with Attention, to draw up and collect as many as he possibly can, of these general Laws of the Divine Agency in the natural, moral, and intellectual World, for his own Use, or that of his Fellow-Intelligences. For without all Doubt they must be some few of the most obvious of the Laws of infinite Wisdom, laid down as the Plan, by which all his Works of Wonder were at first formed, and are still governed: And though in Him all this great Affair was but one single Act of Wisdom and Power, yet in regard to us his infinitesimal Miniatures, now in a lapsed State, they must be considered by Parts, in different Acts, and divided Sections, and viewed separately, in Proportion to our weak and limited Faculties: For certainly general Laws, and universal Rules, are the Method of Divine Agency, and of his wise Providence. . 15. THE general Laws of Motion, the Laws of simple Mechanism, the Laws of Refraction and Reflection, and many more such general Laws, both in natural Philosophy, civil Society, and human Policy, are pretty well known and adjusted, in all the polished Nations of the World; and it is not improbable such general Laws may obtain in other Systems, at least analogically: and they actually do so, as far as our Observation reaches. And it is very probable that similar and analogous general Laws, have place in the moral, spiritual and intellectual World. For God is the same Yesterday, Today, and for Ever; his Nature, Attributes, and Agency, uniform: And since he acts by general Laws in material Agency, it is highly probable, and conformable to his infinite Wisdom, to act in the same uniform Manner in all his Operations, ad extra; and, as far as just Observations have been made, and well-grounded Conclusions drawn by Analogy, we shall find it so in all the Systems, Moral, Spiritual or Divine; though