numbers, geometry, mechanics, to all, in the easiest and most direct manner; these you will find applicable to many and essential uses. Then teach them the nature of things, verbally and experimentally, in the shortest manner, always with a view to utility, as well as to satisfy curiosity. In all these you will find the experience and discoveries of the European nations of infinite use to you, and from them your wise men who travel will extract and abridge many useful things. Exercise and form the judgment of youth as early as practicable; in this you will find numbers and geometry of great utility. Preserve the utmost freedom in speaking and writing, and you will improve in both, and in every faculty, science, and institution. Nor must you neglect the early knowledge and practice of poetry and music. These are the language of the heart, as words form that of the head or understanding. You have long experienced the pleasure, the sentiments which they inspire, and begin to perceive how greatly they may yet be improved and heightened; indeed they may probably be applied to great moral purposes. "Though you very wisely preserve your habits of war and discipline, as far as practicable in peace, beware of going to war, or of conquering more territory; for you have already sufficient, with cultivation, to maintain ten times your present numbers. Perhaps you had better give up part of it, and come to live nearer together, extending again by degrees as you increase. You would then more effectually assist, enlighten, and improve each other. "A perfect equality will now be more impracticable than ever. You must differ in rank, estimation, and influence, according to your different degrees of merit, abilities, industry, and riches; and then by birth. Only guard against the two great and dangerous inequalities, which you will find sufficiently difficult: -- it may be partly accomplished perhaps by limiting and dividing inheritances; and by marking well the bounds of the powers you give. No one must have power over another more than you may please by the laws to grant, taking care that even that be always the least that will answer the purpose. Some public festivals might perhaps be instituted to good effect, with certain ceremonies, amusements, and exercises, that might serve, among other purposes, to put you frequently in mind of your original and natural equality, in imitation of some former wise nations. The inculcating, by a frequent revival, this sense of original equality, is perhaps among the best effects of your religion and religious festivals. "The third, and I had almost said your most important care, will be to regulate the connection between the sexes. "On visiting other countries for information, you will find a great variety of opinions, of laws and institutions on this matter; and will find the oldest and wisest nations as if at a loss how to consider the sex, in what rank to place, or how to employ them. You yourselves have