power from doing harm sometimes; you will be shown the methods hitherto practiced for that purpose, upon which you may improve. "Your laws of succession and inheritance, and of transferring property, must be well considered, and carefully preserved from becoming intricate and complicated, to which they will be subject as you improve. In most cases of doubt or dispute, an arbitration of neighbors properly chosen, will at once serve to settle the case, and show you the best way of forming such bodies to judge of your differences and offenses, to improve your police, arts, regulations, etc. "It is of great importance to fix in time the mode of succession and inheritance, and especially the succession of your chiefs. The plainest and easiest, you will probably find to be that by birth and primogeniture; and you will have an equal chance of getting as good chiefs in this way as in any other, especially if you take proper precautions in their education when young, and have their duties marked out by fixed laws and forms when in years, and in office. "How much of your property must be taken for the use of the public, for the good of the whole, you will be able in time to discover. It will vary with your situation, character, and improvements: hence avoid granting too much, or for too long a time. The honest and vigilant administration or expenditure of the public money, is perhaps one of the most difficult tasks in society, and hence highly meritorious: render it not more difficult by the want of order; diminish the temptations and opportunities to fraud, by controls and rotation. "You must travel, and learn from other nations, taking advantage of their superior knowledge and experience. With some of those you will do well to keep up a constant communication and friendship, but without catching their follies and vices. You may learn as much by their errors, as by imitating their wiser institutions; but you may learn some useful arts, the cultivation of more plants of utility, the use of more tame animals, and of some other metals besides your iron and copper. From the nations whence these come, you may get others, and may learn other useful arts; but you must imitate them wit^ great caution in their complicated system^ of laws, politics, learning, religion; in their notions of good and evil, of virtues an^ vices. From their numerous, perplexing and idle books on these subjects, your wis^ men may be able to select some few goo^ things; from a hundred volumes may perhaps be extracted one or two fit for you. "You will probably find that those wis^ and polished nations in Europe have gone the oftenest and farthest wrong in the things that concern them most, as in their religious, and in much of their civil policy; and in their ideas and regulations concerning women, and the connection of the sexes. "In the first, they have too frequently permitted the fearful and