and evident, it should be first considered in order to cast a Light on the other. To trace things from their Original, it seems that the Humane Mind, naturally furnished with the Ideas of things particular and concrete, and being designed, not for the bare Intuition of Ideas, but for Action or Operation about them, and pursuing her own Happiness therein, stands in need of certain general Rules or Theorems to direct her Operations in this pursuit; the supplying which Want is the true, original, reasonable End of studying the Arts and Sciences. Now these Rules being general, it follows, that they are not to be obtained by the mere Consideration of the original Ideas, or particular Things, but by the means of Marks or Signs, which, being so far forth universal, become the immediate Instruments and Materials of Science. It is not therefore by mere Contemplation of particular Things, and much less of their abstract general Ideas, that the Mind makes her Progress, but by an apposite Choice and skilful Management of Signs: For Instance, Force and Number, taken in concrete with there Adjuncts, Subjects, and Signs, are what every one knows; and considered in abstract, so as making precise Ideas of themselves, they are what no Body can comprehend. That their abstract Nature, therefore, is not the Foundation of Science, is plain: And that barely considering their Ideas in concrete, is not the Method to advance in the respective Sciences, is what every one that reflects may see; nothing being more evident, than that one who can neither write nor read, in common Use understands the meaning of Numeral Words, as well as the best Philosopher or Mathematician. XV. But here lies the Difference: the one, who understands the Notation of Numbers, by means thereof is able to express briefly and distinctly all the Variety and Degrees of Number, and to perform with ease and dispatch several arithmetical Operations, by the help of general Rules. Of all which Operations as the Use in Humane Life is very evident, so it is no less evident, that the performing them depends on the aptness of the Notation. If we suppose rude Mankind without the Use of Language, it may be presumed, they would be ignorant of Arithmetic: But the Use of Names, by the Repetition whereof in a certain Order they might express endless Degrees of Number, would be the first Step toward that Science. The next Step would be, to devise proper Marks of a permanent Nature, and visible to the Eye, the Kind and Order whereof must be chose with Judgment, and accommodated to the Names. Which Marking, or Notation, would, in Proportion as it was apt and regular, facilitate the Invention and Application of general Rules, to assist the Mind in reasoning, and judging, in extending, recording, and communicating its Knowledge about Numbers: in which Theory and Operations, the Mind is immediately occupied about the Signs or Notes, by Mediation of which it is directed to act