Watermen, Porters, and the Assemblies of Rabble in the Streets, have arrived at a profound Knowledge of Humane Nature, and made great Discoveries about the Principles, Springs, and Motives of moral Actions. These have demolished the received Systems, and done a world of good in the City. ALC. I tell you we have Men of all Sorts and Professions, plodding Citizens, thriving Stockjobbers, skilful Men in Business, polite Courtiers, gallant Men of the Army; but our chief Strength and Flower of the Flock are those promising young Men who have the Advantage of a modern Education. These are the growing Hopes of our Sect, by whose Credit and Influence in a few Years we expect to see those great things accomplished that we have in view. EUPH. I could never have imagined your Sect so considerable. ALC. There are in England many honest Folk as much in the dark about these matters as your selves. XII. To judge of the prevailing Opinion among People of fashion, by what a Senator says in the House, a Judge upon the Bench, or a Priest in the Pulpit, who all speak according to Law, that is, to the reverend prejudices of our Forefathers, would be wrong. You should go into good Company, and mind what Men of parts and breeding say, those who are best heard and most admired as well in public places of resort, as in private visits. He only who has these opportunities, can know our real strength, our numbers and the figure that we make. EUPH. By your account there must be many Minute Philosophers among the Men of Rank and Fortune. ALC. Take my word for it, not a few, and they do much contribute to the spreading our notions. For he who knows the World must observe, that fashions constantly descend. It is therefore the right way to propagate an Opinion from the upper end. Not to say that the Patronage of such Men is an encouragement to our Authors. EUPH. It seems then you have Authors among you. LYS. That we have several, and those very great Men who have obliged the World with many useful and profound discoveries. CRI. Moschon for instance has proved that Man and Beast are really of the same nature: That consequently a Man need only indulge his Senses and Appetites to be as happy as a Brute. Gorgias has gone further, demonstrating Man to be a piece of Clockwork or Machine: and that Thought or Reason are the same thing as the impulse of one Ball against another. Cimon has made noble use of these discoveries, proving as clearly as any proposition in Mathematics, that conscience is a whim and morality a prejudice: and that a Man is no more accountable for his actions than a Clock is for striking. Tryphon has written irrefragably on the usefulness of vice. Thrasenor has confuted the foolish prejudice Men had against Atheism, showing that a republic of Atheists might live very happily together.