once, to the increase of vice, luxury, and science. The middle ranks of men may, in some cases, improve, while the two extremes of high and low, may both incline toward corruption and depravity. Yet, on the whole, we must believe, that man may live happier in a civilized and well-regulated community, than in a state of anarchy and rapine; and that the benefits of arts and improvements must be at least sufficient to reward that continual and laborious pursuit which we see always attending their progress. In the decision of such questions, I believe it will be safer to attend to the opinions of those who have acted certain different parts and duties among men, than to such as only speculate over them at hom^ by means of books. But indeed it probably requires the joint efforts of bot^ theory and practice, to advance the great science of government only a few steps farther, with security. Hence the extrem^ rarity of that valuable being -- a great lawgiver, -- not a lawyer. These two characters have seldom been joined. LETTER XII. Of political Innovations. -- Foreign Travel. -- Lawgivers. -- Emperor. IN an inquisitive and improving age, we must expect every possible variety of opinion to be advanced and supported. In the course of this progress and variety, the increase of human knowledge and inquiry may often lead rather to doubt than to presumption. The wisest and oldest nations will know the most, and will therefore, perhaps, be most aware of innovations, and thence may be oftener too cautious, than in the other extreme of rash and inconsiderate; which last is more the characteristic of this Barbarian state of society. Your superior science and wisdom will have a tendency to produce more caution than enterprise. You know too well the danger of all extremes in any measures or principles; the impossibility of any rule being without exceptions; the power of custom or habit, which is properly calle^ second nature, and which it is therefore seldom prudent or practicable to change; s^ that the very wisdom of experience may lead toward the extreme of circumspectio^ and timidity. An old soldier is often too cautious; and, were it not for some of thos^ bold innovators in politics, who, with more spirit than knowledge, can carry whol^ nations on to new experiments, society would probably stand still, or go backwards* I believe I was led into these reflection^ by something about these Moors, and their government; and by reading accidentally one of your over-wise and learned authors who preaches against foreign travel, an^ thence against our learning any thing from other nations. Now I am inclined to believe that it is only by mutual intercourse that nations improve, and that even our idlest and weakes^ ramblers generally bring home more good than evil from their travels; that they mostly either retain, or afterward on reflection acquire from thence, a something of utility, and more certainly a something of the agreeable, that serves