more patience, more vanity, or some sinister motives: some of these, encouraged by booksellers, stand ready to snatch every subject out of the careless hands of genius and knowledge; and give it disfigured or incomplete to the world. As there are no great hopes from your project of rescuing authors out of the hands of the booksellers; the progress of learning and knowledge must still depend much on the conduct and information of those men. You should try, if possible, to give them a better education, by making it more common and easy; men of learning and of liberal minds might make a figure in that profession, and do infinite good. When we shall have learned to think more and to write less, how many huge volumes may be contracted into a few pages! I think good abridgements of what is already written, would now be the most useful publications. It is the duty of the present generation to curtail and arrange the ideas of the last. I shall be glad to join every assistance toward such a plan, in any of the ways you mention. Every little helps. You should think of encouraging your evening, your Sunday and day schools, and of increasing popular country lectures, and those itinerant philosophers, with their cartloads of machinery; and likewise the literary societies in the country towns. They may all together be of some service to that yet ignorant country of ours, especially, if, at the same time, you can persuade our legislature to do something toward it, -- something that should improve and increase the day-schools, abolish the boarding-schools, and promote useful knowledge: the shortest way to it must always be the best; and especially now, that the objects of study increase with civilization and improvements. It is high time for authors and teachers to steer by some north-west passage, directly to truth and science, and not lead us round by long and flowery ways, in which we lose so much time, and may never arrive at the end in view. LETTER VIII. Bowls. Manufactories. Pontz. History. Letters. Campomanes. Knowledge, and useful Arts. WHEN you come to Spain, make it in your way, if you can, to see Bowls. You will probably find him in his favorite province of Biscaya. You may have read his book. I believe it may be depended on, as far as it goes. This nation is not yet in a condition to profit by reading, nor can we believe that their government means they should, till we see other means employed, besides that of giving them books. But even these are distributed with a very sparing hand. The complete chain of useful knowledge, and the freedom of research, will probably long be excluded by inquisitorial tyranny. Where philosophers, and their books, are considered as dangerous, they can have few or no good effects; and we should not be surprised to hear of Mr. B -- being in the Inquisition for the pains he has already taken.