AN ESSAY ON REDEMPTION BY JESUS CHRIST. Showing from Scripture, the CHARACTER of our REDEEMER, the NATURE of his REDEMPTION, and the BENEFITS arising from it to MEN. By J. MURRAY, Of NEWCASTLE. NEWCASTLE: Printed by T. SLACK; and sold by the Booksellers in Town and Country. 1768. INTRODUCTION. A Great part of the mistakes about Religion have arisen from men's passing too suddenly from one object to another. Mankind naturally are disposed to proceed rapidly in their progress after truth: and seldom come to the true knowledge of it, by reason of not considering one thing before another. The words of Job may be fitly applied to mankind in general; -- For vain man would be wise, though man is born like a wild asses colt, Job xi. 12. Notwithstanding we are dull in our capacities in learning the knowledge of truth, yet we are ever ready to make too much haste, and to stretch ourselves beyond our measure. -- Passing too quickly from one thing to another, we leave the former before we investigate its properties. In seeking to become wise, we become fools, by stopping short in our enquiries before we understand any subject. Wisdom is not attained by the ordinary methods of seeking after her. -- We should "search for her as for hid treasure." We ought not to leave any truth before we have examined it on all sides, and enquired into its various properties, on purpose to understand the whole complex or particular notions included in its general character: -- How far it may be possible to know the several simple properties which are understood in general terms, or universal propositions. IT is necessary if we would understand things as they are in their several constitutions, physical, moral, and oeconomical, to examine the constitutions in which they are considered as parts of a whole. By this means we shall be led to consider the various relations which constitutional ideas have to one another: -- Which may be of singular service to us in the choosing terms to express either general or particular things. By this means we shall proceed gradually from one property of any subject to another, and be able to distinguish between primary and secondary truths, and their qualities: -- And know what we are already in the possession of; and what we ought to enquire after, on purpose to consummate our knowledge. IT is a great part of our present infelicity that we think we have knowledge when we have some perceptions; -- whereas perceptions are but the materials of knowledge, or the steps by which we advance to understanding. It is necessary that we judge our perceptions, and compare them with those objects which we think we perceive, otherwise what we call knowledge will be no more than a chaos of ill arranged perceptions, huddled together without any order. ONE chief thing to be observed in all our pursuits after truth is Analysis. The Almighty has seen meet to represent