ARCANA MOOREANA; OR, A Succinct and Lucid DISCOURSE, OF THE Origin, Essence, Situation Symptoms, Causes and Cure OF THE CHOLICK, In all its various Denominations, different Kinds, Degrees, and Complications. Done by Mr. John Moore, Apothecary, at the Pestle and Mortar, in Abchurch-Lane, near ^umbard-street. Natura legibus esse Medicinae Leges consentaneas, Medicus Remedia con^ert, non solum naturae Minister, Sed interdum ut Opifex primarius. LONDON: Printed for the A^^hor. 1713. THE Epistle Dedicatory. TO THE Right Reverend Father in GOD, Dr. John Moore, Lord Bishop of ELY. May it please your Lordship, AN indispensible Necessity, obliging me to vindicate my Reputation in the Knowledge and Practice of Physic, against the Malicious Calumnies and Detractions of my Enemies; who are only those of my own Profession, and such as are unwarily prejudiced by their False and Scandalous Insinuations; I hope I shall not be charged either with Vanity or Rashness in Publishing these brief Essays; which are designed for no other end, but that by reading this little Mannual, those that are Strangers to my Person, may be convinced, that in Studying Physic, I have followed such Learned Guides and Patterns, by whose Directions and Examples, and my own Experience, joined with a tolerable Capacity, and an indefatigable Industry and Diligence, that I am legally qualified for the Exercise of the Art I profess, maugre the inveterate Malice of all Opposers. My Lord, My Life and Conversation, I bless God, being unattackable, even by Envy it self, and so being no Reproach to the Name I have the Honor to bear: And your Lordship being Celebrated for your Exemplary Piety, Charity, and profound Knowledge in Physic, as well as in all other Learned and useful Arts and Sciences, and consequently a Proper and Sufficient Judge, of the Contents of the following Treatise. I have humbly presumed to Dedicate it to your good Lordship, in great Sincerity, but in very plain Language; for if Nature had been more kind and liberal to me in Eloquent and Rhetorical Expressions, I durst not have used them to your Lordship, who takes more Delight in doing good to others, than in reading deserved Panegyricks on your self. And therefore if your Lordship is pleased to Pardon or Excuse my Confidence in this Address, and favorably accept the tender of this diminutive Tract, I shall esteem that great Condescension, as an Eternal Obligation and Honor, conferred upon, My good Lord, Your Lordships Most Devoted Humble Servant John Moore. A PRACTICAL DISCOURSE, Showing the Origin, Seat, Symptoms, Cause, etc. The Introduction in defense of the Author. IF ever any Person upon the Face of the Universe, that Dedicated his whole Life to the doing good, and rendering himself Beneficial to Mankind, has reason to complain of the Ill and Barbarous usage he has encountered, from Men of his own Profession, and others of a Superior Station, that pretend Authority to License or Suppress, all Practioners in the Noble and Useful Arts of Pharmacy, and Administering Physic, I am