according to our Translation. L. COMPLAINING is also a poor thing; and when groundless, very unjust, But as Affectation is ready to enter into every thing, these Complaints are put on, to procure Sympathy and a little Esteem, as being the Due of a patient Sufferer. It is not prudent however to be still complaining, especially of unkind Usage, because People may be apt to think there is not much in it, or that it is taking the first word. Ae. IT IS really strange, how Affectation runs through our whole Behavior! We are every thing by turns. We affect to be weak, and we affect to be strong; we affect to be poor, and we affect to be rich; we affect to be temperate, and we affect to be debauched: the Desire of Esteem still working in us, and producing it self, as seems most likely to turn to the present account. IX. BOOKS. L. HERE is another Amusement, which those that are at leisure have more at their hand, than those that are harassed with hard Labor, or with Business. It Is true, a Book may be for more use than bare Amusement; but that depends upon the Qualities of the Performance, some Books being good for very little. Ae. IF a Man were to consider for what End Life is given him, quidnam victuri gignimur, he would readily enquire after the Books that could direct him best. But in this he is apt to meet with very different Advices. If he be already sworn to a Party, he must be directed by his Masters; and if he is only to follow the Starts of his own Fancy, he can hardly have a worse Guide. If again he is to ask Counsel from every Party, he must be much divided about what he shall choose. Here is one fixed Point however, as to Books of Religion, all Parties of Christendom acknowledge one Book, which is called the Bible, as the Standard of all Belief and Practice: and though it is called but one Book, yet it is a Collection of many, and has a Variety of Subjects, which I need not enumerate. There is also a Variety in the Style, according to the Character of the Writers. That Irony does not signify much, Characteristicks III. 236. that in the Composition there is nothing miraculous or self-convincing. A miraculous Style is a new Phrase: but the Style of the Scriptures is by most People acknowledged to be natural, and by some even to be Longinus not only instances Moses, but in a MS. in the Vatican he makes mention of Paul of Tarsus, as an Author of great Excellency. sublime. Conviction must also come another way than from the Words of a Book: a self-convincing Style is another Curiosity. L. BUT the deepest Objections are against the Authority of those sacred Books: I should have called them Insinuations rather than Objections, for generally they are nothing else; and where