only how the first governments were formed, but what the progress was of industry and property, which may be called the generative principle of empire. When I had done with ancient History, I sat down to the best modern stories I could get, and read of distant nations before I began to study my country's constitution, history and laws. When I had finished the histories of France, and Spain, and Italy, and Germany, and many more, then I turned to Great Britain, and in the first place took a view of the English constitution and government, in the ancient books of the common law, and some more modern writers, who out of them have given an account of this government. From thence I proceeded to our History, and with it joined in every King's reign the laws then made. This gave me an insight into the reason of our statutes, and showed me the true ground upon which they came to be made, and what weight they ought to have. By this means, I read the history of my country with intelligence, and was able to examine into the excellence or defects of its government, and to judge of the fitness or unfitness of its orders and laws. By this method I did likewise know enough of the law for an English gentleman, though quite ignorant of the chicane, or wrangling and captious part of the law, and was well acquainted with the true measure of right and wrong. The arts how to avoid doing right, and to secure one's self in doing wrong, I never looked into. 11. A reflection on History. Thus did I read History, and many noble lessons I learned from it; just notions of true worth, true greatness, and solid happiness. It taught me to place merit where it only lies, not in birth, not in beauty, not in riches, not in external show and magnificence, not in voluptuousness; but, in a firm adherence to truth and rectitude; in an untainted heart, that would not pollute or prostitute its integrity in any degree, to gain the highest worldly honors, or to ward off the greatest worldly misery. This is true magnanimity: And he alone can be truly happy, as well as truly great, who can look down with generous contempt upon every thing that would tempt him to recede in the smallest degree from the paths of rigid honesty, candor and veracity. Es Modicus Voti, presso lare, dulcis Amicis; Jam nunc astringas; jam nunc granaria laxes; Inque luto fixum possis transcendere Nummum; Nec gluto sorbere Salivam Mercurialem? Haec mea sunt, teneo, cum vere dixeris: Esto Liberque ac Sapiens, Praetoribus ac Jove dextro. Sin tu, cum fueris Nostrae paulo ante farinae, Pelliculam veterem retines, et front politus Astutam Vapido servas sub pectore Vulpem; Quae dederam supra, Repeto, funemque Reduco. Nil tibi concessit Ratio: digitum exere peccas, Et quid tam parvum est? Sed nullo thure litabis, Haereat in Stultis brevis ut semuncia Recti. Haec miscere Nefas: --