excellence unacquired. INDUSTRY is the vital principle of excellence; but we must not, therefore, suppose, that the advice of a preceptor, or the mandate of a sovereign, can produce an instantaneous effect; there is a regular progression in human affairs; and no power, less than omnipotence, could have produced that singular operation of commanding light, and there was light. Miracles have departed from this philosophic age; but INDUSTRY is left to us, which may be said, to perform miracles. ON NOVELTY IN LITERATURE. A MODERN reader, amidst the abundance of his books, resembles Xerxes, who, satiated with his pleasures, promised a reward to him who should allure by the invention of a new one. This capricious complaint only shows an abundance of objects, and a disordered taste; the fault is not in the pleasures and the books, but in Xerxes and the Reader. "All is said," exclaims the lively Bruyere, but at the same moment, by his own admirable reflections, confutes the dreary system he would establish. An opinion of the exhausted state of literature, has been a popular prejudice of remote existence; and an unhappy idea of a wise ancient, who, even in his day, laments, that "of books there is no end," has been transcribed by great authors, who, however, cannot be deemed great politicians. Perhaps, in the age of Solomon, readers were perplexed by periodical publications, and the Jewish Magazines might have been manufactured with as little skill as our own. This opinion serves for the apology of the idle, and the consolation of the disappointed; but it is to be lamented that it extinguishes the ardour of the ingenious. Had not genius felt itself superior to this malicious dictum, the world had wanted nearly all it is valued compositions. The popular notion of literary novelty is an idea more fanciful than exact. Of these unreflecting censurers, many are yet to learn that their admired originals are not such as they mistake them to be, either in the parts or the design of their works. We shall show how the plans of the most original performances have been borrowed; and of the thoughts of the most admired compositions, some readers are yet to be instructed that they are not wonderful discoveries, but only truths, of whieh themselves felt the conviction, before the ingenuity of the author had arranged the intermediate and accessory ideas, by lucidly unfolding that confused sentiment, which those experience who are not accustomed to think with depth or accuracy. Batteux employs a judicious figure, when he compares genius to the earth, which produces nothing, unless it has first received the seeds. This has no tendency to impoverish the talents of the artist, for it displays the source of exhaustless treasures, of infinite variations, and limits not less than the universe itself. There is an affinity in all the works of genius, because they are imitations of nature; similar they are, yet not the same; as all earths are terrene substances, but their qualities are