on the influence of manners on taste, and of taste on manners. Sir Joshua Reynolds, in one of his discourses, observes, that in the ornaments of the arts we find the characteristical mark of a national taste, as by throwing up a feather, we know which way the wind blows, better than by a more heavy matter. The morals of a nation are oftener directed by authors, than by those modern apostles who possess vast incomes, and stolen sermons. Authors are the preachers of morality, and the arbiters of manners. They perform the office of the Censor Morum; and if they do not always live like the Catos of their age, their works may effect the same beneficial influence; for, like the language of Cato, they are so many reprimands for folly, and remonstrances for vice. An author sometimes appears, who gives a new direction to the national character. In mechanics, no impulsion, from a single hand, can communicate to a body the force of eternal movement. In morals it is different; for there an individual power can for ever endow with action the TRUTH it impels. These are the few authors who form revolutions, not, perhaps, in the sublime sciences, which are reserved for the contemplation of a few, but in that happier knowledge which is of daily use, and addressed to those who most want instruction. These authors are not a Newton and a Lock; but an Addison and a Fontenelle. These two eminent writers shall illustrate this reflection. The Spectators introduced literature and morals in the nation; the young, the gay, and the fair, who flew from the terrific form of a folio, were attracted by the light graces of a fugitive page. Since that happy moment the diffusion of taste, and the curiosity of knowledge, have produced readers who are now enabled to discern the shades of elegance; to appreciate compositions of genius; and to adjust the merits of ingenious competitors by the scale of philosophical taste. We have become a reading, and of course a critical nation. A refined writer is now certain of finding readers who can comprehend him. Of all our great men, whatever department they have illustrated, who has left to the nation a more valuable inheritance than Addison? Thousands hear the name of Marlborough, but the battle of Blenheim leaves no impression. The name of Addison excites affection; and his Spectators remind the modest reader where he first gained instruction, and the great writer where he first felt the influence of taste, and where he still learns the art of composition. Fontenelle operated the same kind of revolution in France. Before his brilliant wit and exact science were united, learning was the solitary enjoyment of the learned. Astronomy and erudition were reserved for the astronomer and the erudit. Each spoke his own language; Fontenelle was their interpreter. He explained vast totalities by gradual deductions, and sublime conceptions, by familiar ideas. The lady at her toilette described the motions of a heavenly