Author, with others taken out of his Politics, I do not much except against them. No Law made by man can be perfect, and there must be in every Nation a power of correcting such defects as in time may arise or be discovered. This power can never be so rightly placed as in the same Hand that has the right of making Laws, whether in one person or in many. If Filmer therefore can tell us of a place, where one man, woman or child, however he or she be qualified, has the power of making Laws, I will acknowledge that not only the hard Cases, but as many others as he pleases, are referred to his or her judgment, and that they may give it, whether they have any understanding of what they do or not, whether they be drunk or sober, in their senses or stark mad. But as I know no such place, and should not be much concerned for the sufferings of a People that might bring such misery upon themselves, as must accompany an absolute dependence upon the unruly will of such a creature, I may leave him to seek it, and rest in a perfect assurance that he dos not speak of England, which acknowledges no other Law than its own; and instead of receiving any from Kings, dos to this day obey none, but such as have bin made by our Ancestors, or our selves, and never admitted any King that did not swear to observe them. And if Aristotle deserve credit, the power of altering, mitigating, explaining or correcting the Laws of England, is only in the Parliament, because none but the Parliament can make them. SECT. XXIII. Aristotle proves, that no man is to be entrusted with an absolute Power, by showing that no one knows how to execute it, but such a man as is not to be found. OUR Author having falsely cited and perverted the sense of Aristotle, now brings him in saying, That a perfect Kingdom is that wherein the King rules all according to his own Will. But tho I have read his books of Government with some attention, I can find no such thing in them, unless the word which signifies mere or absolute may be justly translated into perfect: which is so far from Aristotle's meaning, that he distinguishes the absolute or despotical Kingdoms from the Legitimate; and commending the latter, gives no better name than that of barbarous to the first, which he says can agree only with the nature of such Nations as are base and stupid, little differing from Beasts; and having no skill to govern, or courage to defend themselves, must resign all to the will of one that will take care of them. Yet even this cannot be done, unless he that should take that care be wholly exempted from the vices which oblige the others to stand in need of it: for otherwise it is no better