be just and good, they are so numerous, and the volumes of our Statutes with the Interpretations and adjudg'd Cases so vast, that hardly any thing is so clear and fixed, but men of wit and learning may find what will serve for a pretense to justify almost any judgment they have a mind to give. Whereas the Laws of Moses, as to the Judicial part, being short and few, Judgments were easy and certain; and in Switzerland, Sweden, and some parts of Denmark, the whole Volume that contains them may be read in few hours, and by that means no injustice can be done which is not immediately made evident. 2. Axioms are not rightly grounded upon judged Cases, but Cases are to be judged according to Axioms: the certain is not proved by the uncertain, but the uncertain by the certain; and every thing is to be esteemed uncertain till it be proved to be certain. Axioms in Law are, as in Mathematics, evident to common sense; and nothing is to be taken for an Axiom, that is not so. Euclid dos not prove his Axioms by his Propositions, but his Propositions, which are abstruse, by such Axioms as are evident to all. The Axioms of our Law do not receive their Authority from Coke and Hales, but Coke and Hales deserve praise for giving judgment according to such as are undeniably true. 3. The Judges reeeive their Commissions from the King; and perhaps it may be said, that the Custom of naming them is grounded upon a right with which he is entrusted; but their power is from the Law, as that of the King also is. For he who has none originally in himself, can give none unless it be first conferred upon him. I know not how he can well perform his Oath to govern according to Law, unless he execute the power with which he is entrusted, in naming those men to be Judges, whom in his conscience, and by the advice of his Council, he thinks the best and ablest to perform that Office: But both he and they are to learn their duty from that Law, by which they are, and which allots to every one his proper work. As the Law intends that men should be made Judges for their integrity and knowledge in the Law, and that it ought not to be imagined that the King will break his trust by choosing such as are not so, till the violation be evident, nothing is more reasonable than to intend that the Judges so qualified should instruct the King in matters of Law. But that he who may be a child, over-ag'd, or otherwise ignorant and incapable, should instruct the Judges, is equally absurd, as for a blind man to be a guide to those who have the best eyes; and so abhorrent from the meaning of the Law, that the Judges (as I said before) are sworn to do justice