seem to be here accurately and elegantly delineated. 13. Price 1l. 5s. BELL's COMMON PLACE BOOK. Formed generally upon the Principles recommended and practiced by Mr. LOCK. This Work is elegantly executed from Copper Plates on Superfine Writing Demi Paper, and may be had of all the Booksellers in England, by enquiring for Bell's Library Commonplace Book, formed upon Mr. Locke's Principles. This Book is generally bound in Vellum, containing 5 Quires of the very best Demi Paper properly prepared, for 1l. 5s. Ditto if bound in Parchment, 1l. and so in proportion for any Quantity of Paper the Book may contain, deducting or adding two Shillings for every Quire that may be increased or decreased, and bound as above. Mr. Lock has confined his elucidation to the advantages arising from reading; in selecting remarkable passages from Books; but this is not the only Purpose to which the Commonplace Book may be successfully applied. It is not solely for the Divine, the Lawye^, the Poet, Philosopher, or Historian, that this Publication is calculated: by these its uses are experimentally known and universally admitted. It is for the use and emolument of the Man of Business as well as of Letters; for Men of Fashion and Fortune as well as of Study; for the Traveller, the Trader, and in short for all those who would form a System of useful and agreeable Knowledge, in a manner peculiar to themselves, while they are following their accustomed Pursuits, either of Profit or Pleasure 14. Four Volumes, Price 12s. The PHOENIX, Or, the HISTORY of POLYARCHUS and ARGENIS. Translated from the Latin, by a Lady. The Public is here presented with a new Translation of that fine old Romance BARCLAY's ARGENIS. The Original has been well known to the Learned these 150 Years; and for the Accommodation of the mere English Readers, two Versions of it, in our Language, were given in the Course of the last Century; but the Style of these is grown too obsolete for the present Age. The Editor as she chooses to style herself, rather than Translator, has prefixed to the Work, a very judicious Account of the Author's Design, and of the Merit of his Performance: which is, as she well observes, A Romance, an Allegory, and a System of Politics, Considered as an Investigation of the various forms of Government, and of the most proper remedies for the political Distempers of a State, it will certainly be thought a Work of great Merit, if we make due allowance for the time in which it was written. But if regarded only as a Work of moral Entertainment, it will be allowed to stand in the foremost Rank of the old Romances, sacred to Chivalry and Virtue. In Brief, to use the Words of the ingenious Editor, -- Barclay's Argenis affords such Variety of Entertainment, that every kind of Reader may find in it something suitable to his own Taste and Disposition: the Statesman, the Philosopher, the Soldier, the