read of the seven wise men of Greece. What were they? Mr. C. They were men distinguished for their knowledge and talents, and some of them for their virtue too. But a wiser than them all was Socrates, whose chief praise it was that he turned philosophy from vain and fruitless disputation, to the regulation of life and manners, and that he was himself a great example of the wisdom he taught. A. Have we had any person lately very remarkable for wisdom? Mr. C. In my opinion, few wiser men have ever existed than the late Dr. Franklin, the American. From the low station of a journey man printer, to the elevated one of ambassador plenipotentiary from his country to the court of France, he always distinguished himself by sagacity in discovery, and good sense in practicing, what was most beneficial to himself and others. He was a great natural philosopher, and made some very brilliant discoveries, but it was ever his favorite purpose to turn every thing to use, and to extract some practical advantage from his speculations. He thoroughly understood common life, and all that conduces to its comfort; and he has left behind him treasures of domestic wisdom, superior, perhaps, to any of the boasted maxims of antiquity. He never let slip any opportunity of improving his knowledge whether of great things or of small; and was equally ready to converse with a day-labourer and a prime-minister upon topics from which he might derive instruction. He rose to wealth, but obtained by honorable means. He prolonged his life by temperance to a great age, and enjoyed it to the last. Few men knew more than he, and none employed knowledge to better purposes. A. A man, then, I suppose cannot be wise without knowing a great deal. Mr. C. If he knows every thing belonging to his station, it is wisdom enough; and a peasant may be as truly wise in his place as a statesman or legislator. You remember that fable of Gay in which a shepherd gives lessons of wisdom to a philosopher. A. O yes -- it begins Remote from cities lived a swain. Mr. C. True. He is represented as drawing all his maxims of conduct from observation of brute animals. And they, indeed, have universally that character of wisdom, of pursuing the ends best suited to them by the properest means. But this is owing to the impulse of unerring instinct. Man has reason for his guide, and his wisdom can only be the consequence of the right use of his reason. This will lead him to virtue. Thus the fable we have been mentioning rightly concludes with Thy same is just, the sage replies, Thy virtue proves thee truly wise. THE BULLIES. As young Francis was walking through a village with his tutor, they were annoyed by two or three cur dogs, that came running after them with looks of the utmost fury, snarling and barking as if they would