mere technical part of the science; that they rarely take notice of manners and instincts, or the causes and economy of animal action; and that they never pursue these great and useful objects with a degree of taste and philosophical accuracy, proportioned to the importance of the subject.' These strictures are common: It were to be wished that they had no foundation in truth. In natural history, two ends only can be attained by system. Both of them are useful, but extremely different in their kinds. System may be employed either to facilitate the distinction of objects, or to ascertain their relations in the scale of being. The first species of system, it is obvious, must consist entirely of a series of external or internal characters. It is of little moment, whether the objects ranked under particular ORDERS be mutually connected; because, if we may judge from the many laborious, but abortive attempts which have been made, Nature seems not to have expressed such connections in characters recognisable by our senses. A system so limited in its principles and design, can never assume any other form than that of a technical index or dictionary. If the general and particular characters be so marked, that a student, after learning the divisions and language of the author, can investigate the proper names of the objects presented to him, then is this system perfect; because its sole and primary intention is fulfilled. Were every naturalist of the same sentiments with regard to this point, many encumbrances, which now load the science, would be removed; the tyro would not be disgusted and retarded by an infinity of synonimes; natural history would acquire a more simple and intelligible form; and the number of its votaries would soon be augmented. The second species of system is more elevated and sublime. But, as it includes the whole philosophy of Nature, it requires a depth of judgment, a superiority of genius, an extent of knowledge, which are seldom united in the same person. Natural objects are wonderfully diversified in their structure, economy, and faculties. But, in these, as well as in many other circumstances, they are no less wonderfully connected. Here, then, are foundations for constructing the system of Nature. To mark the distinctions, to investigate the relations, to ascertain the great chain that unites the numerous tribes which people and adorn the universe, would demand talents superior, perhaps, to those of humanity. We ought not, however, to despair. Hardly any bounds can be set to the combined force of different minds acting successively upon the same subject. Something has already been done. More may in time appear: Nature, in some future period, may happily unite Philosophy and Natural History, a phenomenon which has hitherto been but partially exhibited. Among those authors, whether ancient or modern, who have contributed to unfold the philosophy of Natural History, the COUNT DE BUFFON holds the most distinguished rank. This learned and eloquent writer has introduced into his subjects a greater variety