EXPLANATORY REMARKS UPON THE LIFE AND OPINIONS OF TRISTRAM SHANDY; WHEREIN, The MORALS and POLITICS of this PIECE are clearly laid open, By JEREMIAH KUNASTROKIUS, M. D. "By way of MOTTO" ANONYMOUS. LONDON: Printed for E. CABE in Ave-mary-Lane, Ludgate Street. MDCCLX. EXPLANATORY REMARKS UPON THE LIFE and OPINIONS OF TRISTRAM SHANDY. CHAP. I. IT is the misfortune of all great writers, to put pen to paper so fast, and let their imaginations carry them away in such a hurry, that they seldom consider whether their readers comprehensions will be able to gallop after them post-haste, without being out of breath, to the end of the first chapter, even though it should not contain above a dozen lines. And it is as great an error in judgment, -- nay, worse than that which Byng was shot for, to put too much wit in any production that is intended for universal reading -- I say, universal reading: for, besides the opinion of one of the greatest writers of this or the last age, I cannot say which, "that a reader should have as much wit as the author he reads, to understand him;" -- which I flatter myself is seldom the case. I speak as an author, and therefore should be allowed a little vanity: I say, besides this generally received doctrine, how can we tell what different kinds of wit prevail with all the readers in the universe; -- to go no further than the antipodes, it is a thousand to one, whether they would understand a pun, or the best bon-mot in all Tristram Shandy: -- and for aught I can tell, in the moon, and some other of the illiterate planets, they may have exploded every kind of true wit mentioned by Addison. It is evidently for this reason, that in most of the periodical works, which are reckoned universal, and particularly the magazines, we are very seldom troubled with any thing but plain good sense, the best method of making water gruel, and fattening of capons; which may be of use, and understood all over the world. CHAP. II. MY good friend, and arch companion Mr. Tristram Shandy, gentlemen, who makes such honorable mention of my learned father, the celebrated doctor Kunastrokius, of physical memory Vide page 23, vol. I. has fallen into this very mistake that I have just been mentioning; and, by a certain subtility of thinking, and quaintness of expression, the beauties and excellencies of his work, may not only be passed over by many of the inhabitants of Asia-minor, Monomotapa, some of the Mickmacs, Cherokees, and Catawbas, but, at least, by seven hundred and fifty of the inhabitants of London, and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and parts adjacent. This computation, which I did not make myself, may appear at first, somewhat too exact, but the reader may be persuaded I have it from the best authority, -- my printer, who assures me, I cannot sell more or less than that number: I