endure the character of a scoundrel and a liar. Indeed no literary crime is equal to this, for public faith attends an author; and infamy ought always to attend his intentional abuse of it: nay in part his carelessness; for a man is a very bad member of society who teaches it error, compared to which even ignorance itself is knowledge. The misquotations and misconstructions of Pelloutier, and many others, upon similar subjects, must shock every reflecting mind, for most readers take quotations on trust. The author has seldom, if ever, taken a quotation on trust; but has commonly verified those few which struck him at second-hand with the originals. This plan he earnestly recommends to such readers as wish to attain complete and immediate knowledge of the important facts here developed. For this end a list of the books and editions used is prefixed. This list may also serve as a directory for those who choose to study the subject in it is fountains; and will save much trouble; for had the author put down the other books he has perused for this design, to no purpose, as there was nothing in them, the number would have been doubled. The author can safely pledge his whole character in life, that he has never intentionally altered, or omitted, a single letter in a quotation; nor ever given it the least bias from it is open direct meaning. No toil has been spared to guard against mistakes: this little work has been revised, and re-revised, and revised again: but our own errors singularly escape our eyes. Yet can there be no mistake touching the grand, and leading, facts, which stand on the authorities of all antiquity. The author's toil was too enormous for him to trifle with any hypothesis, and thus lose his labor, or any part of it. He sought for facts alone. The sole pleasure surely in a research of this kind is purely mathematical, the delicious delight in reposing one's mind upon truth. For tho the truth in historic research be far from mathematical, yet that highest probability, here called Historic Truth, consists in this, that tho you cannot demonstrate it true, yet you can prove all opposite opinions to be false; so that, as truth is one, and no two opposite opinions can be both true, this remains Historic Truth. List of the Chief Books and Editions used. A. ADAMI Bremensis Hist. Eccl. apud Lindenbrog. Script. Germ. Sept. The Caput de Situ Daniae is also in the Dania, the best of the Elzevir Republics. Aethici Cosmographia apud Melam Gronovii, Lugd. Bat. 1696. 8vo. Agathias de rebus gestis Justiniani, Paris, 1660. f. Ammianus Marcellinus Gronovii, Lugd. Bat. 1693. f. Anastasii Bibliothecarii Historia Ecclesiastica, Paris, 1642. f. Apollonius Rhodius, cum Scholiaste, Francof. 1546. 8vo. Appiani Opera Stephani, Paris, 1592. f. Aristotelis Opera, 1597. 4 vols, f. Arii Polyhistoris Libellus de Islandia, Bussaei, Hauniae; 1733. 4to. Arriani Tactica; Acies contra Alanos, etc. Blancardi, Amst. 1683. 8vo. Ausonius Variorum, Amst. 1671.