dominion, that admits of no sharer, makes itself formidable; awakens, on that aocount, the ardor of its enemies, and, thus, ushers in its own fall. There appears to me, particularly, in the idea of authority, something just and respectable; in the idea of power, something strong and active; and, in the idea of domiuion, something great and elevated. As there is none but God, that has an unlimited authority; so, there is none else, who has infinite power; neither is there any absolute, sovereign, and independent dominion, than his. Nature has established no authority among men, but that of fathers, over their children; all other, proceeds from positive right. The power of the passions, is the true spring of action, and, determines us, with respect, either to good or evil. It is not only by the disposition of human laws, that marriage places the woman under the dominion of the man; but, it is, also, so settled by the divine. 138. Volume, Book. A volume, may contain many books: A book, may make many volumes. The binding, properly, distinguishes the volumes; and, the division of the work, the books. We must not, always, judge of the knowledge of an author, by the largeness of the volume. Works are, sometimes, spread out into many books, which would be more valuable, were they reduced to one. 139. To have a Mind, for, Long for, Wish for, To Hanker after, Lust after. The last, of these expressions, is more used in theology, and supposes, always, an illicit object, forbid by the laws of God; thus, we lust after a woman; or, the goods of another. The others, are all, in common use, and, express our inclination to a thing, be it what it will; with the following difference between them. We, have a mind, for, or, long for, a present object; but, have a mind, seems attended with more knowledge and reflection; long for, more opinion and more taste: we wish for things, farther distant: we hanker after things, that more affect us. Princes, sometimes, have a mind, to gratify their ambition, at the expense of their future welfare. Women with child, frequently, long for most things they see: Lazy people, often, sit down and content themselves, with wishing for those things, they would, presently, obtain, if diligent and assiduous. Some children will hanker, a long time, after their nurses, and, it is with the greatest difficulty, they can be brought to forget them. 140. Gain, Profit, Lucre, Emolument. Gain, seems to arise from something very casual; and implies, risk and hazard; it is for this reason, the word, is in great use among gamesters and tradesmen. Profit, appears to be more sure; proceeding either from lands or industry. Thus, we say, the profits of the earth; or, the profits of our labor. The characteristic of lucre, consists in a simple relation, to the passion of interest; it is on this account, we say, with the greatest propriety, that man is fond of