upon these Subjects, which is called The Arts of Empire, etc. This was first published with the Title of The Cabinet-Council, containing the chief Arts of Empire, and Mysteries of State discabineted, etc. By the ever renowned Knight Sir Walter Ralegh: published by John Milton, Esquire 8 vo. 1658, who prefixed this Motto, Quis Martem Tunica tectum, Adamantina digne scripserit? The Editor's Opinion of this Book and its Author, he farther offers to the Reader in these Words, "Having had the MS. of this Treat^se written by Sir Walter Ralegh many Years in my Hands, and finding it lately by Chance among other Books and Papers; upon reading thereof, I thought it a Kind of Injury to withold longer the Work of so eminent an Author from the public; it being both answerable in Style to other Works of his already extant, as far as the Subject would permit, and given me for a true Copy by a learned Man at his Death, who had collected several such Pieces. John Milton." In the second Edition it was titled, The Arts of Empire, and Mysteries of State discabineted, etc. 8vo. Land. 1692; containing 238 Pages, and beginning with these Words, A commonwealth is a certain sovereign Government of many Families, etc. but handled in a different Manner. It is divided into twenty-six Chapters, defining public Weals, and Differencies of Sovereignty; more particularly the three Kinds of Monarchy, and how to perpetuate them. Also of Councils and Counselors, Officers, Commissioners, Magistrates and Ministers of State. Of Justice, Treasure and War. Of Neighboring Princes. The Character of an Excellent Prince. Art of Ruling. Of princely Authority, Power and Force. Of Conspiracy and Treason, public Hatred, Diffidence and Dissimulation. Of War, defensive and invasive, Law of Arms, Soldiers and their Discipline. Of Generals and Commanders, Councils of War, Directions tactic and stratagemic; with Advice how to make an honorable Peace. Of Civil War; with the Causes and Remedies thereof. And the two last Chapters contain a Collection of Political Observations, and Maxims of State; or prudential Grounds and polemical Precepts concerning all States and Forms of Policy, etc. confirmed by select Narrations and historical Precepts. But if we descend to those political Writings of our Author, which were occasionally composed; and with more particular Regard to the Exigents of State in his own Time, through the Virtues of a penetrating Eye into the Drifts of every neighboring Nation, and an undiscourageable Heart for the Security and Interest of his own; we shall find them still more numerous. And these, as they most of them have a special Regard to Spain, might proceed from the perfect Knowledge he had of that Kingdom and its tyrannical Practices. One Instance hereof we have in that Discourse of The Spaniards Cruelties to the English in Havanna; which is ascribed to Sir Walter Ralegh, with other Tracts, in a Volume among the Manuscripts of a late Person of Honor. His many other Observations of this Kind might well produce