we have a little Summary of the Uses thereof, under the Consideration of what Popes, Patriarchs, Bishops, Cardinals, Fathers, Saints, Martyrs, etc. Councils, Liturgies, Prayer-books, Bibles, etc. are censured therein; also by what degrees Books have been corrupted; with what Opposition; the Inquisitors being still at odds with us and themselves; what Popish Authors, through all Ages, have maintained the Truth of our Religion; what Books and Editions are to be read by Protestants: lastly, what is constantly denied by the Papists, That the Text of the Fathers Works is commanded to be purged in their several Indices Expurgatorii, and plainly proved in this Table, by the Mark of a Hand in the Margin. In this Table, our Author doubts not but many Writers have slipped his Pen, Wherein he desired not Exactness, but to give you a Taste only of that sour Fruit, which they have grafted upon other Men's Stocks. He has cited nothing without a sufficient Author or Authority. And as for the Books of Law, Physic, and the Arts, which the Papists have thus mangled and disfigured, they are reserved for some other time, this Part ending at p. 102. Part V. A Remedy against all Popish Corruptions. Herein the Author shows how vain it is to find out the Diseases in Books, without we endeavor to find out the Remedies also. This last Part, containing 27 Pages, begins with an Account of the sundry Ways how Books are depraved and corrupted, and three Ways proposed for reforming the same. That the Discovery of false Treatises, in the Name of the Fathers, has in part been made by the Bishop of Winchester, Dr. Reynolds, Abraham Scultetus, and especially Master Robert Cook of Leedes. How the Corruption of the true Fathers is to be known; and that those Places purged by the Inquisitors are to be restored as fast by the Protestants. Of a Catechism to be framed for us out of their Writings: and how Papists are to be answered by Papists. The Collations of this kind by Mr. W. Crashaw, of the Temple, commended. How the Romish Falsifications might be shortly discovered, by dividing the Examination among many Divines. The Profit of Collating printed Books, with the Indices Expurgatorii. Their late corrected Editions to be considered and suspected. Of their pretended Discovery of lost Writers in Caves, Mountains, etc. The Popish Editions of the Fathers to be compared with ancient MSS. How the Fathers Works were corrupted before, and since Printing; the Ways of correcting them. Our Universities and private Libraries well stored with MSS. notwithstanding the great Consumption of them in England. An Exhortation to private Men not to monopolize, but communicate their MSS. seeing that how commendably soever they preserve them, little Use can be made of them, nor their Authorities safely vouched, since they are not always to be seen, while such Owners are living; and, when they die, may easily miscarry, by falling into the Hands of such as regard them