not always a minute and entire Epitome of every Book, which would make a Scheme of this Compass so tedious and voluminous, that we know not whether our Readers or ourselves would be first wearied in going through it. Besides, excellent Authors, so served, would never satisfy curious Readers; and those Authors who cannot claim that Character, would either not deserve such distinction, or not be suffered, by the Attention which others, equally deserving, would also demand, to exact such particular Cognizance, in a Work of such a general Nature. Our Business therefore cannot be so much to delight Readers with the Flowers of Books, or satisfy them with a smooth Contexture of all the Reasons and Arguments in them, as to point out those Heads or Topics, which, like so many Streams and Rivulets that severally arise in the Provinces of Literature, may best direct them to the Fountains themselves, where every Reader will extract those Parts, and those Proportions, which no Epitomist can do for him. So that by this Compendium of Hints and Advertisements concerning the most observable Persons and Places, Times and Things, which have been spoken of in the Writings of Men, is intended a Promptuary only, to the Search of those Writings, as the most ready means to expedite the Attainment of what every one is seeking. For as the excellent Lord Bacon complains, " De Augment. Scientiarum, Lib. 3. cap. 5. learned Men want such Inventories of every thing in Art and Nature, as rich Men have of their Estates." Here then, we hope to supply that Want, by giving not only such Inventories of all those things, but, at the same time, a Reference to the Observations in their Authors which have been further made on them; and not only that, but oftentimes what has been observed even of the Authors also. And this more expressly, after presenting first of all their Titles, commonly at length, in a manner as agreeably diversified as the Authors will conveniently permit; sometimes with Reasons for the Choice of them; a transient View of the Drift or Design, and Contents of those we revive; some Notice of their Vouchers and Authorities; some Sketches of their chief Arguments or Examples; some Indication of their Method, and Instances of their Style, occasionally, as they yield Matter most likely to be serviceable; with Characters also sometimes subjoined, which others have given of them. And in this treatment of good old Authors, we hope for the same effect, as in the pruning of good old Trees, in which the Gardener does not pride himself with the Twigs which he cuts off, or throws together, but expects that the Operation will be a means of making the Stocks themselves, from whence they grew, shoot forth with fresh Vigor, and reward, with better Fruits, the Hands that shall gather them. By our most Scarce, Useful, and Valuable Books in all Sciences, we intend the most considerable of all Times, from the most