heart; As full, as perfect, in vile Man that mourns, As the rapt Seraphim, that sings and burns; To Him no high, no low, no great, no small; He fills, he bounds, connects, and equals all. Cease then, nor ORDER Imperfection name: Our proper bliss depends on what we blame. Know thy own Point. This just, this kind degree Of blindness, weakness, Heaven bestows on thee, Submit -- in this, or any other Sphere, Secure to be as blessed as thou can bear. Safe in the hand of one disposing Power, Or in the natal, or the mortal hour: All Nature is but Art, unknown to thee; All Chance, Direction which thou can not see; All Discord, Harmony not understood; All partial Evil, universal Good: And spite of Pride, in erring Reason's spite, One truth is clear; "Whatever Is, is RIGHT." The End of the First EPISTLE. AN ESSAY on MAN. EPISTLE II. Of the Nature and State of Man with respect to himself as an Individual. The Business of Man not to pry into God, but to study Himself. His Middle Nature; his Powers and Frailties, and the Limits of his Capacity, V. 3, to 43. His two Principles, SELFLOVE and REASON, 43. both necessary, 49. Self-Love the stronger, and why? 57. their End the same, 71. The PASSIONS, and their Use, 84, to 120. The PREDOMINANT PASSION, and its Force, 122, to 150. its Necessity, in directing Men to different Purposes, 151. its Providential Use, in fixing our PRINCIPLE, and ascertaining our VIRTUE. 163. Virtue and Vice joined in our Mixed Nature; the Limits near, yet the Things separate, and evident. What is the Office of Reason? 181, etc. How odious Vice in itself, and how we deceive ourselves into it, 200. That however, the Ends of Providence and General Good are answered in our Passions, and Imperfections, 222, etc. How usefully these are distributed to all Orders of Men, 227 how useful they are to Society. 235. and to the Individuals, 247. In every State, and in every Age of Life, 257, to the end. KNOW then Thy self, presume not God to scan; The only Science of Mankind is Man. Placed on this Isthmus of a Middle State, A Being darkly wise, and rudely great: With too much Knowledge for the Sceptick Side, With too much Weakness for a Stoic's Pride, He hangs between; in doubt to act, or rest, To deem himself a Part of God, or Beast; In doubt, his Mind or Body to prefer, Born but to die, and reasoning but to err; Alike in Ignorance his Reason such, Whether he thinks too little, or too much. Chaos of Thought and Passion, all confused; Still by himself abused, or dis-abus'd; Created half to rise, and half to fall; Great Lord of all things, yet a Prey to all; Sole Judge of Truth, in endless Error hurled: The Glory, Jest, and Riddle, of the World! Go wondrous Creature! mount where Science guides, Go measure