and by sixpence a month pai^ out of every seaman's wages. EUGEN. A very comfortable provision truly! Be kind enough to give me an account of some of the trading companies you mentioned. ERAST. If I explain one, you will understand the whole. I will then give you some idea of the East India Company. The East India Company, is a number of people in partnership together for the purpose of trading to the East Indies. Government has granted them a charter for that purpose, on their paying the public four or five hundred thousand pounds a year; so that you see how large their gains are. The Company's stock of money, with which they carry on their trade, consist^ of many millions, and their profits are such, that after paying all expenses and losses that occur in this joint trade, they get about twelve per cent for the money they employ. This partnership is open and free to every one that will join them. There are every day persons to be found that will sell a share of this great concern. A five hundred pounds share will entitle a person to a voice or vote in the concerns of the Company, which is principally con^^^ucted by thirteen directors, chosen annually out of the ^artners or proprietors. This Company, since their first establishment, have driven the natives of Bengal-(...) ^^to the back part of the country, and are now possessed ^f a great extent of territory, and they keep an army or the defense of it. The South Sea Company, the ^ussian Company, the Hudson's Bay Company, and the ^frican, are much upon the same plan, though not so ^ich, nor trading with so large a stock. The value of each share, or which is the same, of each one hundred ^ounds stock, rises and falls in proportion to the imaginary state of the Company. EUGEN. New you mention stock, I could wish to have the nature of government stock explained. ERAST. I must first tell you, that persons who have money to spare, can, by lending it to those who want ^it, have five pounds annually for the use of every hundred pounds; but no more, as five per cent is the legal interest allowed by law; but, as the security such persons generally give for the return of the principal sum lent, is not considered so good as government security; government, when in credit, can borrow money at less interest than five per cent. When government has established a tax to pay the interest of the money they wish to borrow, they call upon the public to lend them the money, upon the faith and credit of the nation. When this sum of money is advanced, it is called Stock, and government every half year pays the interest of this stock to the persons possessed of it. Now suppose I lend government one hundred pounds, and wish some time afterward to have it again, under an idea that