industrious, can afford on Saturdays and other holidays, with pepper-pot, a pig, or a turkey, and a cann of grog; nay, Negroes have been known to clear, besides many comforts for their own family, twenty, thirty, even forty pounds a year; so that there is a fair probability that a Negro may, be enabled to gain the price of his liberty. But, of relief from bondage and woe the Scallag has not a single ray of hope, on this side the grave. 5thly. With regard to lodging and clothing. The Negro is comfortably lodged, in a warm climate. The Scallag is very poorly clothed, and still more wretchedly lodged, in a cold one. And as the Negro is provided by his master with bedding and body clothes, so he is also furnished by him with the implements of husbandry. The Scallag, with sticks and sods, rears his own miserable hut, procures for himself a few rags, either by what little flax or wool he can raise, or by the refuse or coarser part of these furnished by his master, and provides his own working tools, as the spade, etc. 6thly. With regard to usage or treatment. The Slave is driven on to labor by stripes: so also is the Scallag; who is ever, on some occasions, formally tied up, as well as the Negro, to a stake, and scourged on the bare back. The owner of the Slave, it may be farther observed, has a strong interest in his welfare; for if he should become sick or infirm, the master must maintain him; or if he should die, the master must supply his place at a considerable expense. There is no such restraint on the peevish humors or angry passions of a Hebredian lord or tacksman. The Scallag, under infirmity, disease, and old age, is set adrift on the wide world, and begs his bread from door to door, and from island to island. Nor is it necessary in order to supply the place of a Scallag, to be at any expense: for the frequent failure of settlments affords but too many recruits to the wretched otder of Scallags. 7thly. As there is nothing so natural as the love of liberty, and an aversion to restraint and oppression, the Scallag, as well as the Negro, sometimes attempts emancipation, by fleeing to the uninhabited parts of the country: though such attemps are not so often made by the Scallags after they are enured to slavery, as when they feel themselves on the verge of sinking into that dreadful and deserted condition of existence. The only asylum for the distressed in the Long Island is the King's Forest; where several are sheltered with their families and cattle for the summer season; where they live in caves and dens of the earth; and subsist, without fire, on milk, the roots of the earth, and shell fish. But in the winter season, cold and famine drive them back again to seek for subsistence and