he has suffered. Of this continued the Frenchinan with a sigh, my country is a lamentable example. After this monopoly of landed property, the grand source of human vices and misfortunes. the greatest scourge that can afflict a people is an extensiv^ foreign commerce. If by the nation be understood a few merchants. ship owners. ship's husbands, brokers, bankers manufact^re^s, and fiscal officers, the nation is indeed prosperous when trade is in a thriving state. But if by the nation we may be allowed to understand all those not comprised in the above description, that is to say at least nine-tenths of the community, the case is the reverse. It is self evident, that foreign commerce can only consist of exportation and importation, ^^less indeed where a people should be merely brokers and carriers for others. It is equally evident, that a country can only export what is produced by the labor of its inhabitants on the soil. or by their drudgery in manufactures If then no part of what is imported comes to the share of those who drudge and toil. can it be denied that they give up ease, plenty and leisure, for nothing? that the necessaries of life, the enjoyments, and repose of the many, are sacrificed to feed the luxury of the few? What a noble export trade does Ireland carry on in beef, pork, butter, and flour! Well, what does the nation at large. that live in that fertile country get in return? The advantage of never lasting meat, bread, or butter: of feed^ng on potatoes and butter-milk, and sleeping among the litter of their pigs; all which their noble landlords while drinking French wines, and wearing French silks, assure us is vastly conducive to their health! Oh! but in some other countries those who furnish all the exports, obtain a small portion of the returns. Yes; from America a noxious and intoxicating weed, an enervating drink from Asia, and from the other parts of Europe liquid poisons, that do indeed for a moment make them forget the sacrifice they cost. This evil is the offspring of the former; for if property were divided with any tolerable equality, a man would begin by providing amply for his support, comfort, and enjoyment; and would only suffer the surplus to be exchanged for foreign superfluities; nor would he for superfluities condemn himself to incessant labor. I have made an exact calculation, continued he; and I find that four hours of work in a day, in our temperate climates, would suffice for the subsistence of a man and his family. Those that remain would afford him leisure for instruction and reflection; and it would then become impossible for such men to be imposed upon by the cant of a few interested individuals, who assure them that the nation has reached the highest pitch of prosperity, because they themselves have obtained every gratification o^ not and luxury that they can devise. But to keep men ignorant, you must make