kept in the Customhouse are no authorities. When exports pay no duty, a door is opened to false entries. The vanity of some Merchants, the interest of others, too frequently induce them to magnify, beyond measure, the quantity of their export trade. Besides, the mercantile abettors of American resistance thought they served the Colonies, whilst they gratified their own private views. We may conclude, that the Commerce with North America has been greatly over-rated, as the TOTAL LOSS of it has NOT affected this Kingdom. We ought, perhaps, to ascribe to ITS INSIGNIFICANCE what we are taught to attribute to an INCREASE in other channels of trade. Like all monopolies, the Commerce with North America, such as it has been, was much more profitable to the Merchant, than advantageous to the Manufacturer. One-third of this commerce with any State in Europe (from which the returns are annual) would have brought equal profit to the manufacturer, and would have enabled him to employ an equal number of hands. Political impostors will not fail to advance magnificent fictions on this head, and the ignorant cannot cease to give them credit. On a subject where proofs are so difficult to be obtained, one may hazard a conjecture. The money expended by this Nation upon America, for the PROTECTION of HER inhabitants and the ENCOURAGEMENT of HER Commerce, would have been more than sufficient to purchase ALL the manufactures ever exported from Great Britain to the Colonies now in rebellion. I mean not to include, in this conjectural estimate, any sums expended by us in any OTHER part of the world during the two last (truly American) Wars. The Americans, with a degree of folly scarce excuseable in the most consummate ignorance, claim a merit with Great Britain, for the Revenue arising from imposts laid upon some of their commodities, in THIS Kingdom. The chief of these are Rice and Tobacco. The Revenue arising from Rice is so insignificant, that it scarce deserves to be mentioned. If exported to the south of Cape Finisterre, Rice pays no duty at all. The consumption here and the re-exportation to the Northward are very inconsiderable. In like manner, Tobacco, when re-exported, pays no duty; and it is a matter of great doubt, whether the frauds committed in the draw-backs may not nearly balance the ostensible Revenue arising to the State from the home consumption. But granting, a great Revenue should arise from Rice and Tobacco to the State, what favor do we owe to our Colonies on that head? That Revenue is paid by OURSELVES. The Tax is on the Consumer, and not upon the Planter. Should Siberia supply us with Rice and Tobacco, the price would not probably be greater to the Consumer, nor the Revenue less to the State. If the Americans claim any merit from those Taxes, what do we NOT owe to the Emperor of China? The Revenue from Tea is much more considerable than that from Rice and Tobacco. A Congress at