boughs of the trees, and composed of several minute parts of vegetables, stuck together by a glutinous matter, supposed to have been supplied from their own bodies. The cells had a communication with each other, and had openings which led to other nests on the same tree: they had likewise a hollow covered passage to another nest on the ground, at the root of a different tree from that on which the former nest was suspended. The ground nests are six feet in height, and almost as much in breadth; the outside being plaistered with clay of near two inches in thickness: these have a subterraneous passage to the roots of the trees near which they stand; from whence the ants ascend, by covered ways, up the trunk and branches. As these ground-built houses are proof against the invasion of the rain, it is supposed that the ants retire to them during the wet season. The seas in these parts produce variety and plenty of fish, among which are mullets, sea-crayfish, and crabs. On the shoals are found the rock, pearl, and other oysters; and the most delicate green turtle, besides those enormous cockles which have been already mentioned. Alligators are found in the rivers and salt creeks. This country does not appear to be inhabited by numbers any way proportioned to its great extent: not above thirty being ever seen together but once, which was when those of both sexes and all ages got together on a rock off Botany-bay, to view the ship. None of their villages consisted of more huts than would afford shelter for fourteen or fifteen men; and these were the largest numbers that ever assembled with a view to attack the English. No part of the country appeared to be cultivated; whence there must necessarily be fewer inhabitants inland, than on the sea coast. The men are well made, of the middle size, and active in a high degree; but their voices are sort even to effeminacy. Their color is the chocolate; but they were so covered with dirt, as to look almost as black as negroes. Their hair is naturally long and black, but they commonly crop it short; in some few instances it is slightly curled, but in common quite strait. It is always matted with dirt, yet wholly free from lice: their beards are thick and bushy, but kept short by singing. The women were seen only at a distance, as the men constantly left them behind when they crossed the river. The chief ornament of these people is the bone that is thrust through the nose, which the sailors whimsically termed their spritsail yard: but besides this they wore necklaces formed of shells, a small cord tied twice or thrice round the arm between the elbow and the shoulder, and a string of plaited human hair round the waist. Some few of them had an ornament of shells hanging across the breast. Besides these ornaments, they painted their bodies and