black mould. It produces all the tropical fruits, such as oranges, lemons, limes, melons, mangoes, cocoa-nuts, etc. in great abundance, and without much cultivation; a circumstance which is very agreeable to the inhabitants, who are very indolent. The mines, which lie far up in the country, are very rich; but their situation is concealed, and nobody can view them, except those who work in them. The experiment is very dangerous, for every one found upon the road which leads to them is hung upon the next tree, unless he can give a satisfactory account of the cause of his being in that situation. About twelve months before their arrival, the government had detected several jewellers in carrying on an illicit trade for diamonds with the slaves in the mines; and immediately after a law passed, making it felony to work at the trade, or have any tools in possession, the civil officers having indiscriminately seized on all that could be found. Near forty thousand negroes are annually imported to dig in the mines; these works are so pernicious to the human frame, and occasion so great a mortality amongst the poor wretches employed in them, that in the year 1766 twenty thousand more were draughted from the town of Rio, to supply the deficiency of the former number. There are several courts of justice in the town, at all of which the Viceroy presides; in criminal causes the sentence is regulated by a majority of voices in the supreme court. The Viceroy has a Council appointed from Europe by the king, to assist him in his private department, where he has two voices. The inhabitants of Rio de Janeiro maintain a whale-fishery, which supplies them with lamp-oil. They import their brandy from the Azores, their slaves and East India goods from their settlements in Africa, their wine from Madeira, and their European goods from Lisbon. The current coin is Portuguese, which is struck here; the silver pieces are called Petacks, of different value; and the copper are five and ten ree pieces. Rio de Janeiro is very useful for ships that are in want of refreshment; the harbor is safe and commodious, and may be distinguished by a remarkable hill, in the shape of a cone, at the west point of the bay. The entrance is not wide, but it is easy, from the sea breeze, which prevails from noon to sunset, for any ship to enter before the wind. The entrance of the narrow part is defended by two forts, La Cruz and Lozia; they are about three quarters of a mile from each other. The bottom being rocky, renders it dangerous to anchor here, but this may be avoided by keeping the middle of the channel. The whole coast abounds with a very great variety of fish, among which are dolphins and mackrel. On the 9th of December they took out of the sea an incredible number of atoms, of a yellowish color, few of them more than