a handsome appointment; which he very readily accepted; and, about the beginning of the year 1674, embarked for Jamaica. But he soon grew tired of land service; his roving disposition still inclining him to seek the sea. The road, he says, to take possession of his new office, when he arrived at Jamaica, was formerly a great way round: but Mr. Hellier, the Colonel's brother, being desirous of shortening the way, coasted along the river with some companions, till they found it run between rocks that rose perpendicular on both sides: they endeavored to climb that which intercepted the way to the plantation: but, while they with the utmost danger and difficulty were surmounting the rock, a dog they had with them found a more convenient passage through a hole. This suggested to Mr. Hellier a new track: so by blowing up some fragments of the rock in one part, and levelling some hollows in others, a passage was obtained wide enough for a loaded horse. By this accidental discovery the road was shortened near one half. He was now in his 22d year. In six months after his arrival at Jamaica he was tired of his superintendency, and quitted it; and soon after engaged in a trade with the logwood-cutters in Campeachy bay; which trade he followed near three years, and then commenced logwood-cutter himself. Unsettled in his mind, and still eager in pursuit of new adventures, in less than a year he quitted the logwood-cutters; and about the beginning of 1678, returned to England. In 1679, we find him again returned to Jamaica, with a cargo of merchandise, which being sold at Port Royal, he furnished himself with other goods, such as he knew he could carry to a good market at Campeachy; and by this advantageous traffic, he so enriched himself, as to be able to purchase an estate in his own country, of one whom he knew had a good title to it. And now, sufficiently happy, he was preparing to return home; when one Mr. Hobby invited him to make a short trading voyage to the Moskito-shore, a part of the world he had not yet seen. This invitation to embark in a new adventure he could not resist; and, therefore, sent home the writings of his late purchase to his brother, with the same friends whom he purposed to have accompanied to England himself, and then went on board with Mr. Hobby. The Moskitos, he says, are Indians that inhabit the main, between the Honduras and Nicaragua. They are tall, well-made, raw-boned, lusty, strong, and nimble of foot, long visaged, have lank black hair, look stern, are hard favored, and of a dark copper-coloured complexion. They are but a small nation; the same, perhaps, that Drake calls Symerons. They are very dexterous at throwing the lance, fisgig, harpoon, or any manner of dart, being bred to it from their infancy; for the children, imitating their parents, never go abroad without a lance, which they