and well-watered valleys. The town of Cajeli, and about fourteen Indian dwellings, formed the Dutch settlement. A stone fort, which the Dutch had originally erected, was accidentally blown up in the year 1689; since which time it has no enclosure but that of palisadoes, with a battery of six small cannons. About fifty white people are all that reside on the island, of whom a Sergeant and twenty-five men, commanded by the Resident, form a part. The negroes who reside in the interior parts of the country subsist by the cultivation of rice. The Moors and the Alfourians are the genuine natives of this country; the former are protected by the Dutch factory, who endeavor to inspire them with the dread of all foreigners. These people are principally kept in awe by the influence of their own Chiefs, for whom the Dutch Resident professes a sincere regard. Dutch policy, in this, as in all their other settlements, is the same; by fomenting a jealousy among the Chiefs of their respective dependants, a plot is no sooner formed by one Chief, than it is revealed by another. The natives of Boero are not treated as slaves by the Dutch; their slaves being procured from the islands of Ceram, or Celebes. Unlimited freedom and independence appear to reign among the Alfourians, who, residing on the mountains in the interior parts of the island subsist on the produce of their hunting, with fruits and sago. It is presumed they are not Mahometans, because they eat swines flesh. The principal people among the Alfourians pay occasional visits to the Dutch Resident; "they would do as well (says our author) to stay at home." The chief products of this island are various kinds of wood, particularly black and white ebony; and there is a fine plantation of pepper. The fruits are pine-apples, citrons, lemons, bitter oranges, shaddocks, bananas and cocoa-nuts. Very good barley is likewise a produce of this country. Parrots, and a variety of other birds, many of them extremely beautiful, abound in the woods. There is likewise the wild cat, whose bag under the belly serves for the conveyance of its young. Bats, and serpents of an enormous size, the latter of which are said to have a swallow capacious enough for the reception of a whole sheep. There is a snake too, which, posting itself on the trees, darts into the eye of the passenger who happens to look up, and the bite of this animal is certain death. Crocodiles of an astonishing size reside on the banks of the rivers, devouring such beasts as fall in their way; and men are only protected from their fury by carrying torches in their hands. Mons. Bougainville asserts, that these crocodiles, which roam for prey in the night, have been even known to seize people in their boats. The name of the Resident at Buero is Ouman; he is by birth a Batavian, and is married to a native of Amboyna. He lives in