they (as I have been informed) give them Relief, though they are by express Treaties obliged to do it: A Piece of Inhumanity, which I do not find the Turks or Pagans are arrived to, in any of the known Parts of the World. But these Catholic Christians on the other hand, will, even in these Cases of Distress, which all other Christian Nations consider, use all possible Stratagems to get the Ship into their Hands; in which case the Cargo and Ship is consiscated, and the poor Men, though no way offending, are perhaps made Slaves, and sent to the Mines without Redemption. Which, by the way, (not to say any thing of the particular Cruelty with which the Spaniards treat their Slaves, and which few of them are able to survive many Years) is a degree beyond what is practiced, either at Algier or Salle, Tunis or Tripoli, or by any the Moors of the Barbary Coast. I need go no farther for the Proof of these Things, than the Authentic Relations of those of our own Country, who have been upon the Spot, and who have partly suffered under those Barbarities, and partly been Eyewitnesses to the Sufferings of others, and to the particular Method by which the Spaniards render themselves so odious to the rest of the Christian World for Cruelty and Injustice. That no Nation but the Spaniards, at least no Christian or Mohometan Nation that I have read of, do this but the Spaniards, I think I may appeal for the Proof of, to the general Practice of the English, Dutch and French, in like Cases, and in the same Country. It is true, that neither of these Nations permit any other Nations to trade in their respective Colonies: Reasons of Trade, the Interests of Nations, and the Property of Commerce demands it, that it should be so; that the Trade of the particular Colony may be reserved carefully, separately and distinctly, to the Use and Benefit of the respective Nation to which it of Right belongs. But in any of the said Colonies, if a Ship belonging to another Nation is manifestly driven into the Port or Harbor by stress of Weather, or is in Distress for Fresh Water, or Provisions, the Government will allow them Shelter, and will allow them to take Fresh Water, and purchase Provisions for their Voyage; and this notwithstanding the strictest Prohibitions of Commerece: according to the express Scripture-Law; If thine Enemy be hungry give him Bread to eat, and if he be thirsty give him Water to drink. Prove. xxv. 21. For all Ships of another Nation are, in the Language of Trade, and in the Sense of those Laws of Navigation, a kind of Enemy; as to Commerce, I mean, though otherwise in full Amity; and even if they were in Confederacy it would be the same. It is true, if the Ship so distressed shall transgress the Law, and break in upon the Hospitality which