enterprise of consequence, in which we find him engaged, was in a voyage to the West Indies, as Captain of the Judith, under his relation already mentioned. Those islands, having but lately been discovered, and very little frequented by the English, were thought so much to abound in wealth, that no voyager thither could fail of being recompensed with great advantages. Nothing was talked of among the mercantile or adventurous part of mankind but the beauty and riches of the new world. Fresh discoveries were frequently made; new countries and nations, never heard of before, were daily described; and it may easily be concluded, that the relators did not lessen the merit of their discoveries, by suppressing or diminishing any circumstance that might produce wonder, or excite curiosity. This was the age of enterprise and discovery; and her Majesty encouraged the ardour of her subjects, by furnishing ships and commissions to such officers of distinction in her royal navy as were willing to engage in hazardous pursuits. The projects, however, that were formed, were not always successfully carried into execution; they were frequently defeated by the ignorance of the adventurers, but more often by the malice of the Spaniards, who, from the first discovery of America, considered every other nation that attempted to follow them, as invaders of their rights, and incroachers upon their territories. At that time, however, as now, it was no uncommon thing for those who went in search of new discoveries, to carry on a kind of contraband trade with the new settlers; which, though prohibited by the Crown of Spain, was yet countenanced by the Viceroys and Governors: but even these would sometimes take advantage of the power lodged in their hands, and make prize of the profits which they themselves had been the means of enhancing, under pretense that those profits had been obtained by an illicit trade. Among those who suffered most by the injustice of the Viceroys, was Sir John Hawkins; who, having struck out a new trade, highly advantageous to the parties concerned, though disgraceful to humanity, supplied the Mexican Spaniards with slaves from Africa, and received from them, in return, large remittances in gold and silver. This was connived at, though we do not find that it was absolutely tolerated, by the Spanish court. It was, however, after one of those successful voyages, in which we find two of the Queen's ships engaged (namely, the Jesus, commanded by Hawkins, as Admiral; and the Minion, of which Captain John Hampton was Commander; with four other armed trading ships, among which was the Judith, Captain Drake), that, being driven by stress of weather into the port of St. John d'Ulloa, in the bay of Mexico, they were there waiting for a supply of provisions, when the Spanish fleet from Europe arrived, consisting of 12 sail, richly laden with European merchandise, and on board of which was a new Viceroy. As the port was then absolutely in the power of the English, it