duri est hic filius, ills bubulet. Juven. Sat. XI. 151. Columella, LIB. 1. cap. 8. I own, advises the master to give a reward, and even liberty to a female slave, that had reared him above three children: A proof, that sometimes the ancients propagated from their slaves, which, indeed, cannot be denied. Were it otherwise, the practice of slavery, being so common in antiquity, must have been destructive to a degree, which no expedient could repair. All I pretend by these reasonings is, that slavery is in general disadvantageous both to the happiness and populousness of mankind, and that its place is much better supplied by the practice of hired servants. THE laws, or, as some writers call them, the seditions of the Gracchi, were occasioned by their observing the increase of slaves all over Italy, and the diminution of free-citizens. Appian De bell. civ. lib. 1. ascribes this increase to the propagation of the slaves: Plutarch In vita Tib. andC. Grach. to the purchase of barbarians, who were chained and imprisoned, (...) To the same purpose is that passage of the elder Seneca, ex controversia 5. lib. 5. Arata quondam populis rura, singulorum ergastulorum sunt; latiusque nunc villici, quam olim reges, imperant. At nunc eadem, says Pliny, vincti pedes, damnatae manus, inscripti vultus exercent. lib. 18. cap. 3. So also Martial: Et sonet innumera compede Thuscus ager. lib. 9. ep. 23. And Lucan: Tum longos jungere fines Agrorum, et quondam duro sulcata Camilli, Vomere et antiquas Curiorum passa ligones, Longa sub ignotis extendere rura colonis. lib. 1. Vincto fossore coluntur Hesperiae segetes. lib 7. . It Is to be presumed, that both causes concurred. Sicily, says Florus, LIB. 3. cap. 19. was full of ergastula, and was cultivated by laborers in chains. Eunus and Athenio excited the servile war, by breaking up these monstrous prisons, and giving liberty to 60,000 slaves. The younger Pompey augmented his army in Spain by the same expedient Id. lib. 4 cap. 8. . If the country laborers throughout the Roman empire were so generally in this situation, and if it was difficult or impossible to find separate lodgings for the families of the city servants; how unfavourable to propagation, as well as humanity, must the institution of domestic slavery be esteemed? Constantinople, at present, requires the same recruits of slaves from all the provinces, which Rome did of old; and these provinces are of consequence far from being populous. Egypt, according to Mons. Maillet, sends continual colonies of black slaves to the other parts of the Turkish empire, and receives annually an equal return of white: The one brought from the inland parts of Africa, the other from Mingrelia, Circassia, and Tartary. OUR modern convents are, no doubt, very bad institutions: But there is reason to suspect, that anciently every great family in Italy, and probably in other parts of the world, was a species of convent. And though we have reason to detest all these popish institutions, as nurseries of the