they would gladly subject the greatest part of mankind to real slavery and subjection. But to one, who considers cooly of the subject, it will appear, that human nature, in general, really enjoys more liberty at present, in the most arbitrary government of Europe, than it ever did during the most flourishing period of ancient times. As much as submission to a petty prince, whose dominions extend not beyond a single city, is more grievous than obedience to a great monarch; so much is domestic slavery more cruel and oppressive than any civil subjection whatsoever. The more the master is removed from us in place and rank, the greater liberty do we enjoy; the less are our actions inspected and controlled; and the fainter that cruel comparison becomes betwixt our own subjection, and the freedom and even dominion of another. The remains, that are left of domestic slavery, in our colonies, and amongst some European nations, would never surely create a desire os rendering it more universal. The little humanity commonly observed in persons, accustomed, from their infancy, to exercise so great authority over their fellow creatures, and to trample upon human nature, were sufficient alone to disgust us with that authority. Nor can a more probable reason be given for the severe, I might say, barbarous, manners of ancient times, than the practice of domestic slavery; by which every man of rank was rendered a petty tyrant, and educated amidst the flattery, submission, and low debasement of his slaves. ACCORDING to the ancient practice, all checks were on the inferior, to restrain him to the duty of submission; none on the superior, to engage him to the reciprocal duties of gentleness and humanity. In modern times, a bad servant finds not easily a good master, nor a bad master a good servant; and the checks are mutual, suitable to the inviolate and eternal laws of reason and equity. THE custom of exposing old, useless, or sick slaves in an island of the Tyber, there to starve, seems to have been pretty common in Rome; and whoever recovered, after having been so exposed, had his liberty given him, by an edict of the emperor Claudius; where it was likeways forbid to kill any slave, merely for old age or sickness. Suetonius in vita Claudii. But supposing, that this edict was strictly obeyed, would it better the domestic treatment of slaves, or render their lives much more comfortable? We may imagine what others would practice, when it was the professed maxim of the elder Cato to sell his superannuated slaves for any price, rather than maintain what he esteemed an useless burden. Plut. in vita Catonis. THE ergastula or dungeons, where slaves in chains were beat to work, were very common all over Italy. Columella Lib. 1. cap. 6. advises, that they be always built under ground; and recommends Id. lib. 11. cap. 1. it as the duty of a careful overseer to call over every day the names of these