contributes to dispeople this country even more than the methodical tyranny of the government. To avoid the plunder he is hourly subject to, the master of the family often raises no more grain than what just suffices for the sustenance of his family; this he buries, and he keeps the secret of his hoard to himself, only drawing out daily just so much as serves for the use of the day. If he chances to die suddenly, the family starves; if a bad season comes, the calculated produce falls short, and they are all reduced to beggary. Yet worse, they are even the slaves of slaves; for the Spaniards encourage their negroes to treat them with the greatest insolence; and they politically keep up a rancour, now grown inveterate between these two races of people. They are forbidden, under the severest penalties, to marry, or to have an unlawful intercourse together. Division is the great instrument in which the Spaniards trust for the preservation of their colonies. The native Spaniard has alone all the lucrative offices, civil, ecclesiastical, and military. He despises the Creolian. The Creolian hates and envies him. Both contemn and maltreat the Indians, who, on their side, are not insensible of the indignities they suffer. The blacks are encouraged to trample on the Indians, and to consider their interests as altogether opposite; whilst the Indians in their nominal freedom look with an envious disdain upon the slavery of the negroes, which makes them their masters. What is extraordinary, the Spaniards, not content with reducing this unhappy nation under so cruel a yoke, as if they thought it nothing, unless they were thoroughly sensible of it is weight, suffer the Indians to celebrate an annual festival, in which plays are represented, commemorating the overthrow of their own state. These are acted with all the horrid and aggravating circumstances which attended this event; and the people are at this time so enraged, that the Spaniards find it dangerous to go abroad. In the city of Lima, there is annually celebrated a festival of this kind, with a grand procession, wherein they carry in a sort of triumph the remaining descendant of the yncas of Peru, and his wife; who at that time receive all imaginable honors in the most melancholy pomp, from a race bowed down with the sense of the common bondage of prince and people. This throws the most affecting gloom over the festival that renews the image of their former freedom. To this remaining ynca the viceroy of Peru does homage when he enters upon his government. The ynca sits upon a lofty stage, and the viceroy makes his obeisance upon an horse, who is taught to kneel upon the occasion. This manner of proceeding may be thought of the most refined strain of insolent tyranny, and to be as unpolitic as it is insulting; but it is not impossible that those vents, which they suffer the indignation of the people to take, may carry off