sufficient reward for whatever has been expended upon them. In 1670 the charter was granted to a company for the exclusive trade to this bay, and they have acted under it ever since with great benefit to the private men who compose the company, though comparatively with little advantage to Great Britain. It is true that their trade in beavers and other species of furs is not inconsiderable, and it is a trade in itself of the best kind; it is object enters largely into our manufactures, and carries nothing but our manufactures from us to procure it, and thus it has the qualities of the most advantageous kinds of traffic. The company has besides pretty large returns in deer skins. It is said that the dividends of this company are prodigious; far exceeding what is gained in any of the other great trading bodies; yet their capital is small, they seem little inclined to enlarge their bottom, and appear strongly possessed with that spirit of jealousy that prevails in some degree in all knots and societies of men endued with peculiar privileges. The officers of the company have behaved to those who wintered within their jurisdiction in search of the North-West passage one of the purposes for which the company itself was originally instituted) in such a manner as to give us the truest idea of this spirit. If I had been singular in this opinion, I should have expressed my sentiments with much greater diffidence; but this abuse has been often and loudly complained of. It would appear astonishing that this trade has not hitherto been laid open, if in the perplexing multiplicity of affairs that engages our ministry, something must not necessarily pass unredressed. The vast countries which surround this bay all abound with animals, whose fur is excellent, and some of kinds which are not yet brought into commerce; and the company is very far from any attempt to stretch this trade to it is full extent. If the trade were laid open, it seems of necessity that three capital advantages would ensue: first, that the trade going into a number of rival hands, with a more moderate profit to individuals, it would consume a much greater quantity of our manufactures, employ more of our shipping and seamen, and of course bring home more furs, and by lowering the price of that commodity at home, increase the demand of those manufactures into which they enter at the foreign markets; it might bring home other species of furs than those we deal in at present, and thus open new channels of trade, which in commerce is a matter of great consideration. Secondly, this more general intercourse would make the country better known; it would habituate great numbers of our people to it; it would discover the most tolerable parts for a settlement; and thus, instead of a miserable fort or two, time might show an English colony at Hudson's Bay, which would open the fur trade yet