not be thought so rational. By suffering all the trade to be carried on only between two ports, they discourage in the old world all their towns from that emulation, which would not only enable them to traffic in foreign commodities, but in time to set up fabrics of their own; whereas now, with regard to the export of their commodities, they stand upon the level of strangers; they cannot carry their produce directly to the best market; and it is very certain, that even trifling discouragements operate very powerfully where the commercial spirit is weak, and the trade in it is infancy. Again; in the new world, this confinement of the trade encourages interlopers, and an illicit commerce, too gainful for any regulations to prevent, and which may afford such bribes as will disarm the most rigid justice, and lull the most attentive vigilance. So that in reality it may greatly be doubted, whether the precautions, so systematically pursued, and improved from time to time with so much care and foresight, are at bottom of most advantage or prejudice to that nation. It was probably some consideration of this kind, that first gave rise to the custom of register ships: it was found that this confined commerce supplied it is extensive object very imperfectly; and that those who were at watch to pour in counterband goods, would take advantage of this want of a regular supply from Spain. When therefore a company of merchants of Cadiz or Seville, judge that goods must be wanting at any certain port in the West Indies, the course is, to petition the council of the Indies for license to send a ship of three hundred tuns, or under, to that port. They pay for this license forty or fifty thousand dollars, besides presents to the officers, in proportion to the connivance necessary to their design; for though the license runs to three hundred tuns at the utmost, the vessel fitted out is seldom really less than six hundred. This ship and cargo is registered at the pretended burden. It is required too, that a certificate be brought from the king's officer at the port to which the register ship is bound, that she does not exceed the size at which she is registered; all this passes of course; these are what they call register ships, and by these the trade of Spanish America has been carried on principally for some years past, some think as much to the prejudice of their trade, as contrary to all their former maxims in carrying it on. But to return to the flota. When all the goods are landed, and disposed of at La Vera Cruz, the fleet takes in the plate, precious stones, cochineal, indigo, cacao, tobacco, sugar, and hides, which are their returns for Old Spain. Sometimes in May, but more frequently in August, they are ready to depart. From La Vera Cruz they sail to the Havanna in the isle of Cuba, which is