of the pine, and the luxuriance of the spreading oak, and yet so tender that a few strokes of a fabre were sufficient to lay it prostrate on the earth. Africa was rightly called the mother of monsters, for there was not a sufficient number of minor animals elsewhere to feed the huge beasts that ranged the forests in that country. He was persuaded the interior was healthy, civilized, and so fertile, that the reaper trod on the heels of the sower. "But the thirst of European avarice and cruelty had raised a barrier round the coasts of that quarter, which prevented all communication with the inoffensive inhabitants. The sight of a white face was sufficient to make their curly locks stand on end. Death is natural to man, but slavery unnatural, and the moment you strip a man of his liberty, you strip him of all his virtues; you convert his heart into a dark hole, in which all the vices conspire against you." Toward the close of the conversation, he asked me if I was acquainted with Mr. Sheridan; I answered, that I was very sorry I could not boast that honor. I shall have the pleasure, said he, of introducing you to him, for he is one of the best natured men in the universe; he accompanied me, on my departure, to the door, and told me that Dr. King was a very learned man, assured me that he would be very happy to see me at Beconsfield, "throw yourself in a coach, said he, come down and make my house your inn." In 1788, several petitions were presented to the House of Commons, praying the abolition of the slave trade, and on the 9th of May, in the same year, Mr. Pit moved and carried a resolution founded on their petitions, the purport of which was, to declare that the House would proceed to the investigation of that infamous traffic early in the next session. Mr. Burke entered into this subject with the spirit of a man who felt for all mankind. His eloquence was never poured forth in a better cause -- it was the cause of humanity. As he knew that he had interest and prejudice to contend with, he took the question even on these grounds; he clearly evinced the impolicy of it, raised the African from that low scale of creation into which he had been thrown, up to the dignity of man, vindicated the wisdom, goodness, and providence of God, in the formation, situation, and order of all his beings. His description of a slave ship, and the unhappy wretches that were piled together in its womb, drew tears from many that heard him. He then ran out into an eulogy on humanity, in order to show that man, divested of feeling, may be classed with the greatest monster. -- The part which he took during his Majesty's indisposition in 1788, is sufficiently known. Mr. Burke's best friends must lament that