gone are restored: he gathers Strength every Moment: and he who was despaired of, seems to be quite out of Danger, both to himself, and to all who see him. It is remarkable, that upon drinking the Tar-Water, he voided several Worms of a very extraordinary Size. This Medicine, which is observed to make some Persons costive, is to hydropic Patients a strong Purge. The present is but one of several Instances, wherein the Dropsy has been cured by Tar-Water; which I never knew to fail in any Species of that Malady. I am very credibly informed, that an aged Clergyman of Maidstone in Kent, being reduced to the last Extremity by the Gout in his Stomach, after having tried strong Liquors, and the Methods usual in that Case without Success, betook himself to drink a vast Quantity of warm Tar-Water, still replenishing and letting it take its Course; by which it pleased God to deliver him from the Jaws of Death. A Gentleman in the County of Clare, near Ennis, had a Fever and Pleurisy, and Inflammation of the Lungs, being at the last Extremity, and given over by two Physicians, he was advised to drink Tar-Water, which he did, eight Quarts. Next Morning one of the Doctors asking at what Hour his Patient died? to his great Surprise found he was recovered. This I had from a Parliament Man his Neighbor. When the yellow Fever (as it was called) raged in the West Indies, the Negroes, with a Tub of Tar-Water in their Quarters, did well: but some of the better Sort miscarried, among whom the Physician himself lay at the Point of Death; but his Brother recovered him by pouring down his Throat in Spoonfuls, some of the same Liquor that recovered the Negroes. The Fact was related to me by a Gentleman who was then in the Island of St. Christopher's, and knew it to be true. A Physician himself, not long since assured me, he had cured an Ulcer in the Bladder, by ordering his Patient to drink Tar-Water, when he had tried all other Methods in vain, and thought the Case incurable But it would be endless to relate the Effects of Tar-Water, in desperate Cases. The Recovery of Mrs. Wilson, Daughter to the late Bishop of London, from a lingering hopeless Disorder, was a noted Case, and attested to by his Lordship. I have even been informed upon good Authority, of two or three Instances, wherein Persons have been recovered by Tar-Water, after they had Rattles in the Throat. In certain Cases, a smaller Quantity of Tar-Water has proved ineffectual, when a larger has perfected the Cure. A Woman of Cloyne got cold after Childbearing, which occasioned a great Pain in her Thigh, Swelling also and Redness; she continued in great Torment above three Weeks. She then began to drink Tar-Water, but not drinking much she did not perceive much good; and when there was not any Hopes of her Life, she was