At the same time these proud People are more destitute than Savages, and more abject than Negroes. The Negroes in our Plantations have a Saying, If Negro was not Negro, Irishman would be Negro. And it may be affirmed with truth, that the very Savages of America are better clad and better lodged than the Irish Cottagers throughout the fine fertile Counties of Limerick and Tipperary. Having long observed and bewailed this wretched State of my Countrymen, and the Insufficiency of several Methods set on foot to reclaim them, I have recourse to your Reverences, as the dernier Resort. Make them to understand that you have their Interest at heart, that you persuade them to work for their own Sakes, and that GOD has ordered Matters so as that, they who will not work for themselves, must work for others. The Terrors of Debt, Slavery, and Famine should, one would think, drive the most slothful to Labor. Make them sensible of these Things, and that the Ends of Providence and Order of the World require Industry in human Creatures. Man goes forth to his Work, and to his Labor until the Evening, says the Psalmist, when he is describing the Beauty, Order and Perfection of the Works of GOD. Psalm. civ. ver. 23. But what says the slothful Person? Yet a little Sleep, a little Slumber, a little folding of the Hands to sleep Prove. chapter vi. ver. 10. . But, what says the Wiseman? so shall thy Poverty come as one that travelleth, and thy Want as an armed Man Prove. chapter vi. ver. 11. . All Nature will furnish you with Arguments and Examples against Sloth, Go to the Ant thou Sluggard, cries Solomon. The Ant, the Be, the Beetle, and every Insect but the Drone, reads a Lesson of Industry to Man. But the shortest and most effectual Lesson is that of Saint Paul, If any Man will not work neither should he eat 2 Thessalonians. chapter iii. ver. 10. . This Command was injoined the Thessalonians, and equally respects all Christians, and indeed all Mankind; it being evident by the Light of Nature, that the whole Creation works together for Good, and that no Part was designed to be useless.; as therefore the Idle Man is of no use, it follows, that he has no Right to a Subsistence. Let them work, says the Apostle, and eat their own Bread 2 Thessalonians. chapter iii. ver. 12. ; not Bread got by Begging, not Bread earned by the Sweat of other Men; but their own Bread, that which is got by their own Labor. Then shall thou eat the Labor of thine Hands, says the Psalmist, to which he adds, Happy shall thou be and it shall be well with thee Psalm. cxxxviii. ver. 2. ; intimating, that to work and enjoy the Fruits thereof is a great Blessing. A slothful Man's Imagination is apt to dress up Labor in a horrible Mask; but horrible as it