to trust to. Such is the perpetual mixture of good and evil, that embarrasses the choice and balances the event of human councils. We cannot command the issue; let us make sure of the intent. The first question that will naturally occur to all parties is to ask me, what is your general intention? You say, you do not now propose to abolish the trade. Do you mean to emancipate the Negroes in the Islands? In effect, Sir, I have answered that question already. It cannot be my intention, because it is not in my power, nor would I venture it, if it were. Before I discharged them from their present evil condition, I should be bound to provide for their subsistence and security in a better. Otherwise their freedom, unprepared and unprovided for, might be their instant destruction. They must be furnished with the means of subsisting on the spot, and instructed to make use of them. Liberty, like all other human advantages and enjoyments, has difficulties of its own, which he, who has been bred in slavery, will not suddenly know how to contend with. In some cases the planters are ready enough to make their slaves free, that is, to turn them adrift when from age or infirmity they are past their labor, and leave them at liberty to shift for themselves. For this proof of the liberality of planters, the House, I imagine, will give them but little credit. The same principle operates through all their conduct. Their sole consideration is the profit or the loss. The Negro, in every stage of his existence, is, some way or other, the subject of cruelty or injustice, of which the final effort, when it can exact no more, is to refine upon all the rest, and at last to set him free. I do not say that such conduct has been universal. Undoubtedly some planters are wiser and more humane than others. But that the practice I allude to has prevailed, I affirm from the best evidence, from the laws of the Islands, which declare the fact, and pretend to put a stop to it. But for what reason? Is it because justice or humanity forbid that these helpless wretches should be let loose to starve and to perish at the period of their service? No, Sir; no such thing. The laws interpose, avowedly, for no purpose but to destroy a nuisance, to remove an eyesore, or to discourage theft. These immoral beings, it seems, are determined to eat. If you will not give them food, they take it by stealth. The appropriated rights of nourishment are invaded by these free Negroes. No edible property is secure from them. And is that an evil to be endured for a moment by an enlightened legislature? -- No, Sir, it is not my design to give such freedom on such terms; nor will I leave it to the master to dissolve the relation between his slave and himself, just whenever