I utterly disbelieve, that this trade is profitable; but no man has yet had the courage to affirm, or even to insinuate that it is not criminal. The question then is not, whether the trade be criminal, but in what degree? Is it a crime of the highest guilt in morals, or is it in practice capable of palliation? Will it admit of an excuse? No, Sir; I declare upon my honor and my conscience, none. I pass by the traffic as it is conducted on the coast of Africa, the temptation you give to one human creature to make a property of another, and to sell him to perpetual slavery. I take no notice of the miseries it produces in that country. Remember only that, whatever they are, you are answerable for them all. You create the market, and it is the market that constitutes the demand, and produces the supply. I shall not insist on the horrors of the Middle Passage. You do well to pass over them with disregard. The most determined mind, the most obdurate heart, if it be human, could not listen to the evidence, on that subject, without torture. I take these creatures in that, which is stated to be their best situation; at their landing in the islands; at their arrival in the land of promise, where they are instantly to find relief from their sufferings; where, in return for a moderate degree of labor, a tolerable mode of existence is provided for them. You say you have paid for them; that they subsist at your expense, and that you have a right to their labor. Be it so. On that principle, let us see how they are treated. In considering the state of slavery in the West Indies, the object, that instantly strikes my mind with a force and conviction, to which the evidence of special facts hardly makes an addition, is the power of corporal punishment, allotted as I find it. I do not ask you to inquire in what manner this power is exercised, but how it is disposed of, and to whom it is trusted, and then to determine what must be the effect of it. They know nothing of the human constitution, who have not observed, that power of every sort, of one man over another, has a natural tendency to deprave and corrupt the mind. The moment I hear of such power, uncontrouled, in any hand, I conclude that the depravity is unlimited. The actual exercise of it, in the infliction of punishment, assuredly introduces that worst and most odious of all disorders in the moral system, personal cruelty. The truth of these principles is acknowledged by the spirit and caution of our penal laws in every other instance, by the care they take, in all criminal proceedings, to separate the interest from the judgment, and the judgment from the execution. They will not suffer such characters and powers to be united in one person; nor are