qu'ils voient autour d'eux des hommes grands et robustes, destines a deviner, a prevenir leur volonte. Ce premier coup d'oeil doit leur donner d'eux-memes Popinion la plus extravagante. Rarement exposes a trouver de la resistance dans leurs fantaisies meme injustes, ils prennent un esprit de presomption. de tyranny, et de mepris extreme, pour une grande portion du genre humain. Rien n'est plus insolent que l'homme que vit presque toujours avec ses inferieurs; mais quand ceuxci sont des esclaves, accoutumees a servir des enfans, a craindre jusqu' a des cris qui doivent leur attirer des chatimens; que peuvent devenir des maitres qui n'ont jamais obei, des mechans qui n'ont jamais ete punis, des foux qui mettent des hommes a la chain? Histoire Philosophique et Politic des Etablissemens des Europeens dans les Deux Indes, l. 4. p. 201. -- [In English thus: "It is from this slavery of negroes, that the Creoles derive, in a great measure, that character which makes them appear capricious and fantastical, and of a style of manners which is not relished in Europe. Scarcely have the children learned to walk, when they see around them tall and robust men, whose province it is to guess their inclinations, and to prevent their wishes. This first observation must give them the most extravagant opinion of themselves. From being seldom accustomed to meet with any opposition, even in their most unreasonable whims, they acquire a presumptuous and tyrannical disposition, and entertain an extreme contempt for a great part of the human race. None is so insolent as the man who lives almost always with his inferiors; but when these inseriors are slaves, accustomed to serve insants, and to fear even their crying, for which they must suffer punishment, what can be expected of those masters who have never obeyed, profligates who have never met with chastisement, and madmen who load their fellow creatures with chains?"] ? Why are carters a rugged set of men? Plainly because horses, their slaves, submit without resistance. An ingenious writer, describing Guiana in the southern continent of America, observes, that the negroes, who are more numerous than the whites, must be kept in awe by severity of discipline. And he endeavors to justify the practice; urging, that beside contributing to the safety of the white inhabitants, it makes the slaves themselves less unhappy. "Impossibility of attainment," says he, "never fails to annihilate desire of enjoyment; and rigid treatment, suppressing every hope of liberty, makes them peaceably submit to slavery." Sad, indeed, must be the condition of slaves, if harsh treatment contribute to make them less unhappy. Such reasoning may be relished by rough European planters, intent upon gain: I am inclined, however, to believe, that the harsh treatment of these poor people is more owing to the avarice of their masters, than to their own perverseness In England, slavery subsisted so late as the sixteenth century. A commission was issued by Queen Elizabeth, anno 1574, for enquiring into the lands and goods of all her