three years, in order to be repaid to the importer, if the goods be experted within that time: but, by the method proposed, the duty would be paid to the treasury as the goods are sold, which might be within a month from the time of importation, perhaps a week; and the treasury would profit, as well as the fair trader. There are public warehouses adjoining to the custom-house of Bourdeaux, where the sugars of the French colonies are deposited, till the importer finds a market; and he pays the duty gradually, as sales are made. It rejoices me, that the same method is practiced in this island, with respect to some foreign articles necessary in our trade with Africa: the duty is not demanded till the goods are shipped for that continent. It is also put in practice with respect to foreign salt, and with respect to rum imported from our sugar-colonies. Beside the equity of what is here proposed, which relieves the importer from advance of money, and from risk, many other advantages would be derived from it. In the first place, the merchant, having no occasion to reserve any portion of his capital for answering the duty, would be enabled to commence trade with a small stock, or to increase his trade, if his stock be large: trade would flourish, and the public revenue would increase in proportion. Secondly, It would lessen smuggling. Many a one who commences trade with upright intention, is tempted to smuggle for want of ready money to pay the duty. Thirdly, This manner of levying the duty would not only abridge the number of officers, but remove every pretext for claiming discount on presence of leakage, samples, and the drying or shrinking of goods. In the present manner of levying, that discount must be left to the discretion of the officer: a private understanding is thus introduced between him and the merchant, hurtful to the revenue, and destructive to morals. Fourthly, the merchant would be enabled to lower his prices, and be forced to lower them, by having many rivals; which, at the same time, would give access to augment importation-duties, without raising the price of foreign commodities above what it is at present. But the capital advantage of all would be, to render, in effect, every port in Britain a free port, enabling English merchants, many of whom have great capitals, to outstrip foreigners in what is termed A COMMERCE OF SPECULATION. This island is well situated for such commerce; and were our ports free, the productions of all climates would be stored up in them, ready for exportation, when a market offers; an excellent plan for increasing our shipping, and for producing boundless wealth. SECT. V. RULES TO BE OBSERVED in TAXING. THE different objects of taxes, and the intricacy thereby occasioned, require general rules, not only for directing the legislature in imposing them, but for enabling others to judge what are beneficial, and what hurtful. The first rule I