price, My fortune's made, and you alone command My future life -- AMELIA. -- I know not what it means, Some secret intimation moves my mind, That no felicity can ever attend Riches obtained by such inhuman ways. ANTONIO. Are these untoward sentiments conceived From Laura's guileful tears and whining tales? Can my Amelia estrange her mind From reason, and her proper judgment yield To errors, which prevail alone through fraud? AMELIA. There Is more than fraud, more than invention fills The story of that hapless virgin's fate. ANTONIO. What inhumanity disturbs your thoughts? The navigator is not culpable; He takes the common traffic of the land, And by his toil brings riches to the state; The police of the nations there is such, Like other animals, the herdsman sells The Negro drove. -- AMELIA. -- I tremble at the thought! They that promote the sin, partake the crime. ANTONIO. Inferior in creation, though in form Of human kind; -- each race of animals Knows its gradations; -- and from perfect man, The Negro tribe is intermediate; It links the series, that straight descend Into the monkey line. -- AMELIA. -- If you would save My mind from detestation, treat not thus A subject, over which my laboring soul Endures acutest pangs; if you would win My better sentiments, this traffic leave; The generous association join, Who labor in humanity's great cause, With holy zeal, to gain abolishment Of your infernal merchandise. -- ANTONIO. My heart, Already yours, your dictates must pursue. AMELIA. It Is well, Antonio, and my confidence Renews: my Laura's sorrows fill my mind; I must procure the maid her liberty. ANTONIO. And when obtained, what prospect will ensue? Where are the means of giving happiness? You Will only send her forth to meagre want, And in a foreign land, a vagabond, Expose her to a thousand miseries. AMELIA. She must return to Africa again, Her country, and her friends. -- ANTONIO. -- Romantic thought! The wandering tribe she left, perhaps dispersed, The government dissolved, new tyrants reign; And warfare, the rough habit of their lives, With checkered fortunes marks each petty Prince, Now reigning, now in chains, -- on Afric's coast, To greater perils, greater woes exposed; There Is not a slave that in this province toils, But, if returned, would worship the dire name Of slavery, that makes them tremble now. AMELIA. Your arguments enlarge the dreadful bounds Of that vast sin which on your traffic rests; If restitution is impossible, The base captivity, (that thus cuts off All human hope, and no kind limit yields To the sad injury, but in the tomb,) Of all the crimes on earth, becomes the worst: My weary mind now finds no resting place, ANTONIO. Even the servitude in which they sigh, Affords superior happiness and ease To what their birthright gave -- AMELIA. -- Desist, desist, I Will hear no more. -- It Is in the human mind The various estimates of happiness Are ranged, whilst free