-- ANTONIO. -- The legislature wisely saw Inevitable ruin must succeed, If instantly we should emancipate And trust to hirelings. -- Such excessive change In dire confusion would involve the land; What mode of government could ever restrain The slaves discharged and set at liberty? That mighty work must by progression move, And into habit grow by slow degrees; Experience of clemency and laws, That mutual safety yield, must tame The savage's ferocious habit first, And fit him for subordinance. -- PEMBROKE. -- This day The council sits: -- On their opinion hangs The fate of thousands: -- If yet adverse Time His withered hand extends against the steps Of liberty, a stigma he implants, Which all his smiles, for ages, will not erase: The issue I expect impatiently. Exit. ANTONIO. Are you deceived, Amelia, by such phrase? Whilst honesty, with open countenance, Is rash perhaps, and speaks too much of truth, Despising subtlety: -- For that man's god Is avarice: -- He Would suit the Japanese, And on the Christian's ensign trade and traffic. AMELIA. Your mind is heated, and resentment prompts The character you draw -- ANTONIO. -- We soon may prove His public virtue, when his interest Is fairly recognized: -- for me, I own The trade has much of bitterness and woe: Command me in your Laura's interest; But first provide her some establishment, To bless and crown with liberty. End of the FIRST ACT. ACT II. Scene, a Plantation and Slaves at Work. The stage being extended, sun^ry persons are seen performing the various labors of slaves; the back scene continuing the representation. CALABAN and HORATIO. CALABAN. THIS was a glorious voyage! -- The sturdy knaves Are fit for any labor, and we bring Full fifteen hundred safely to the port. HORATIO. What province are they of? -- For much depends Upon the breed; some of the upland slaves, That border on the desert, are of mind So dark and so indocile, that they seem Of one gradation only above brutes; Those of more eastern clime are indolent, (As bears are sluggish, and not moved by stripes,) They Will neither serve the mill nor till the ground. CALABAN. Well, master, mine are of the favorite breed; Twice ten degrees removed from the baboon; Their form is human, and they are almost men: Boney and strong, of countenance acute, And as hyaenas savage: -- they are the slaves For labor; as the mind is fierce and quick, Their bodies in proportion active are; On mountains skirts and wilds of Zara bred, The topsmen drove the herd to Niger's banks, The mart of Africa. -- HORATIO. -- Five hundred males I purchase at your price; but in the lot I Will not receive that brute, that stands aloof, And looks as if he held high estimate Of his own consequence; a slave like him Would soon create a mutiny, and stir My whole plantation into plots and vile Conspiracies. -- CALABAN. -- The creature's only mad, Through