poignard trembling at his Master's breast. "O Thou, whom no rememberance can move, "Nor cradled tenderness, nor manly love, "Dare not to think that QUA-SHI's soul will bear "The public Insults which thy hands prepare, "Think not the bloody Morn these eyes shall view, "Nor think for pardon that these lips shall sue, "No Monster, no, my soul's above my fate, "Scorns thy proud mercy as it braves thy hate; "Thus Tyrant, thus, thy fury I defy, "Live Thou to Shame, while I in honor die." He spoke -- the Poignard sluic'd the crimson flood, And bathed the Master in the Servant's blood. If thou would Negro TENDERNESS behold, Seek with the Muse the coast where broods the gold; A Snelgrave. Briton there -- immortal be his name, By pity's Angel marked with endless fame! A Briton there, an Indian Infant found, For savage rites by superstition bound, The Negro King amidst the crowd he sought, And at the Sacrifice the victim bought, Then to the Ship his trembling Charge conveyed, While all the sable train with awe surveyed; But scarce the Babe was placed upon the deck, Than loud was heard a female's piercing shriek, "'It Is he! it is he! it is the babe I bore, "Whom savage Acqua from this bosom tore, "Ah! come my own -- resume thy couch of rest, "And cling once more to this maternal breast, "Blessed be the hand, by EGHO formed to save, "Thrice bless the Hand that led me here a slave, "Blessed be the Author of these transports wild, "And blessed the power which has restored my Child!" She could no more, but still the speaking eye, Owned the rich gift of sweet HUMANITY! But when she heard her infant had been bought, Even as the flame its tender limbs had caught, "O Indian God, Oh! God-like White, she said, While over her fable cheek the crimson spread, "All that a parent, all a slave can give, "O God-like White, O Indian God receive!" Kneeling she wept, then kissed her rescued Child, While in her jetty arms the Infant smiled; Dances and Songs of Praise now struck the waves, And one strong charm like magic touched the slaves, Through the long voyage obedient they remain, Nor sounding whip is heard, nor clanking chain. Touched is thy heart, O Merchant of thy kind, Does human Softness steal into thy mind? Roused is the spark, too long repressed by Gold? Then bend thy heart to what we next unfold: Now, while perchance the human passions move, O view the force of friendship and of Love, In Negro bosoms see those powers at strife, Which form the bliss and agony of life. ZEBRON and ZABOR of the jetty race, Were first in feature and proportioned grace, Bright as the Antelope their radiant eyes, As the proud Palm Tree tow'r'd their equal size, Both wore alike the Tyger's speckled spoil, Brothers in dress, in pastime and in toil; Slaves though they were, even