Value of them but a Trifle. This is the more needful to be observed here, to give all Men leave to take Notice of the remarkable Justice of the present Separate Traders who oppose the Company; who would not only have the Company's Forts and Castles vallued at little or nothing, but would not have that little paid them neither, but would have them taken from them; either by divesting the Company of their Property upon a pretended Assignment for Payment of Debts, or which is equally just, would have them put into the Hands of the Government, without making any Satisfaction to the present Company for them, which is little better than endeavoring to get an Act to make a General Plunder of the Company's Effects. Nor was this all, but when they proposed that the Government should have the Forts and Castles, their Juftice to the Government was as Eminent as their Justice to the Company, for they were not to make any Settled Payment to the Government, for the Expense of Maintaining the Garrisons, etc. and the Forts, except a Certain Rate per Cent. upon an uncertain Degree of Trade; for no Man was to Export more than he pleased, or to pay for more than he Exported. These are Speciments of the Justice of the Treatment both the Company and the Government were to meet with with from these Gentlemen. But to return to the Case in Hand. The Company having obtained a Charter from the Crown, and their Trade secured with exclusive Privileges, suited to its Preservation at Home, and with Forts, Castles, and Settlements, for its Defense Abroad, went on prosperously for many Years. If any Persons yet remained doubtful of the Necessity and Advantage of this Trade, or of the Magnitude it rose to under the Protection of the several Princes aforesaid, it might not be amiss to enlarge here, by telling them, What in the Space of Twenty Years, or thereabout, they Exported in English Manufactures; How many Negroes, they sent to the English Colonies in the West Indies; and how many Thousand, Ounces of Gold they brought into England, beside the Export of Foreign Goods by Debentures, and the Import of many Thousand Pounds Sterling. in Wax, Elephants Teeth, Drugs and valuable Commodities, the Growth of the Country there, and necessary to ours here. We might tell you how, had this Trade been neglected and left languishing, as it has been since, under the Depredations of Interlopers and Separate Traders, the Hazards of the War, and Losses at Sea; had they been worryed, and kept in constant Alarm by the Attacks and Barking of their Rivals in the Trade, not a third Part of the Poor had been employed, whom their Trade kept Alive; not a third Part of the Negroes had been carried to America, though at double Price; and not a Tenth Part of the Gold had been brought in to help our declining Cash to circulate, in a