the whole devoured by the Dutch, who in a short time would effectually destroy both. Upon this Principle the Company applied themselves to the Parliament about the Year School, and obtained an Act to permit all People who thought fit to Adventure, to Trade to Africa, and from thence to the English Colonies, paying only to the Company the rate of 10 l. per Cent. besides the ordinary Duties to the Crown: Which Ten per Cent. was of the Forts, Castles, etc. and for receiving the Protection of them in their Trade. It would be worth while here, and in the pursuit of these Papers We shall not fail, in order to let indifferent People judge of the Pretenses on both sides, to examine the Dimensions of the Trade, the Export and Import from and to England, the Number of Negroes sent to the Colonies in the West Indies, and the Price which is given there now for them; and comparing these with the like Article of the Trade during the Company's free Enjoyment of their exclusive Privileges, draw a State of the Difference; that it may be plain to every Man's Eye, who are or are not the best qualified to carry on this great and advantageous Trade for the Good of the Nation. But We adjourn this for a little. The Act of Parliament for Granting this Liberty of Commerce, upon the Payment of the Sum aforesaid, has done the Interlopers one Favor, ( viz.) That it has legitimated them under a New Name, disdaining the scandalous Title of Interlopers, which are indeed but the Raparees or Highway-men of Trade; They have christened themselves by the Name or Title of 10 per Cent. Men, alias Separate Traders, and by this new Dignity we are to understand them. The Company, as it may well be imagined, under the Torture of this growing Evil, like a Body under the Weight of a cruel and incurable Disease, has sensibly wasted and decayed, suffered innumerable Inconveniences and Discouragements, enough to sink them far lower than they are yet fallen. First, The Decay of their Trade has made the Charge of maintaining their Settlement be an Article that has continually fed upon their Dead Stock, and eaten long upon their Capital; the Charge being the same as when their Trade was most Flourishing; the 10 per Cent. which was allowed them by Act of Parliament going but a very little way to defray the Charge. 2 dly, As they have grown weaker and less able to protect their Trade, so that Weakness has happened at a time when their Strength was most needful; having not only the Natives on Shore to resist, but the Enemies of England to contend with, ( viz.) the French. And here it is humbly noted, in behalf of the Company, That their Forts and Castles indeed were built for the Defense and Protection of their Commerce, either against the Insults of the African Natives, or the Encroachments of