extended Commerce open great and glorious Blessings, are so entirely known and envied by the Turkish Court, that they reflect, with grief, upon those Maxims of their Policy, whose rigid Dictates have confined their Traffic to the meaner Profits of Domestic Correspondence. THEY would willingly abate the rigor of their Laws, to taste the Sweets of so desired a Liberty, but fear the breaking one Decree should shock another; Why not encouraged by their Government. for 'twould be full as dangerous to a Turkish Sultan to permit a Traffic Foreign and Domestic, and thereby, let his People grow more Rich and Wise, as should some heedless Sailor in tempestuous Weather strike a Window through the Sides of a deep laden Vessel to admit the Light, and thereby let in dangerous Waves to sink the Ship in a tumultuous Ocean; however, their esteem for Trade, and inclinations to encourage it, as far as may consist with the Security of the Sultan and his Power, may be discovered by the Efforts used to draw as many Merchants to the Harbors of their Empire, as may settle a continued Commerce with the Turks, from the respective Nations which they all belong to. The glorious Titles of the Turks Metropolis. CONSTANTINOPLE is to this end named, The Harbor of the Universe; Throne of Splendor, and The Seat of Riches: But the common Title, which both Turks and Christians give that City, is, The Ottoman Port, and by that Name alone we generally express it. SINCE then their want of Skill in Maritime Affairs, and the discountenance of the Supreme and Arbitrary Power, forbid their sending Ships abroad, let us proceed to see what Foreign Nations condescend to sell the Manufactures of their Country in a Turkish Market. The British Factory at Constantinople. AND first, the Trade we manage with these People is so great and advantageous, that the Right Worshipful the Turkey Company employ a worthy and a numerous Factory at Constantinople, consisting commonly of five or six and twenty Merchants, with their Servants and Dependants, for whose Protection and Encouragement, the Kings and Queens of England, The Antiquity of the Turkey Company. since the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, have still maintained some wise Ambassador at the Turkish Court, whose prudent Managements, have all along preserved a sure Establishment of profitable Commerce, and defended both their Persons, Character, and Factory, from those affrontive Insolences, and audacious Impositions, which the haughty Carriage of the Sultan's Ministers, have often offered with success to other Nations. The Factory at Aleppo. ANOTHER British Factory is settled at Aleppo, under the direction of a Consul of our Nation, but that City standing far from any Port but Scanderoon, or Alexandrietta, a little Town which borders on Cilicia, and lies in 39 Degrees of Northern Latitude, that is the Harbor whence the Goods are carried to and from Aleppo, by the Merchant Ships of our and other Nations. The other at Smyrna. SMYRNA has its Factory and Consul, and in