(a scarce Commodity in Egypt) and returning back, with many rich and costly Manufactures of Grand Cairo, and the Country round it, such as Drugs of excellent and noted Virtues in Medicinal Operations, fine Perfumes, the Skins of Beasts, peculiar to this Place, vast quantities of Dates, much larger, and of better taste than any other, Sugar Canes in great abundance, and a stately kind of Carpets, made at Cairo, in appearance richer, and by far more durable, than those, they make in any other Part of the Grand Signior's Empire. What English Ships import from Egypt. BESIDES these Merchandises, which our English Ships have constant Trade with Egypt for, we often are supplied at easy Rates, with many of the rich and valuable Silks, and other Products of the Indian Countries, brought to Cairo by the Monthly Caravans, and thence exported, at convenient Opportunities, to every distant Part of Trading Christendom. What they export to it. BY way of Barter for the Merchandises, we receive from thence, we load our Ships with nothing more than these Commodities (the Product of our own and Foreign Manufactures) which I have largely mentioned in the Chapter, treating of the Trade, at present carried on, between our Countrymen, and those of Turkey. How the French, Dutch, and Venetians trade with Egypt. THE French and Dutch both carry on a Trade with Egypt, but inferior much to that, we manage in the Port of Alexandria; but the Venetians deal for a peculiar kind of Ashes, made of Lime, calcined with the broad Leaves of certain low and spreading Herbs, which grow on the else Barren Deserts of this Country; of which, when they have used some Arts at home, in the refining and new moulding it, they make the famous Crystal, and so celebrated Glasses, which are much esteemed, and numerously sent about to every Part of Europe. BEFORE I close this Chapter, 'twill not be digressive from the Subject, I am treating on, to tell the Etymology, from whence we give the Name to Paper. Whence our Writing Paper took its Name. THERE is a very common Herb, which grows in the Egyptian Marshes, called of old Papyrus Nilotica, from the Appellation of the River; it is a kind of stringly Leaf, of Filamental Substance, which the Ancients used to strip in Flakes, of which it is almost naturally composed, then spreading them upon a Board, they moistened them with certain Waters of a stiptic Composition, and by pressing them with weighty Instruments, so well enabled them to bear the Writing on, that they were used by all Men for that purpose, and composed most part of those unnumber'd Volumes in the Library of Philadelphus. Why the Author is so short upon this subject. IT IS needless to enlarge on the particulars of the abovenam'd Manufactures, hence exported, since they are not only long since extant in the lists of many Writers, but are now become Familiar to the Trading part of England,