work of ages; that in the course of their progress each generation grew hardened to the climate it had reached; and that after their arrival in America, they would again be gradually accustomed to warmer and warmer climates, in their removal from north to south, as they had in the reverse, or from south to north. Part of the Tigers still inhabit the eternal snows of Ararat, and multitudes of the very same species live, but with exalted rage, beneath the Line, in the burning soil of Borneo or Sumatra; but neither Lions or Tigers ever migrated into the New World. A few of the first are found in India and Persia, but they are found in numbers only in Africa. The Tiger extends as far north as western Tartary, in lat. 40. 50, but never has reached Africa. I shall close this account with observing, that it could be from no other part of the globe except Asia, from whence the New World could receive the animal creation. The late voyage of the illustrious COOK has reduced the probable conjectures of philosophers into certainty. He has proved that the limits of the Old and New World approach within thirteen leagues of each other. We know that the intervening streights are frequently frozen up; and we have great reason to suppose, that the two continents might have been once united, even as low as the Aleutian islands, or lat. 52. 30. Thus are discovered two means of passage from Asia to America; the last in a climate not more rigorous than that which several animals might very well endure, and yet afterward proceed gradually to the extreme of heat. In fact, every other system of the population of the New World is now overthrown. The conjectures of the learned, respecting the vicinity of the Old and New, are now, by the discoveries of our great navigator, lost in conviction. The strained systems of divines, laudably indeed exerted in elucidating SACRED WRIT, appear to have been ill-founded; but, in the place of imaginary hypotheses, the real place of migration is uncontrovertibly pointed out. Some (from a passage in Plato) have extended over the Atlantic, from the streights of Gibraltar to the coast of North and South America, an island equal in size to the continents of Asia and Africa; over which had passed, as over a bridge, from the latter, men and animals; wool-headed Negroes, and Lions and Tigers Catcott on the Deluge, edit. 2d. p. 139, 15, etc. , none of which ever existed in the New World. A mighty sea arose, and in one day and night engulphed this stupendous tract, and with it every being which had not completed its migration into America. The whole Negro race, and almost every Quadruped, now inhabitants of Africa, perished in this critical day. Five only are to be found at present in America; and of these only one, the Bear On the reasoning of Mr. Zimmerman ( Zool. Geogr. 476), and