Britain, Germany, and northern Europe, even to the extremity of the inhabited north. The smallpox, and other epidemics, are mentioned as contributing to thin the island. During the time of the plague, tradition relates, in terms most graphically horrid, that the persons who escaped to the mountains, saw the whole low country covered with a thick pestiferous fog. A guess may be made at the number of inhabitants in the eleventh century; for a bishop of Schalholt caused, in 1090, all who were liable to pay tribute to be numbered: four thousand of that rank were found; so that, giving five to a family, the sum is twenty thousand Arngrim Jonas's Comment. Iceland, in Hackluyt, i. 556. . Much of the labor in the northern world falls to the female part of the family; and in those patriarchal times, the sons also shared the toil. I cannot therefore under-rate the number of commonalty, or untaxable people, heads of families, at ten thousand; which, by the same rule, will give fifty thousand of the lower rank. Besides the dearth of food in this rude island, other causes contribute to prevent the increase of inhabitants. Necessity forces the men to seek from the sea subsistence, denied by their niggardly land. Constant wet, cold, and hard labor, abridge the days of thousands; and that labor is increased tenfold, to supply the rapacity of their masters. Incredible as it may seem, a late king of Denmark sold the whole island, and its inhabitants, to a company of merchants, for the annual rent of one thousand pounds. This company enslave the poor natives; who are bound to sell their fish, the staple of the island, at a low price to these monopolizers; who, dreading resistance, even have taken from them the use of firearms! Here is given a stronger cause of depopulation, perhaps, than the others; for Hymen can have but faint votaries in the land from whence liberty is banished. But for these causes, here ought to be found the genuine species of the Norman race, unmixed with foreign blood; as must be the case with every place remote from the rest of the world. Here are to be sought the ancient customs and diet of their original stock, which are now probably worn out in the land of their distant ancestors. The luxury of food has so little crept in among them, that their meat and drink in general is peculiar to themselves; and much of the former composed of herbs neglected in other places. DRESS. The dress of the natives seems unchanged for a very considerable time: that of the men is simple, not unlike that of the Norwegian peasants See Olaffen, i. tab. iii. Ponroppidan, ii. tab. p. 272. ; that of the females is graceful, elegant, and peculiar to them, and perhaps some very old-fashioned Norwegian lady. They ornament themselves with silver chains and rich plates of silver, beautifully wrought. On their head is a lofty slender dress, not unlike