black cattle, stock fish, tallow, hides, train-oil, tar, pitch, iron, and furs, and import salt, wine, brandy, and silk, from France, Portugal, and Italy; broad-cloths, clocks, cabinet-work, locks, etc. from England. They possess the islands of St. Croix, St. Thomas, and the small island of St. John, in the West Indies; which are free ports, renowned for smuggling, and the fort of Christianburg, on the coast of Guinea, and carry on a considerable commerce with the Mediterranean. Of the Baltic sea they have in a great measure the command, being possessed of the passage of the Sound, which is a narrow straight, between two and three miles over, between Sweden and Denmark, through which all ships pass and repass, to and from the Baltic. This pass is guarded by the fortress of Cronberg. A toll is paid to the Crown of Denmark, by all ships that pass this way. This toll seems to have taken its rise, and to have been first laid on, by consent of the traders into the Baltic, for the maintenance of light-houses, at certain places on that coast. And though there is another passage into this sea, by a straight between the islands of Funen and Seeland, called the Great-belt, yet, that was disused, and ships, by the same consent, were obliged to pass the Sound, that they might all pay their quota toward the support of such lights. But there being no fixed rule or treaty, with respect to the sums to be paid by the many nations that passed this way, the Danes, in process of time, grew arbitrary, and exacted more or less, according to the strength, or weakness, of those they had to deal with, or according to their friendship with those states, to whom the several ships belonged. Many have been the treaties respecting this toll within these 200 years; and the King of Denmark's title to the right of exacting it, is now so slightly grounded, and his not having possession of the castle of Helsingburg, in Sweden, on the other side, which once he had, that it is continued only by favor, and the public law of Europe. It has been generally asserted, that the castle of Cronberg guards the Sound; and that all ships must, on account of the shoal-water and currents, steer so near the batteries, as to be exposed to their fire: but this is not the case; on account of the numerous and opposite currents, the safest passage is near the fortress, but the water, in any part, is of sufficient depth for vessels to keep at a distance from the batteries; and the largest ships can even sail close to the coast of Sweden: but the several nations consent to pay a small toll, from one to one and a half per cent. on their cargoes, and every ship lowers her topsails as she passes. The Danes, however, are obliged to take the master of the vessel's word, for the quality and quantity