clocks, shoes, stockings, books, prints, pictures, iron utensils, wine, fruit, etc. so that every nation is interested in the lading. Spain hardly contributes any thing but wine, which with the freight, broker, age, and taxes to the King, are all the advantages she derives from this commerce. The fleet sails from Cadiz to La Vera Cruz, the vessels which compose it are not allowed to part company, nor to put in, nor break bulk any where on the voyage. It takes in return gold, silver, jewels, cochineal, indigo, tobacco, sugar, coton, etc. The register ships are equipped by, and sail for the account of some private merchants of Seville and Cadiz. When they think the Americans are in want of certain goods, they present a petition to the council of the Indies, and desire leave to send each of them a vessel of 300 tons, for which leave they pay a certain sum; and, besides, are obliged to make considerable presents to different officers; and though they only obtain leave to send vessels of 300 tons, they generally send those of at least double that burden. The galleon fleet is composed of eight ships of the line, chiefly destined to furnish Peru with warlike stores, but they are also filled with various merchandise for the account of private persons. Twelve other vessels, sail under their convoy. This fleet may only trade on the coasts of the South Sea, and the other is limited to Mexico. The whole trade of Cadiz engages about 1000 vessels, of which nearly one-tenth are Spanish. The wines most remarkable in Cadiz, are Sherry and Pacaretti, both from Xeres and its vicinity. The former is sold for 48 pounds a ton, the latter for 56; when they come to England, they pay in the out ports excise and customs, near 30 pounds a ton, but in the port of London near three pounds more. The people who most abound at Cadiz are, first the Irish, and next the Flemings, Genoese, and Germans. The English and Dutch are not numerous. There are many Frenchmen, but more among the workmen of every kind, and retail dealers, than among the merchants. It appears, however, that the commerce carried on by foreigners in this city, is very much on the decline. This is attributed chiefly to the extension of the commerce of the Spanish Indies, formerly confined to this city, and to several other ports of the kingdom of Spain. The manufactures of this city are very inconsiderable: that of salt is the most interesting branch of industry. The salt pits encompass a great part of the bay from Puntal to Port St. Mary. The salt manufactures sell what remains to them after furnishing the King's magazines, more or less dear according to circumstances. The nations who purchase it are Sweden, Denmark, Holland, England, and particularly Portugal. The fishermen from St. Malo, Dieppe, and Granville, sometimes go to the Bay of Cadiz to take in cargoes of salt for Newfoundland;