do not refuse them. The poor, who are able to indulge, do it in bad beer, and Danish brandy, distilled from barley. Apoplexies and the falling sickness are the epidemical distempers here; and one shall scarce pass through Copenhagen, without seeing one or two poor creatures in a fit, in the streets, with a circle of gazers and assistants about them. It is very usual here to have them die of a slacht, as they call it, which is an apoplexy, proceeding from trouble of mind; but, on the other hand, few, or none, are afflicted with coughs, catarrhs, or consumptions, so common in this country; so that, in Denmark, the preachers are never disturbed at church, as in England. Their marriages, says Molesworth, are usually preceded by contracts, which will last, sometimes, three or four or more years, before they proceed to a public wedding by the ministers; though often the young couple grow better acquainted before these formalities are dispatched. The gentry give portions which their daughters; but the burghers and peasants, if able, give clothes, furniture, and a great wedding-dinner, but nothing more, till they die. Sumptuous burials and monuments are general among the nobility; and it is usual to keep the corpse of a person of quality in a vault, or the chancel of some church, for several years, till a fit opportunity offers to to celebrate the funeral. The poorer sort are buried in great, thick chests; and in the towns, there are about a dozen of common mourners, belonging to each parish, whose business it is, to carry and attend them to their graves. CHAP. IV. Of their Trade and Manufactures. HAVING already spoken of the trade of Norway, I shall confine myself to the kingdom of Denmark, which is extremely well situated for commerce, her harbors well adapted for ships of great burden, and her seamen very expert in navigation. But Denmark possesses very few commodities for exportation. It is, however, very rich in timber, and other materials for ship-building, with which it supplies other nations, besides its own. There is no comparison between the present trade of Denmark, and what it was 50 years ago. Scarcely any thing has been omitted by government, that could promote and enlarge its commerce. Besides the registry of ships, and the increase of the number and tonnage of them, there have been numerous advantages given to trade, which are shown in most of the branches of the nation's dealing with other countries. They have an East India-company, whose trade is increasing, and profits considerable and regular. Their West India colonies thrive more than ever, and a rise in the crown-revenues, and an increase of shipping and population, is the best criterion of an improvement of their general commerce. In 1755, an African company was established, and in 1736, a loan-bank was erected, where great or small sums, not under 100 rix-dollars, are lent, on pledges, at four per cent. They export, now, fir, and other timber,