bring not only sugar and tobacco, but likewise gold and diamonds. Of the quantity of gold annually brought into Lisbon from thence, some conjecture may be made from the amount of the King's fifth, which, one year with another, is near 300,000l. consequently the annual produce of gold in Brazil, may be estimated at 2,000,000 sterling. The fleet, which sails every year to Brazil, goes and returns in seven or eight months; and when homeward bound, is convoyed by some men of war. Ships from Africa or the East Indies come also in company with it. The neglect of agriculture has been taken notice of already; and the same observation may be made of all arts and manufactures, although this country possesses the finest materials of all kinds, but these are disposed of rough to foreigners. The Portuguese, indeed, make a little linen, and different kinds of straw-work, and candy different kinds of fruits, particularly oranges. They have likewise some coarse silk and woollen manufactures; but these are trifling articles, and support but a very small part of the nation. It also very much concerns all foreigners trading to Portugal, and particularly the English, that the Portuguese do not apply themselves to manufactures, and they are therefore very industrious (says Busching) to prevent it; of which the manufactury for looking-glass set up some few years since at Lisbon was a memorable instance. According to Baretti, the only articles that the Portuguese export to any very considerable amount, are oranges, lemons, and wine, which England takes from them in large quantities; but still the balance of trade is very much in favor of the English, from the great demand for their manufactures in Portugal. This branch of commerce the French and Dutch have long been endeavoring to get from the English. But their endeavors are not likely to prove successful. One reason is, that the English are more powerful at sea than either the French or the Dutch, and there is something in superior strength which will carry almost any point, among nations as well as among individuals. The other is, that neither the French or Dutch could purchase from the Portuguese those large quantities of fruit and wine which the English take in part of payment for what they furnish. If the Portuguese should be inclined to purchase the manufactures they receive from England, either from the French or the Dutch; the English, without commencing hostilities, have only to provide themselves elsewhere with wine and fruit, and the Portuguese are half-ruined. It is therefore probable that the commerce between Portugal and England will continue in its present state, as long as the inhabitants of this latter country shall continue fond of the bottle and the bowl; unless some singular revolution should happen in the government of the country of the former. And, according to Costigan, some such revolution seems fast approaching; "for (says he) to my certain knowledge, the Prince of Asturias (who is now on the throne of Spain)