they climbed over it. But a Dog that belonged to them, finding a hole to creep through the Rock, suggested to them that there was a hollow Passage; and he cleared it by blowing up the Rock with Gunpowder, till he had made a way through it broad enough for a Horse with a Pack, and high enough for a Man to ride through. This is called the Hollow Rock. Some other Places he levelled, and made it an indifferent good Passage. He was a very ingenious Gentleman, and doubtless had he lived, he might have propagated some advantageous Arts on that Island. He was once endeavoring to make Salt Petre at the Angels, but did not bring it to Perfection. Whether the Saltpetre Earth in other Places, especially about Passage-Fort, where as I have been informed, the Canes will not make good Sugar, by Reason of the Saltness of the Soil. I lived with Mr. Whalley at 16 Mile-walk for almost six Months, and then entered my self into the Service of one Captain Heming, to manage his Plantation at St. Anns, on the North side of the Island, and accordingly rode from St. Jago de la Vega toward St. Anns. This Road has but sorry accommodations for Travelers. The first night I lay at a poor Hunters Hut, at the foot of Mount Diabolo on the South side of it, where for want of Clothes to cover me in the Night I was very cold when the Land-wind sprang up. This Mountain is part of the great Ridge that runs the length of the Island from East to West; to the East it is called the Blew Mountain, which is higher than this. The next day crossing Mount Diabolo, I got a hard Lodging at the Foot of it on the North side; and the third day after arrived at Captain Heming's Plantation. I was clearly out of my Element there, and therefore as soon as Captain Heming came thither I disingaged my self from him, and took my passage on Board a Sloop to Port Royal, with one Mr. Statham, who used to trade round the Island, and touched there at that time. From Port Royal I sailed with one Mr. Fishook, who traded to the North side of the Island, and sometimes round it: and by these coasting Voyages I came acquainted with all the Ports and Bays about Jamaica, and with all their Manufactures; as also with the Benefit of the Land and Sea-winds. For our Business was to bring Goods Port Royal; and we were always entertained civilly by them, both in their Houses and Plantations, having Liberty to walk about and view them. They gave us also Plantains, Yams, Potatoes etc. to carry aboard with us; on which we fed commonly all our Voyage. But after six or seven Months, I left that Employ also, and shipped my self aboard one Capt. Hudsel, who was bound to the Bay of Campeachy to load