a Man of greater knowledge than any of the rest, and supposed to be very rich. I have heard say, he had not less than 1000 Slaves, some of whom were topping Merchants, and had many Slaves under them. And even these, though they are Slaves to Slaves, yet have their Slaves also; neither can a stranger easily know who is a Slave and who not among them: for they are all, in a manner, Slaves to one another: and all in general to the Queen and Oronkeys; for their Government is very Arbitrary. Yet there is nothing of rigor used by the Master to his Slave, except it be the very meanest, such as do all sorts of servile work: but those who can turn their hands to any thing besides Drudgery, live well enough by their industry. Nay, they are encouraged by their Masters, who often lend them Money to begin some trade or business withal: Whereby the Servant lives easy, and with great content follows what his Inclination or Capacity fits him for; and the Master also, who has a share in the gains, reaps the more profit, yet without trouble. When one of these Slaves dies, his Master is Heir to what he leaves; and his Children, if he has any, become his Slaves also: unless the Father out of his own clear gains has in his life time had wherewithal to purchase their Freedom. The Markets are kept by these People, and you scarce Pulo Gomez, for thence those of this City fetch most of their Wood, though there is scarce any thing to be seen but Woods about the City. Yet though all these are Slaves, they have habitations or houses to themselves in several parts of the City, far from their Masters Houses, as if they were free People. But to return to the Shabander I was speaking of, all Merchant Strangers, at their first arrival, make their Entries with him, which is always done with a good Present: and from him they take all their dispatches when they depart; and all matters of importance in general between Merchants are determined by him. It seems to have been by his Conversion and Acquaintance with Strangers, that he became so knowing, beyond the rest of the Great-men: and he is also said to be himself a great Merchant. The Queen of Achin, as it is said, is always an old Maid, chosen out of the Royal Family. What Ceremonies are used at the choosing her I know not: Nor who are the Electors; but I suppose they are the Oronkeys. After she is chosen, she is in a manner confined to her Palace; for by report she seldom goes abroad, neither is she seen by any People of inferior rank and quality; but only by some of her Domestics: except that once a Year she is dressed all in white, and placed on an Elephant, and so rides to the River in state to