of our own antichristian colonies, even the murder of a negro slave, when under private punishment, is tolerated (see the 329th act of Barbados); and by the same diabolical act of assembly a man may of wantonness, or of bloody mindedness, or cruel intention (it is expressly said) " wilfully kill a negro, or other slave of his own," without any other penalty for it than a trifling fine of L15 sterling. (See remarks on this act in my tract against slavery in England, (28) A representation of the injustice and dangerous tendency of tolerating slavery in England. London, 1769. p. 66 and 67.) Many instances of West India cruelty have fallen even within my own knowledge, and I have certain proofs of no less than three married women being violently torn away from their lawful husbands, (29) Nothing can be more presumptuously contrary to the laws of God, than these unnatural outrages! "Have ye not read" (said Christ himself) that he which made (them) at the beginning, made them male and female? and said, for this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wise: and they twain shall be one flesh. Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. What, therefore, GOD HAS JOINED TOGETHER LET NO MAN PUT ASUNDER. Matthew. xix. 4, 5 and 6. even in London, by the order of their pretended proprietors! Another remarkable instance of tyranny, which came within my own knowledge, was the advertizing a reward (in the Gazetteer of the 1st June, 1772) for apprehending an East India black boy about 14 years of age, named Bob or Pompey: he was further distinguished in the advertizement by having round his neck a brass collar, with a direction upon it to a house in Charlotte-street, Bloomsbury-square. Thus the black Indian Pompey was manifestly treated with as little ceremony as a black namesake of the dog kind could be. I inquired after the author of this unlawful and shameful advertizement; and found, that he was a merchant even in the heart of the city of London, who shall be nameless; for I do not want to expose individuals, but only their crimes. Now if masters are capable of such monstrous OPPRESSION, even here in England, where their brutality renders them liable to severe penalties, how can we reasonably reject the accounts of TYRANNY in America, howsoever horrid and inhuman, where the abominable plantation laws will permit a capricious or passionate master, with impunity, to deprive his wretched slave even of life. I am frequently told, nevertheless, by interested persons from the West Indies, how well the slaves are used; and that they are much happier than our own poor at home. But though I am willing to believe that some sew worthy West-Indians treat their slaves with humanity, yet it is, certainly, far from being the general case; and the misery of our own poor will not be any excuse for the oppression of the poor elsewhere!