of many instances of the like disasters happening to Crews of English Slaving Ships: and even one of my own Relations perished in the same unlawful Trade, with the whole Ship's Crew. in the Slave Ships, or by pestilential distempers caught from the poor Negroes confined in the holds of the said ships; add also the number of free Negroes occasionally blown up -- The Polly, Captain Walsh, a Ship belonging to Mr. Adams, struck on the Bar of Bonny this last year (the Book was printed in 1772), and was soon after attacked by the Negroes. The Captain, finding he could not save his Ship, sent his Boat's Crew off, shut himself up in his Cabin, and when the King of Bonny and all his People were got on board, to the amount of fifteen hundred and upwards, set fire to the Powder; and, Sampson like, at his death punished the treachery of his Assailants. Treatise upon the Trade from Great Britain to Africa, by an African Merchant, Appendix F, p. 34. A deplorable Hardness of Heart seems to have possessed this African Merchant; for it appears, by his manner of relating the above Story, that he approved of Captain Walsh's diabolical deed, and esteemed it rather as an act of Heroism! , and otherwise murdered and destroyed by the inhuman Commanders of these Slave-Ships, as well as by the arbitrary Governors on the Slave-Coasts In the year 1767, Mr. Grosile burned the Town of Annamaboe, and killed three or four of the Townspeople. Ibid. p. 100. ; and likewise the number of poor wretches annually sent out by the African Company as Soldiers, who miserably perish in their settlements -- The POOR WRETCHES sent out by the Committee have nothing on earth to support or comfort them, in sickness or health, but a rasher of salt beef, stinking New England rum, and Portuguese Tobacco; by which means FORTY SOLDIERS have perished at Cape Coast, out of FORTY-EIGHT, from March the 1st to the 28th of May, all of whom came out in the Jamaica Storeship, about the middle of last February. African Merchant, Appendix, p. 78. ; and to complete this list of Diabolical Admitting the AFRICAN TRADE to be ever so DIABOLICAL says a Writer under the Signature of "A Planter," quoted by the said African Merchant, Appendix C, p. 27.), or the means by which the Negro's Body was first obtained ever so UNFAIR, no blame can deservedly rest on the Planter, who is ignorant of the means, and innocent (says he) of the Guilt. -- But now, even supposing the Body of the Negro to have been obtained in whatever manner the Planter may esteem the most fair; which the Planter will probably allege to be, that the Negro was a convicted Criminal in his native country; yet this Criminal never offended the Planter, nor the Laws of the Planter's Nation, nor the "King, Lords, and Commons," who "have shared" (as he says) "in the