et Gratia. FINIS APPENDIX (No. 1.) An ESSAY on SLAVERY, Proving from SCRIPTURE its Inconsistency with HUMANITY and RELIGION; By GRANVILLE SHARP. "With an introductory PREFACE," (by a Gentleman of the Law, in West Jersey) "containing the Sentiments of the Monthly Reviewers on a Tract, by the Rev. T. Thompson, in Favor of the Slave Trade." The Lord also will be a Refuge for the Oppressed -- a Refuge in Time of Trouble, Psalm. ix. 9. BURLINGTON: WEST JERSEY, Printed, M.DCC.LXXIII. LONDON: reprinted, 1776. Preface by the American Editor. THE following Essay, though wrote, as the Author signifies, in haste, is thought to have such merit as to deserve a publication. -- The copy was sent to one of the Writer's particular friends, whether for his own peculiar satisfaction, or the press, is uncertain; but as the subject is Liberty, so it is expected the Freedom which is here taken, cannot justly give him offense, or be unacceptable to the public. IT was designed to confute a piece wrote by Thomas Thompson, M. A. some time fellow of C. C. C. entitled, The African trade for Negro Slaves shown to be consistent with principles of humanity, and with the laws of revealed religion. 'Printed at Canterbury.' IN order to show that the Essay Writer has not misrepresented the text, nor is single in his observations upon it, the sentiments of the Monthly Reviewers on that pamphlet in May, 1772, are here inserted. "We must acknowledge," say they, that the branch of trade here under consideration, is a species of traffic which we have never been able to reconcile with the dictates of humanity, and much less with those of religion. The principal argument in its behalf seems to be, the necessity of such a rescource, in order to carry on the works in our plantations, which, we are told, it is otherwise impossible to perform. But this, though the urgency of the case may be very great, is not by any means sufficient to justify the practice. There is a farther consideration which has a plausible appearance, and may be thought to carry some weight; it is, that the merchant only purchases those who were slaves before, and possibly may, rather than otherwise, render their lituation more tolerable. But it is well known, that the lot of our Slaves, when most favorably considered, is very hard and miserable; besides which, such a trade is taking the advantage of the ignorance and brutality of unenlightened nations, who are encouraged to war with each other for this very purpose, and, it is to be feared, are sometimes tempted to seize those of their own tribes or families that they may obtain the hoped for advantage: and it is owned, with regard to our merchants, that, upon occasion, they observe the like practices, which are thought to be allowable, because they are done by way of reprisal for theft or damage committed by the natives. We were pleased, however, to meet with a