those imported by British American and West Indian Traders In some former years the Subjects of Great Britain seem to have had still a much greater proportion of this cursed Trade to answer for! My worthy friend Mr. Anthony Benezet, in his Historical Account of Guinea, (c. xiii. p. 130.) cites Anderson's History of Trade and Commerce, to the following Effect, viz. That England supplies her American Colonies with Negro Slaves, amounting in Number to above ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EVERY YEAR. , which in that year were probably very considerable, because in the following year (1772) several of the North American Provinces began to be alarmed for the dangerous consequences of tolerating such an unchristian like practice, which Sentiment was fully expressed in some of their public Assemblies, especially in those of Virginia, Pennsylvania, and the Jersies, which shall be shown hereafter; and I hope they have put a stop to this detestable practice time enough to avert God's Vengeance from those Regions, though they must take notice that their reformation is but half complete, and consequently that they are still in danger, whilst they permit individuals to hold in perpetual Bondage See the Vengeance of God denounced by the Prophets Isaiah and Jeremiah against the mighty Babylonian Empire and it is Monarch, "which opened not the House of his Prisoners" (Isa. xiv. 17.) but oppressed the Captives they had taken, and held them fast; THEY REFUSED TO LET THEM GO. Jer. l. 33. the poor African Captives already imported. Now if we consider what multitudes of men must have been killed merely in the attempt to take so many wretched Captives for sale; and again what multitudes, out of so large a number, would die, as usual, in their passage to the West Indies and America either of Grief and Despair, or by being inhumanly stifled in the Holds of Ships; besides the large proportion (nearly one half) that would die of the seasoning, (as it is called) after their arrival in the plantations; and lastly that all the remainder of this vast multitude of 104,100 miserable human beings will probably be worn out by hard service and oppression in the space of about 16 years, or less, according to the average rate of some calculations that have been published. These considerations, I say, must needs inspire us with indignation and horror even though the evil, at present, is at a considerable distance from us. See the Appendix to my Representation of the Injustice and Dangerous Tendency of Tolerating Slavery, etc. Add to this Destruction the number of brave Seamen that are annually cut off, either by the Rising of the Negroes -- A French Slaving Ship having been surprised by an insurrection of the Negroes, who MURDERED MOST PART OF THE CREW, the Mate, finding no possibility to escape the like fate, had set fire to the Powder-room, and blew up the Vessel, with upwards of two hundred Slaves on board. Gazetteer, April 16, 1773. I have heard