along, which he reduced at last to one general Map. At Parico he found a Fresh Water River, and at Terra de Brea, another Port, called by the Natives Piche, great Quantities of very good Oysters growing upon the Branches of certain Trees, here so numerous, that he traveled for a dozen Miles together under them; which enabled him afterward to rectify the ancient Accounts of this Tree, and the fond Conceits of some Moderns, that it was the Tree of Knowledge. It Is the Indian Fig, which he curiously described; and how it bears Oysters, by planting itself into the Sea; so that one Stem soon becomes a Grove. See Hist. of the World, lib. 1. cap. 4. sect. 2, In short, he coasted three Parts of the Isle of Trinidad, in the Month he staid there for Captain Preston, the more exactly to make his Draught thereof aforesaid. At Puerto de los Espannoles he met with his Ships, and found a Company of Spaniards keeping Guard at the Descent, who, in doubt of their own Strength, offered Signs of Peace. He sent Captain Whiddon to parley with them, whom he afterward left buried in the Island to his great Grief, being a Man, says Ralegh, most honest and valiant. From some of the Spanish Soldiers, whom he found Means to make free of their Tongue by the Help of Wine; and from one of the Indian Rulers, named Cantyman, he gathered what Strength the Spaniards were of, and how far it was to the City they had built under their Governor Don Antonio de Berreo. Here he found Occasion of staying awhile; both to have some Reckoning with Berreo for his treacherous Dealings with the English under Whiddon; and to learn also the Strength, Riches, and Passages to several other Parts of the Country. But when Ralegh was credidibly informed that the Spanish Governor had sent for a Recruit of Soldiers, and how lamentably the Natives suffered under his Cruelties; that the very Lords of the Country were made his Slaves; that he had put one of them, named Morequito, to Death; that several others were then lying in Chains, and languishing under the most exquisite Tortures, he found sufficient Occasion not only to revenge the Loss of his Countrymen, but a good Opportunity to gain the Hearts of the Indians, by attempting to rescue them from this Yoke of Tyranny: Therefore he boldly set upon the Corpse du Guard in the Dusk of the Evening; and having put them to the Sword, advanced with a hundred Men, and by Break of Day took their new City called San Joseph, which, at the Entreaty of the Indians, he set on Fire. Then were the Natives in Confinement, set at Liberty. Among them were five Casiques, or petty Kings in those Parts. These, all bound together in one Chain, almost dead with Famine, and wasted with Torments; having had their naked Bodies basted or dropped over with burning Bacon;