Convenience of casting their Nets from the Rocks, of a blue metalline Color, which looked like Steel-ore. So keeping always westward up the River, there opened after a while a Land on the right Side, which appeared a spacious Champaign, and the Banks perfectly red. Ralegh sent Captain Giffard, Thynn, Calfield, his Cousins Greenvil and Batshead Gorges; also his Nephew John Gilbert and some others, with a Guard of Soldiers, to march over the Banks, and discover what Prospect it afforded; and finding it a Level of an unbounded Space, it proved, as their Pilot informed them, the Plains of Saima, reaching to Cumana and Caracas in the West Indies, which are a hundred and twenty Leagues to the North, and inhabited by four principal Nations, whereof one were the Aroras, as black as Negroes, but of smooth Hair; a desperate People, using the strongest and most deadly Poison of all others on their Arrows. Ralegh was most curious to know the Composition of this Poison, and what Remedies could be had against the dreadful Effects of it. For, besides the Mortality of the Wound, the Patient is afflicted with most insufferable Torment, and accompanied with such irksome Symptoms, that the Physician cannot abide the Cure. None of the Spaniards could ever extort this Secret either by Kindness or Cruelty; and indeed but few of the Indians, besides their Priests and Soothsayers, knew it. Whether the Poison they used in Guiana was the same with that in some other Parts of the West Indies, Ralegh has not told us; but Sir John Hawkins informs us, that about Cumana, where they are very expert Archers, 'their Poison is of such Force, that a Man being struck therewith, dies in twenty-four Hours; and, that in his Judgment, there can be no stronger; using thereunto Apples, which are fair and red of Color; but are a strong Poison (perhaps the Manchineil) of which with venomous Bats, Vipers, Adders, and other Serpents, they make a Medley, and anoint their Arrows.' Ralegh was therefore more beholden to the Guianians than any Body; for Antonio de Berrio told him, that he could never attain to the Knowledge thereof. And yet they taught me (says Ralegh) the best Way of healing this, as well as all other Poisons. Then he tells us those Medicines which are vulgar, and serve for the ordinary Poison, are made of the Juice of a Root called Tupara, which also marvellously quenches the Heat of burning Fevers, and heals inward Wounds; and that those of common poisoned Arrows were wont to be healed by some of the Spaniards with the Juice of Garlic. But this he communicates as a general Rule for all Men that shall hereafter travel the Indies where poisoned Arrows are used, that they abstain from Drink; for if they take any Liquor into their Body, whereunto they will be exceedingly provoked by Drought, and drink before the Wound is dressed, or immediately upon it, there is no Relief