came to wait on their King; and the other laden with Fruits and Provisions, which I had equally parted between both Ships Companies. I took the Ingots for my Sharers, and the Dust was divided among us according to our Allowance. Captain Dampier and his Crew were mightily pleased with their Dividend, and once more pressed me to accompany them: but I gave 'em a flat Denial for the present, with this Hope, that when I had visited several Places in the South Sea, I would return to St. Salvador, and wait two Months for them there. We put the Indians on Shore, and the next Day weighed Anchor again, saluting Captain Dampier with 11 Guns, who returned the like Number, and we steered our Course with a fresh Gale, for the Streights of Magellan, I intending to pass through those Streights into the South Sea; for I was of Opinion it would shorten our Voyage; and then my Curiosity strengthened that Opinion: But I was advised by my Lieutenant to venture up to Buenos Airs, a Town belonging to the Spaniards, where he assured me we might drive a very good Trade underhand with the Merchants. I communicated the Matter to the whole Company, who unanimously agreed it was the best Course we could steer. So we kept in with the Shore, and steered for the Rio de la Plata, or the River of Plate, which we reached in twenty Days without any Accident. As we had War with France and Spain, I had hoisted French Colors, that we might have the Liberty to trade with more Safety. Buenos Airs is situated above fifty Leagues up the River of Plate, which above the Town receives the Name of Paraguay; and takes its Rise many Leagues up the Country; which is possessed by a numerous Nation of Indians, who sometimes trade with the Spaniards, but oftener murder 'em when they can meet 'em conveniently; for the Spirit of Revenge is sucked in with their Milk, and handed down from Father to Son; so that they imagine it to be a very meritorious Deed to dispatch one of them; and they are generally rewarded by their Cacique for it. The Town of Buenos Airs takes its Name from the excellent Temperature of the Climate, and its pleasant Situation. They have Commerce with the Ships of Europe not above once a Year, which bring 'em the Necessaries they want, and in Return ease 'em of their Gold; that being a Metal less esteemed than Iron, which proves more useful to them. When we were within two Leagues of the Port, we came to an Anchor in a little Creek in eight Fathom Water, a sandy Bottom. We did not care to go nearer the Town, for fear the Governor should have taken it in his Head to have hindered our going out again. Though we were not in Sight of it, yet we had Canoes on board of us in an hour