you a pleasant View from the River Delaware. The Dutch were the first Founders, but did not possess it long. There are now above 500 handsome Houses, and Foundations for several more. As it is daily increasing in Wealth by Trade, we may imagine it will increase in Buildings and Inhabitants. I have been informed they have discovered in the Neighborhood of this Town a fine Iron Mine. The Day following we dined at Chester, a little neat Town on the same River, consisting of near three hundred Houses. We were very handsomely entertained there by a Gentleman of the Place, who would accompany us to Philadelphia. We had a pleasant Voyage, with many delightful Prospects of Towns, Villages, and Plantations, on both sides of the River; and in the Evening we landed at Philadelphia, the Capital of Pensylvania. Pensylvania takes its Name from William Penn, Esquire Son to Sir William Penn, Admiral of a Squadron in the Dutch War, where he behaved like a Man of Courage and Conduct. His Son, the present Proprietor, met with some Difficulty in obtaining his Patent, by reason he had declared himself Head of the People called Quakers. Pensylvania is composed of all that Tract of Land, with its Islands, Rivers, Coasts, and Bays, which lies from forty to forty-five Degrees of North Latitude, and is one of the richest Countries in his Majesty's foreign Dominions. The Air is pleasant, wholesome, and unclouded, or very rarely overcast. Though the Winter is something colder, and the Summer hotter than in England, yet the Inhabitants have known several Winters together without Frosts. The Day in the Summer is two Hours shorter than ours, and in Winter two Hours longer; which is really better for Business of all kinds. And certainly this is a Tract of Ground as well seated as any in the World, for Pleasure and Profit. It is bounded on the East by West-Jersey, on the West by Virginia, Canada on the North, and Maryland on the South; all, except Canada, fine English Settlements. The original Inhabitants of all these Places are supposed to be the ten Tribes of the Jews that were scattered; but from whence they derive their Authority, even for this Supposition, I cannot imagine. It Is true, some of the ancient Jewish Customs are among the Indians; but as every Nation and People have Customs peculiar to themselves, in my Opinion there is nothing to be gathered from thence. It Is certain they have something of the Countenance of the Jews, they observe New Moons, and offer their First Fruits to their Idols. They are most of 'em well made, and exactly proportioned in their Features, without the thick Lips and flat Noses of the Negroes. They are generally good natured and inoffensive, slow to Anger, but hard to be appeased; a courteous and humane Behavior will gain upon 'em more than Severity: It is very seldom they wrong a good Master, but I have known 'em frequently venture