Book-keeper than Governor of a Fort; and yet so much insolence and cruelty with respect to those under him, and rashness in his management of the Malayan Neighborhood, that I soon grew weary of him, not thinking my self very safe, indeed, under a Man whose humors were so brutish and barbarous. I forbear to mention his name after such a Character; nor do I care to fill these Papers with particular stories of him: But therefore give this intimation, because as it is the interest of the Nation in general, so is it especially of the Honorable East India Company, to be informed of abuses in their Factories. And I think the Company might receive great advantage by strictly enquiring into the behavior of those wh^ they entrust with any Command. For (...), which reflects back upon the Superiors from the misdoings of their Servants, how undeservedly soever, the^e are great and lasti^g mischiefs proceed from the Tyranny or Ignorant rashness of some petty Governors. Those under them are discouraged from their Service by it^ and often go away to the Dutch, the Mogul, or Malayan Princes, to the great detriment of our Trade, and even the Trade and the Ports themselves are many times in danger by indiscreet provocations given to the Neighboring Nations, who are best managed, as all Mankind are, by Justice, Malayans, who live in the Neighborhood of Benc^li, which Fort ha^h been more than once in danger of being surpised by them. I speak not this out of disgust to this particular Governor; much less would I seem to reflect on any others, of whom I know nothing amiss: But as it is not to be wondered at, (...) should not know how to demean themselves in places of Power, for which neither their Education nor their business possibly have sufficiently qualified them, so it will be the more necessary for the Honorable Company to have the closer eye over them, and as much as may be, to prevent or reform any abuses they may be guilty of; and it is purely out of my Zeal for theirs and the Nation's interest, that I have given this caution, having seen too much occasion for it. I had other Motives also for my going away. I began to long after my Native Country, after so tedious a ramble from it: and I proposed no small advantage to my self from my Painted Prince whom Mr Moody had left entirely to my disposal, only reserving to himself his right to one half share in him. For beside what might be gained by showing him in England, I was in hopes that when I had got some Money, I might there obtain what I had in vain sought for in the Indies, viz. A Ship from the Merchants, wherewith to carry him back to Meangis, and re-instate him there in his own Country, and by his Favor and Negotiation to establish a traffic for the Spices and