some intercourse with the Romans; for Florus tells us that they sent ambassadors to Augustus, who were four years on their journey. They were a most gentle race, and shunned mankind: yet carried on a traffic, in the same manner as the western Moors do at present, with people they never see. The Moors go annually in caravans, SINGULAR TRAFFIC. laden with trinkets, to an appointed place on the borders of Nigritia. There they find several heaps of gold deposited by the Negroes; against each of which the Moors put as many trinkets as they think of equal value, and then retire. If, the next morning, the Negroes approve the bargain, they take the trinkets and leave the gold; or else they make some deduction from the gold dust; and in this manner transact the exchange, without the lest instance of dishonesty on either part Tassy's Memoirs, p. 311. -- Tassy's account is, that a commerce similar to this is carried on between a nation called the Cadensis and the Negroes. The Cadensis act as the middle man between them and the Tunisians, who go to their country, and obtain gold and negro slaves for European commodities. . Candahar, CANDAHAR. seated in Lat. 33 o N. Long. 67 15 E. is the capital of a recent kingdom, formed by the convulsion given to this part of the eastern world. It was founded by Ahmed Abdalla, an Afghan prince, compelled by Kouli Khan to join his army in 1739. On the assassination of the tyrant, he appeared again among his subjects, and added to his dominions Candahar, Cashmere, and some other small districts. His successors reside at Cabul; he has an army of two hundred thousand men, once clothed with British manufactures, which were sent up the Indus, and thence to Cabul by the lesser river. Candahar is a city of vast strength, by nature as well as art, being seated amidst fens and rocks. The Governor, Hossein Khan, defended it eighteen months against all the attacks of Kouli Khan. At length, reduced to extremity, he sallied out at the head of his men, and fell, bravely fighting in defense of his country! Candahar and Cabul were considered of high importance in a political light. The first was esteemed the gate of India in respect to Persia, and Cabul that in respect to Tartary, and both were in the middle ages the great emporia for Indian goods, which were transported into Western Tartary, and from thence by the Caspian and Euxine seas to Constantinople, and from that city to all parts of Europe. Candahar was the magazine of the Indian and Persian goods, and Cabul of the spices. They were conveyed in caravans, north-westwards, to the famous city of Samarcand, in Lat. 40 N. and from thence the goods were put in boats, and sent down into the Oxus or Amu, which falls into the Caspian sea, as I have before related, and there shipped for their different destinations; those for