30000 Dollars per Annum for this Fishery. All the small Vessels that use this Coasting Traffic are built here; and so are some Men of War also for the King'sService. There was one a Building when I was here, a Ship of 40 or 50 Guns: And the Timber of this Country is very good and proper for this purpose. I was told it was very strong, and more durable than any we have in Europe: and they have enough of it. As for their Ships that use the European Trade, some of them that I saw there were English built, taken from us by the French during the late War, and sold by them to the Portugese. Besides Merchants and others that Trade by Sea from this Port, here are other pretty Wealthy Men, and several Artificers and Tradesmen of most sorts, who by Labor and Industry maintain themselves very well; especially such as can arrive at the purchase of a Negro-Slave or two. And indeed, excepting People of the lowest degree of all, here are scarce any but what keep Slaves in their Houses. The Richer Sort, besides the Slaves of both Sexes whom they keep for servile Uses in their Houses, have Men-slaves who wait on them abroad, for State; either running by their Horses-sides when they ride out, or to carry them to and fro on their Shoulders in the Town when they make short Visits near home. Every Gentleman or Merchant is provided with Things necessary for this sort of Carriage. The main Thing is a pretty large Cotton Hammock of the West India Fashion, but mostly dyed Blue, with large Fringes of the same, hanging down on each side. This is carried on the Negro's Shoulders by the help of a Bambo about 12 or 14 Foot long, to which the Hammock is hung; and a Covering comes over the Pole, hanging down on each side like a Curtain: So that the Person so carried cannot be seen unless he pleases; but may either ly down, having Pillows for his Head; or may sit up by being a little supported with these Pillows, and by letting both his Legs hang out over one side of the Hammock. When he has a mind to be seen he puts by his Curtain, and salutes every one of his Acquaintance whom he meets in the Streets: for they take a piece of Pride in greeting one another from their Hammocks, and will hold long Conferences thus in the Streets: But then their two Slaves who carry the Hammock have each a strong well-made Staff, with a fine Iron Fork at the upper end, and a sharp Iron below, like the Rest for a Musket, which they stick fast in the Ground, and let the Pole or Bambo of the Hammock rest upon them, till their Masters Business or the Complement is over. There is scarce a Man of any fashion, especially a Woman, will pass the Streets