has received a considerable check. Thevenot adds another reason, that in his time, about the year 1665, the river was choked up, which obstructed greatly all commerce from Lahore, and other places to the north-east. THIS city is the great residence of the Banians, BANIANS. or merchants and brokers of India. They are of this country, and have here their chieftain. They are of the great commercial cast of the Bhyse, created, say the Hindoos, by their Brimhas, or Supreme Being, from his thighs and belly; but I shall say more of the CASTS hereafter. These form settlements in all the commercial towns in India. They also send colonies, for a certain number of years, to the trading towns of Arabia and Persia, and we find them even as far as Astrakan. In the beginning of the present century, about a hundred and fifty or two hundred of this community went from Moultan to that city, and carry on a great trade in precious stones; they live in a large stone Caravansery. As they die away, or incline to return home, a supply is sent from India by their chief, selected from among their young unmarried relations. As they have no females from their own country, they keep, during their residence at Astrakan, Tartarian women, but the contract is only during that time. They are a sine race of men, and are highly esteemed for the integrity of their dealings Communicated to me by Dr. PALLAS. These support the most important trade of Astrakan, by carrying it through Astrabad to the inland parts of the Mogul empire. This points out a more southern inland road than was known in the middle ages, when the merchants went by the way of Bochara and Samarcand, to the northern cities of India, Candahar and Cabul. AT the distance of about sixty miles from its mouth, the Chenauh divides into two branches, which flow from the northwest from their origin, at the foot of the Himmaleh chain. The most southern is the Rauvee, the old Hydraotes. THE RAUVEE. About twentyfour miles from its mouth, on the southern side, stand the fort and town of Toulamba. They lay in the route of Tamerlane, TOULAMBA. and were plundered, and the inhabitants enslaved by that monster of cruelty, justly called in India the destroying Prince. He excelled even his brother hero Alexander in the slaughter of mankind. Tamerlane, in his march into India, had collected above a hundred thousand prisoners: these happened to show some symptoms of joy, at a repulse the tyrant had received before the citadel of Delhi; he instantly ordered all above fifteen years of age to be massacred in cold blood. The sum was a hundred thousand. THE city of Lahore is next, LAHORE. about a hundred and fifty miles distant from Moultan. It is the capital of the Seiks, a people which started up in the fifteenth century, under a Hindoo of the name of Nanuck, born in 1470. They are a