natives, who reduce it to powder, and rub their bodies with it, as the Gentoos on the Coromandel coast do with the sandal wood. AFTER this extract, let me observe how very prevalent is the infamous trassic in our fellow creatures, for it reaches possibly to the remotest part of New Guinea. The man I mention at p. 34 of this volume, engraven by Le Brun, was one of six seized on the coast of New Guinea in 1706, by the commander of the Vink, a Dutch ship, who brought them to Batavia, where they were treated with great humanity; it having been the design of the Dutch to send them back to their own country, in order to conciliate the affections of the natives. The Papuans trade in their brother Papuans, and carry them to any chance customers they may meet with. Captain Forest met with a boat with only four men, two of which were slaves for sale; each had round his neck a rattan collar, with a log of wood cut into the form of a sugar loaf, and of five or six pound weight, pendant behind. These were offered very cheap to the captain, but he declined the purchase. He seems to have been before provided, for he tells us P. 100. he bought a linguist at Yowl. I AM reminded of the ornithology of New Guinea and the Papuan islands, by the curious birds, which make another article of commerce; nature here grows voluptuously rich in the forms of various of the feathered tribe which wanton in its spicy air. BIRDS OF PARADISE. The birds of Paradise, The grand Promerops, and a few other species, are distinguished by some eccentricity of plumage. I shall continue my account of the former as the most eminent, and refer to p. 148 for the preface to the genus, and history of the first species. I shall resume the subject with the Shague, SHAGUE. a smaller bird of Paradise Forrest's Voy. 137. Latham, ii. 474. , differing from the former chiefly in size; it has all the characters of the common, but its colors are less bright; the back is of a greyish yellow, bill lead color. THIS inhabits the Papuan isles only; a chain which extends from the south end of Gilolo, to the west extremity of New Guinea. They never migrate, but roost on the loftiest trees of the most mountanous parts of the country, and are likewise said to have their king or leader. They are shot with blunt arrows by the natives of Mixoal; others say, that when the natives observe where they come to drink, they poison the water with the Cocculi Indici, which so stupifies them that they are caught readily. They love to feed on the fruit of the Tshampedeh, which they pierce with their bills, and extract the kernel. The natives preserve them by drawing the entrails, and searing the inside with a hot iron, after which they put them in