the capture of the rich Manilla ship by lord Anson, it being the first of the islands which those vessels make in their course from Acapulco to their port of Manilla. PANAY-BUGLAS, or isle of Negros, Zebu and Leyte, PANAY. with the lesser isle of Bohol, range nearly east and west, parallel to each other, a little to the south of the preceding. The principal settlements of the Spaniards are Ho-Ho and Antigue, in the island of Panay; but off Antigue is the sole anchorage, and that only in the months of November, December, and January. The inhabitants of this island are infinitely more industrious than those of Luconia; they have a manufactory of handkerchiefs, and a sort of linen composed of cotton, and the fibers of a certain plant of the country; they clothe themselves with the coarser kinds, and dispose of the rest among the neighboring isles. This island is most exuberantly fertile, and very populous; some authors make the numbers of inhabitants to exceed sixteen thousand, and assert that there are fourteen parishes belonging to the monks of St. Augustine, three benefices of seculars, and formerly a college of Jesuits. Notwithstanding the happy soil of Panay, the inhabitants are discouraged from taking advantage of that blessing, by reason of the neglect of the government, which leaves them unprotected against the depredations of the piratical Malayes, who land, plunder, and carry away prisoners all those who cannot escape into the woods. These pirates are Mahometans of Borneo, Mindanao, and other islands between the Manillas and the Moluccas. They infest the coasts to a high degree, and will carry away people almost from under the walls of the capital, and sell them for slaves in Borneo, and even in Batavia. They not only seize the smaller fishing vessels, but even ships richly laden. THE country abounds with deer, ANIMALS. wild hogs, buffaloes, oxen, and horses; the two last run at liberty, and are common to the whole island. ZEBU is a small island, ZEBU. but remarkable for having been the first which the Spaniards colonized. It is pretended that there were, at the time the Europeans arrived, three thousand families of warlike Indians. The Spaniards have had, wherever they came, a happy talent in reducing the redundancy of people. HERE, in 1598, Philip erected the town, built by Logaspi, into a city, and dignified it with an episcopal foundation; an Augustine, Pietro de Agurto, first filled the sea. This island was indulged with sending ships to Calao in Peru, but after the Spaniards had made the conquest of Luconia, and given to its capital the privilege of the Manilla ships, the trade of Zebu declined fast; insomuch that its city is now sunk into a village. The passage from hence to the new world was far more expeditious than that from Manilla, having been performed in two months, and the return in three, and seldom without the discovery of some islands in the vast Pacific. WE have before said,