a style equally elegant with that of the original; I will not injure it by abridgment, but give the whole, from p. 67 to p. 78, and afterward some explanatory remarks on certain parts, and a brief account of the natural history, collected from different materials. In the articles of botany, mineralogy, and zoology, there is so great agreement between the productions of the opposite Sumatra and the peninsula, that I shall, except in a very few instances, defer entering on those subjects till I arrive in that great island. I SHALL now return to M. Le Poivre. "BEYOND the kingdom of Siam," OF THE MALAYES. says that most observant and judicious traveller, is the peninsula of Malacca, a country formerly well peopled, and consequently well cultivated. This nation was once one of the greatest powers, and made a very considerable figure on the theater of Asia. The sea was covered with their ships, and they carried on a most extensive commerce. Their laws, however, were apparently very different from those which subsist among them at present. From time to time they sent out numbers of colonies, which, one after another, peopled the islands of Sumatra, Java, Borneo, the Celebes, or Macassar, the Moluccas, the Phillippines, and those innumerable islands of the Archipelago, which bound Asia on the east, and which occupy an extent of seven hundred leagues in longitude from east to west, by about six hundred of latitude from north to south. The inhabitants of all these islands, those at least upon the coasts, are the same people, they speak almost the same language, have the same laws, the same manners. -- Is it not somewhat singular, that this nation, whose possessions are so extensive, should scarce be known in Europe? I shall endeavor to give you an idea of those laws, and those manners; you will, from thence, easily judge of their agriculture. TRAVELERS who make observations on the Malais, are astonished to find, in the center of Asia, under the scorching climate of the line, the laws, the manners, the customs, and the prejudices of the ancient inhabitants of the north of Europe. The Malais are governed by feudal laws, that capricious system, conceived for the defense of the liberty of a few against the tyranny of one, whilst the multitude is subjected to slavery and oppression. A CHIEF, who has the title of king or sultan, issues his commands to his great vassals, who obey when they think proper; these have inferior vassals, who often act in the same manner with regard to them. A small part of the nation live independent, under the title of Oramcai or noble, and sell their services to those who pay them best; whilst the body of the nation is composed of slaves, and live in perpetual servitude. WITH these laws the Malais are restless, fond of navigation, war, plunder, emigrations, colonies, desperate enterprises, adventures, and gallantry. They talk incessantly of their honor, and their bravery, whilst they are