per 100 lb. and the Bottoms of the Pots, which is very course Sugar, for about 20 s. per 100 lb. both sorts being then scarce; for here was not enough to lade the Ships, and therefore some of them were to lie here till the next Season. The European Ships commonly arrive here in February or March, and they have generally quick Passages; finding at that time of the Year brisk Gales to bring them to the Line, little Trouble, then, in crossing it, and brisk E. N. E. Winds afterward to bring them hither. They commonly return from hence about the latter end of May, or in June. 'Twas said when I was here that the Ships would sail hence the 20th day of May; and therefore they were all very busy, some in taking in their Goods, others in Careening and making themselves ready. The Ships that come hither usually Careen at their first coming; here being a Hulk belonging to the King for that purpose. This Hulk is under the charge of the Superintendent I spoke of, who has a certain Sum of Money for every Ship that Careens by her. He also provides Firing and other Necessaries for that purpose: and the Ships do commonly hire of the Merchants here each 2 Cables to moor by all the time they lie here, and so save their own Hempen Cables; for these are made of a sort of Hair, that grows on a certain kind of Trees, hanging down from the Top of their Bodies, and is very like the black Coyre in the East Indies, if not the same. These Cables are strong and lasting: And so much for the European Ships. The Ships that use the Guinea-Trade are small Vessels in comparison of the former. They carry out from hence Rum, Sugar, the Cotton-cloaths of St. Jago, Beads, etc. and bring in return, Gold, Ivory, and Slaves; making very good returns. The small Craft that belong to this Town are chiefly employed in carrying European Goods from Bahia, the Center of the Brasilian Trade, to the other Places on this Coast; bringing back hither Sugar, Tobacco, etc. They are sailed chiefly with Negro-Slaves; and about Christmas these are mostly employed in Whale-killing: for about that time of the Year a sort Whales, as they call them, are very thick on this Coast. They come in also into the Harbors and inland Lakes, where the Seamen go out and kill them. The Fat of them is boiled to Oil; the Lean is eaten by the Slaves and poor People: And I was told by one that had frequently eaten of it that the Flesh was very sweet and wholesome. These are said to be but small Whales: yet here are so many, and so easily killed, that they get a great deal of Money by it. Those that strike them buy their License for it of the King: And I was informed that he receives