remarks upon the mental and bodily faculties of the African negroes, we shall next proceed to view them in a state of bondage, under all the oppression they are exposed to from the rod of barbarous tyranny; then, rescuing them from this horrid scene, we will next consider them as protected by impartial justice, and fostered by the mild hand of tenderness and humanity. The reader may remember that I have already introduced the slaves as landing from on board the Guinea ships, and generally shocking instances of debility and misery: -- "Their visage is blacker than a coal, they are not known in the streets, their skin cleaves to their bones, it is withered, it is become like a stick." I have also observed, that under the care of some old negroes, appointed for that purpose, they soon become fat and sleek, and learn the language of the colony: they then are sent to work in the fields, to which they cheerfully submit; though I have seen some instances of newly-imported negroes refusing to work, nor could promises, threats, rewards, nor even blows prevail; but these had been princes or people of the first rank in their native country, who by the casualties of war had the misfortune to become slaves, and whose heroic sentiments still preferred instant death to the baseness and miseries of servitude. Upon these occasions I have seen the other slaves fall upon their knees, and entreat the master to permit them to do the work required, in addition to their own tasks; which being sometimes granted, they continued to show the same respect for the captive prince that he had been accustomed to receive in his own country. I remember once to have had a remarkable good-looking new negro to attend me, whose ancles and wrists being much galled by chains, I enquired the cause. "My father," said he, "was a king, and treacherously murdered by the sons of a neighboring prince. To revenge his death, I daily went a hunting with some men, in hopes of retaliating upon his assassins; but I had the misfortune to be surprised, taken, and bound; hence these ignoble scars. I was afterward sold to your European countrymen on the coast of Guiana -- a punishment which was deemed greater than instant death." The history of Quaco, my black boy, was still more extraordinary: -- "My parents," said he, "lived by hunting and fishing: I was stolen from them very young, whilst playing on the sands with two little brothers; I was put into a sack, and carried for several miles. I afterward became the slave of a king on the coast of Guinea, with several hundreds more. When our master died, the principal part of his slaves were beheaded and buried along with him; I, with some other children of my age, were bestowed as presents to the different captains of his army; and the master of a Dutch ship afterward had me, in exchange for a