unhappy sailors, who have so nobly maintained during a war the glorious naval superiority of Englishmen, take to bad courses for want of employ, and that the gallows groans with those neglected objects of bravery, who perhaps, a few months before, were the dread of their enemies. Is it wonderful then, that those who have the resolution to withstand the temptations which seduced their companions, should leave their country -- which they must do or starve -- upon any terms? But this object is scarcely worth contending for: -- the sailors who man the Guineamen are very few of them of this description -- they are mostly such wretches as, having escaped justice in this country, are obliged to fly; for it may be fairly averred, that the vessels bound to AFRICA, by taking such pests of society with them, go more to the prevention of depredations on the public than all the watchfulness of the English police. To say the truth, these ought most to be terrified at the chains in which they are sure to be manacled, whenever they treat the slaves with cruelty. That if the assertion be founded -- "that it would be rather a benefit than a disadvantage to abolish the slave trade, because we might then have returns for our commodities in articles the produce of AFRICA," it contradicts that which went before; for, in this case, would not the sailors be as likely to find a grave upon that coast in any common trading voyage as by bartering for slaves? Besides, this holds out a sort of argument that the disinterestedness of MANCHESTER is not quite so clear as upon the first blush it appeared; for if a mutual commerce of produce for produce could be brought about, the MANCHESTER goods might in that case, not only be sold in as large quantities, but probably to much greater advantage. But, after all, what is the value of the produce of AFRICA? What of consequence have we ever done even with SENEGAL? If we could colonize indeed! -- but then, would not the death of the emigrants be an improvement on the cruelty which it is said has stimulated us to carry so many sailors to their graves in that unwholesome country? That a total abolition of the slave trade would shake the very existence of our WEST INDIA possessions; for there cannot be a falser argument than that a stock of slaves is to be kept up without a constant supply from AFRICA; and as to the visionary notion of putting them on a footing with hired servants, it is too ridiculous to deserve a thought. In short, were the slave trade put an end to, the French, and others, who at present participate with us upon an equal footing the advantages arising from the produce of the Caribbee Islands, would then come at their produce upon better terms, and in greater abundance; and thus would one exertion of humanity, perfectly laudable in