and to be dragged at the foot of an elephant through the streets till neither skin or flesh were left on his bones, and all the Portuguese in Pegu, except the few who could escape by flight, were instantly massacred. THE last great mouth of the Pegu river is the Sitang; SITANG RIVER. it divides the kingdom of Pegu from the province of Martaban. MARTABAN. The city of that name was for some time a royal residence, and had once been the capital of an independent monarchy, but was attacked and taken by the king of Ava, who murdered the sovereign, massacred the inhabitants, and reduced the place to ashes. After this, Hamilton Account of the East Indies, vol. ii. p. 63. says, that the conqueror sunk large vessels laden with stones at the mouth of the port, which was once a fine harbor, so that at present only small ships can enter. It had formerly been the most flourishing commercial town of the East, and still retains its potteries and manufactures, jars glazed with lead ore, large enough to contain two hogsheads. Hamilton also mentions its fisheries, and adds, that its dried mullets exceed in delicacy all fish of the kind. FROM the mouth of the Martaban harbor, the course runs due south, as far as the isle of Junkseilon, ISLE OF JUNKSEILON. an extent of above five hundred miles. The coast of Martaban takes in about a hundred and forty of the computation; the currents along the shore are most swift and violent; the country bordering on the sea little known, and very barbarous. It is skirted with small isles, and is full of danger. THE natives of the kingdom of Pegu, NATIVES OF PEGU. resemble the Malays in appearance and disposition, but are more industrious. Their masters, the Buraghmahs, are liker to the Arabs in their features, and of a darker complexion than the Peguers; they are much addicted to commerce, and so numerous, even in Pegu, as to exceed the natives as 100 to 1. They tattow themselves, and by rubbing in gunpowder, the marks become permanent: the men are stout made; they paint their thighs in graceful flourishes. THE lower Siam, LOWER SIAM. part of the great kingdom of Siam, begins in Lat. 14 50. TOWN OF MERGUI. The town of Mergui stands on an island in the mouth of the river Tenasserim, in Lat. 12 12; it was once a most flourishing emporium, till it was, by the tyranny of the government, almost totally deserted, and the whole neighborhood became the habitation of wild beasts. Mergui was, at the close of the last century, much frequented by the English free merchants; but they were recalled by the East India company. They likewise had a fort here, now in ruins. During the inundations, there is a passage from Mergui to Juthia, or the capital of Siam, which may at that season be performed the greatest part of the way on rafts in three weeks, but