general principle, I will examine the particular resources. I will only say of the two Floridas, that the population is feeble in the extreme. Georgia sends some lumber; but Georgia is said to have acceded to the congress. What has been said of the Floridas, with respect to population, is applicable to St. John's, and in some measure to Nova Scotia. Nor does Nova Scotia export any materials proper for casks to contain rum. In Canada the population is not adequate to the new enterprise, without neglecting points of greater importance in their system. I say of greater importance. Because the West India market is now open to them; an exchange of West India commodities is desirable; and notwithstanding, Canada exports not lumber to the West Indies. In truth, there is a mass of objections, which nothing but a length of time can overcome. Supported by large capitals, or long credit, Canada must first combine several commercial objects, so as to furnish an assortment of cargoes. They must have proper artificers, as well as people. They must provide a navigation equal to the bulky commodity, equal to it under the accumulated difficulties of a great distance, and the dangers and delays of a river covered or choked with ice for more than half the year. If there is little or no resource to be found in America, let the West Indies, in search of lumber, turn their eyes to Europe. I pass over Great Britain and Ireland, because they both import vast quantities of lumber. No inconsiderable part of it is drawn from the middle colonies of North America. But it is to be found in Europe, of every sort and in every shape. The demand of the West Indies has been shown to be vast. It will be immediate. The tenth of September is advancing very fast, and the demand will be unexpected; unexpected, in the opinion of every person who hopes that lenient measures may be adopted; unexpected, in the opinion of every person who, without reasoning farther, depends upon the wisdom of parliament, to extricate the West Indies, and in them the whole empire, from danger. A domestic event, unexpected in Great Britain, will not be presumed in foreign countries. Nor Germany, nor Norway, nor the Baltic, will risk an extensive operation in commerce, upon the speculative idea of a continuance of a most unnatural quarrel. I will however suppose for a moment, that Germany provides a more plentiful stock of staves; that Norway and the Baltic pay the like attention to their deals. I pray it may be understood that the freight of bulky goods trenches deeply into their value. The freight of lumber from North America to the West Indies, a short safe passage, is a moiety of the goods shipped. The double voyage, first to Great Britain, and then to the West Indies, takes away at the same rate for distant and hazardous voyages, an half of that moiety, leaving only a quarter part