THE SUBSTANCE OF THE EVIDENCE ON THE PETITION Presented by the West India Planters and Merchants, TO THE Hon. HOUSE of COMMONS, As it was introduced at the BAR, and summed up By Mr. GLOVER, On THURSDAY the 16th of MARCH, 1775. LONDON, Printed: NEW YORK, Reprinted by H. Gain, in Hanover-Square. M,DCC,LXXV. The HUMBLE PETITION Of the PLANTERS, etc. With the SUBSTANCE of the EVIDENCE, etc. ON the second day of February, 1775, the following Petition was presented to the House of Commons: To the Honorable the COMMONS of GREAT BRITAIN, in Parliament assembled. The HUMBLE PETITION of the Planters of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies residing in GREAT BRITAIN, and of the Merchants of London trading to the said Colonies, SHOWS, THAT your Petitioners are exceedingly alarmed at an Agreement and Association, entered into by the Congress, held at the city of Philadelphia in North America, on the 5th day of September, 1774, whereby the members thereof agreed and associated, for themselves and the inhabitants of the several provinces, (lying between Nova Scotia and Georgia) that from and after the first day of December, 1774, they would not import into British America any Melasses, Syrups, Paneles, Coffee or Pimento from the British Plantations; and that, after the 10th day of September, 1775, if the acts and the parts of Acts of the British Parliament, therein mentioned, are not repealed, they would not directly or indirectly export any merchandise or commodity whatsoever to the West Indies. And your Petitioners most humbly represent, that the British property or stock vested in the West India islands amounts to upwards of thirty millions sterling: That a further property of many millions is employed in the commerce created by the said islands; a commerce comprehending Africa, the East Indies and Europe: That the whole profits and produce of these capitals ultimately center in Great Britain, and add to the national wealth, while the navigation necessary to all its branches establishes a strength, which wealth can neither purchase nor balance. That the sugar plantations in the West Indies are subject to a greater variety of contingencies, than many other species of property, from their necessary dependence on external support; and that therefore should any interruption happen in the general system of their commerce, the great national stock, thus vested and employed, must become unprofitable and precarious. That the profits arising from the present state of the said islands, and that are likely to arise from their future improvement, in a great measure depend on a free and reciprocal intercourse between them and the several provinces of North America, from whence they are furnished with provisions and other supplies, absolutely necessary for their support and the maintenance of their plantations: That the scarcity and high price in Great Britain, and other parts of Europe, of those articles of indispensable necessity, which they now derive from the Middle Colonies of America, and the inadequate population in some parts of that continent, with the distance, danger, and uncertainty