must be the advantage of trade with the Indians in Canada and Louisiana, now ceded to the English, which encouraged and enabled the French to hem in all the English Colonies, by a chain of forts on their back settlements, extended in a tract of above 2000 miles? See Account of the British Settlements in America, and History of the British empire in America. Canada borders to the Northward upon the provinces of Nova Scotia, New England and New York. It is the oldest of all the French establishments, and prior to the settlement of New England. Quebec is the capital of this province. It is built on the river St. Lawrence, upon which are the principal settlements of this Colony. A vast trade already is, and a much greater may in time be carried on with the Indians, on the prodigious fresh water Lakes, of which there are five in number, in extent to be considered as so many seas. They communicate with one another, and the last of them with the river St. Lawrence, which effectually commands the trade of the Lakes, and has an influence upon all the nations of Indians which confine upon them. THE principal produce of the West Indies is Sugar. Of the West Indies. It is amazing what riches have been acquired to England by this commodity, and what a surprizingly great number of ships are employed in the trade, especially of Barbados and Jamaica. This last place is of great consequence to annoy the enemy, in time of war with France or Spain. No plate fleet from Carthagena can arrive at the Havannah, which is the general place of rendezvous for the Flota, without passing by one end of Jamaica. Whilst we continue masters of these seas, we shall always have it in our power to prevent the junction, and greatly distress them. In time of peace, the trade is of no less consequence in drawing from the Spaniards great sums of money. IF the Sugar Islands are of such consequence to England, on account of the great trade, shipping, and number of hands employed, the persons subsisted thereby, and the customs and imposts they pay; the importance of the Colonies on the continent of North America is enhanced from their supplying the West Indies with Lumber and provisions of all sorts. In whatever light we view the connection between Great Britain and her American Colonies; Conclusion. the reciprocal advantages of the present union almost exceed computation, and yet fall every way far short of those immense benefits which will accrue to both, from this union being rendered firm and perpetual. End of the APPENDIX. AN ESSAY On the reciprocal ADVATTAGES OF A PERPETUAL UNION BETWEEN GREAT BRITAIN AND Her AMERICAN Colonies. By STEPHEN WATTS, M. A. ADVERTISEMENT to the Reader. THE author is very sensible, that it would have been proper, in composing the following Essay, to have consulted with gentlemen who reside in the several places he had occasion to