breadth, lying between the forty-first and forty-fifth degrees of North latitude, and comprizes the four provinces of Massachusetts Bay, Connecticut, Rhode Island and New Hampshire. THERE is a noble Cod-fishery on this coast, Its Fishery. which employs a vast number of their people, and proves a very considerable article of trade. They are enabled by this to export annually above thirty thousand quintals of choice Codfish to Spain, Italy and the Mediterranean, and near twenty thousand quintals of the refuse sort to the West Indies, as food for the Negroes, besides a large quantity to Madeira and Fyal, for wines and brandy. THE business of ship-building is one of the most considerable which Boston, Its Tiade. or the other seaport towns in New England carry on. This country has materials enough to build ships for half the employment of Britain. It can furnish the trade and navy too with naval stores, for the supplies of which from the Baltic, two or three hundred thousand pounds sterling annually was wont to be expended. In their trade to foreign parts, the profits of their voyage are generally received in bills of exchange upon London, or in returns of goods through the hands of English factors. By this circuitous commerce, they pay in Great Britain for various sorts of goods got from thence, to the amount of some hundred thousand pounds sterling a year. Although their commerce is not carried on immediately with Great Britain, nor with British vessels, yet here the profits chiefly center, where all the money, which the Colonies, can make in any manner, must center at last. Potashes, a most necessary article in manufactures, particularly in bleaching, as many thousand barrels are annually consumed for this one purpose in Ireland, have, within these few years, proved a very advantageous article of trade in several of the Colonies, particularly in New England, and is likely to become a very valuable and growing remittance to the mother country. The amount of the potashes exported home from New England only, within the last twelve months, is said to be not less than thirty thousand pounds sterling; and it is imagined that the quantity this year will arise to a much more considerable sum. The spirit of gain which the making of potashes has already inspired, it is probable, will every year continue to render this manufacture an object of much greater importance to America than has been generally imagined. Near six hundred sail of ships have been laden in a year for Europe and the British plantations. From Christmas 1747, to Christmas 1748, five hundred vessels cleared out from the port of Boston only, for a foreign trade, and four hundred and thirty were entered inwards. Great is the advantage therefore of the New England trade and navigation, if only considered as a nursery of seamen; how much more by considering the addition it makes to the national stock? History of the British Empire in America. THE three contigious provinces, New York,