and languages that are to be forgotten! O caecas hominum mentes! Where a boy is intended for any of the learned professions, or is heir of an easy fortune, the study of languages is proper; but in this order: one year for the English; one year for the Greek; one year for three other tongues, the Latin, Italian, and French: but, while studying these languages, they should be considered as amusements, and relaxations, as learning the French is now, while the ART OF BEING A MAN should be considered as the business of a boy's education. Domestic and Social Wisdom; Virtue and Hanpiness; all the honest arts of making life delightful, respectable, and important to society; these ought to form the essence and great object of education. It is a trite observation, that girls arrive sooner at womanly manners and knowledge, than boys do at the manners and knowledge proper for their sex. This is ascribed to Nature having assigned a previous maturity to females. The fact is, it is the consequence of the different modes of education. A girl is doing the honors of the table, and winning every body by her polished conversation, while a boy is blubbering over an useless book. His being a man all his life is of no consequence, provided he is a scholar for a few years! -- Prejudice! Prejudice! When will the happy period arrive that humankind shall break thy detestable shackles, only strong from the weakness of the wearers! When will the awful voice of Nature sound to the human mind, Be free! IN Moral Philosophy and Social Science, these greatest divisions of this grand part of knowledge, few or no advances have been made. The lesser morals have perhaps been improved by the Spectator, and other works of the kind, being universally read: and the importance even of the least points of morality is so great that I believe every man of a sound and benevolent mind will agree, that there is more real glory in having written two pages that have actually taught mankind how to be virtuous and happy, than in composing whole systems of speculation; more illustrious fame arising from one of Mr. Addison's papers in the Spectator, than from the whole works of Sir Isaac Newton, even tho he had demonstrated an acute and stupendous theory of deity itself. CIVIL Knowledge, or that of Government and Laws, has certainly admitted no small improvements since Lord Bacon's age. Not only books of merit have been written upon these points; but, what is of far higher moment, the practical operation of Government and Laws has in most kingdoms been rendered more beneficial. It is amazing indeed to consider how widely philosophy has spread the light of liberty and happiness over great part of the world within a short period of time. The reduction of the papal power in many of the kingdoms where it was most predominant is, in particular, a grand epoch of the triumph of science