the name of L'Abbe Colbert, when at Paris, where he has fixed his residence. IN this address there is nothing remarkable, save a very just remark, which, tho made likewise by Pope, is not, and never will be, sufficiently attended to; namely, that there is equal difficulty in judging perfectly well of poetry, as in composing with perfection: and that it is far easier to be a middling author than a just critic. He proceeds, in the address, to show the design upon which his work is written; and what he understands by the title of it, DELLA RAGION POETICA, Of the Reasons or first Causes of Poetry; and observes, that as every noble edifice is built according to the rules of architecture, and these rules have geometry for their ragion, or first cause; so the knowledge of poetry is the ragion or foundation of the rules of poetry. He then proceeds to show the true knowledge of poetry to consist in an eternal idea of fitness of things; and, in the fifteen or sixteen succeeding sections, utterly loses himself in the Platonic system; on which a man of great mind, who gives himself up to erudition, is so apt to be wrecked. Platonism was indeed the madness of Gravina, as appears from all his works: and an attachment to an enthusiastic system is the grand reason why the works of the master of Metastasio have been so little read. FROM this account of the leading idea of his work, you will at first glance perceive that the fabric rests upon sand. Nothing indeed can well be more futile, nor of falser criticism, than to infer an analogy between geometry, the coldest operation of the judgment, and poetry, the warmest exertion of the imagination. The fact is, that the rules of poetry have no ragion, as he quaintly and abstractedly calls it, but the example of former poets. I beg pardon for the expression, rules of poetry. Poetry knows no rules. The code of laws which Genius prescribes to his subjects, will ever rest in their own bosoms. Rules of criticism was the expression I meaned to use; and these have no ragion, or first foundation, at all. They are drawn from Homer, Sophocles, and Pindar: what these masters do, say the critics, is right, and every thing else is wrong. Poor judges! Ye slaves who judge of your masters! Is not NATURE greater than Homer, Sophocles, or Pindar? Is not GENIUS the supreme arbiter and lord of Nature's whole domain; her superior, her king, her god? Bring out your candle then, and teach the sun how to exert his meridian power! IN these first, fifteen sections, there are, nevertheless, some remarks worth notice; such as this, we must study diligently to impress upon verse an appearance of negligence; that the imagination may not revolt from its delusion, through the force of apparent artifice. That upon the native gravity of the Romans is curious; and he ascribes to this the