this, when happily executed, has upon a Reader, and it is surprising that some able Writers of History have not attended to it more. Whether pleasure or instruction be the end sought by the study of History, either of them is enjoyed to much greater advantage, when the mind has always before it the progress of some one great plan or system of actions; when there is some point or center, to which we can refer the various facts related by the Historian. IN general Histories, which record the affairs of a whole nation or empire throughout several ages, this unity, I confess, must be more imperfect. Yet even there, some degree of it can be preserved by a skilful Writer. For though the whole, taken together, be very complex, yet the great constituent parts of it, form so many subordinate wholes, when taken by themselves; each of which can be treated both as complete within itself, and as connected with what goes before and follows. In the History of a Monarchy, for instance, every reign should have its own unity; a beginning, a middle, and an end to the system of affairs; while, at the same time, we are taught to discern how that system of affairs rose from the preceding, and how it is inserted into what follows after. We should be able to trace all the secret links of the chain, which binds together remote, and seemingly unconnected events. In some kingdoms of Europe, it was the plan of many succeeding princes to reduce the power of their nobles; and during several reigns, most of the leading actions had a reference to this end. In other states, the rising power of the Commons, influenced for a tract of time the course and connection of public affairs. Among the Romans, the leading principle was a gradual extention of conquest, and the attainment of universal empire. The continual increase of their power, advancing toward this end from small beginnings, and by sort of regular progressive plan, furnished to Livy a happy subject for historical unity, in the midst of a great variety of transactions. OF all the ancient general Historians, the one who had the most exact idea of this quality of Historical Composition, though, in other respects, not an elegant Writer, is Polybius. This appears from the account he gives of his own plan in the beginning of his Third Book; observing that the subject of which he had undertaken to write, is, throughout the whole of it, one action, one great spectacle; how, and by what causes, all the parts of the habitable world became subject to the Roman Empire. "This action," says he, "is distinct in its beginning, determined in its duration, and clear in its final accomplishment; therefore, I think it of use, to give a general view beforehand, of the chief constituent parts which make up this whole." In another place, he congratulates himself on his good fortune, in having a subject for History,