own hearts. The sentence which they most dread, is that of reason and conscience, which they would engage on their side at any price but the labors of duty, and the sorrows of repentance. For this purpose every seducement and fallacy is sought, till life is too often at an end while the hopes rest upon some new experiment, and the last hour steals on unperceived, while the faculties are engaged in counteracting providence, resisting the voice of reason, and repressing the sense of the divine disapprobation. NUMB. 77. TUESDAY, December 11, 1750. Os dignum aeterno nitidum quod fulgeat Auro, Si mallet laudare Deum, cui sordida Monstra Praetulit, et liquidam temeravit Crimine Vocem. PRUDENT. AMONG those, whose hopes of advancement, distinction, or riches, arise from an opinion of their intellectual seize, it has been, from age to age, an established custom to complain of the neglect of learning, of the ingratitude of mankind to their instructors, and the discouragement which men of genius and study suffer from the avarice of the wealthy, the ignorance of the great, the prevalence of false taste, and the encroachment of barbarity. MEN are most powerfully affected by those evils which themselves feel, or which appear before their own eyes; and as there has never been a time of such general felicity, but that many have miscarried in their hopes, and failed to obtain the rewards to which they had, in their own judgment, a just claim, some offended writer has always declaimed, in the rage of dliappointment, against the age, or nation, into which his fate has thrown him; nor is there one who has not fallen upon times more unfavourable to learning than any former century, or who does not wish, that he had been reserved in the insensibility of nonexistence to some happier hour, when the sons of science shall regain their ancient honors, when literary merit shall no longer be despised, and all the gifts and caresses of mankind shall recompense the toils of study, and add luster to the charms of wit. MANY of these clamours are undoubte to be considered only as the bursts of pride never to be satisfied, as the prattle of affectation mimicking distresses which are not felt, or as the common places of vanity solicitous for splendor of sentences and acuteness of remark. Yet it cannot be denied that universal discontent must proceed from universal hardships, and though it is evident, that not more than one age or people can deserve the censure of being more averse from learning than any other, yet at all times knowledge has encountered impediments, and wit been mortified with contempt, or harrassed with persecution. IT is not necessary, however, to join immediately in the general outcry, or to condemn mankind as pleased with ignorance, or always envious of superior abilities. The miseries of the learned have been related by themselves, and since they have not been hitherto found exempted by their knowledge from that partiality with which men generally