DELUSION. DELUSION and weakness produce not one mischief the less, because they are universal. -- Letter to the Sheriffs of Bristol. DEATH. BUT as pain is stronger in its operations than pleasure, so death is in general a much more affecting idea than pain; because there are very few pains, however equisite, which are not preferred to death; nay, what generally make pain itself, if I may say so, is, that it is considered as an emissary of this king of terrors. -- Sublime and Beautiful. DARKNESS. DARKNESS is more productive of sublime ideas than light. Our great poet was convinced of this; and indeed so full was he of this idea, so entirely possessed with the power of a well-managed darkness, that in describing the appearance of the Deity, amidst that profusion of magnificent images which the grandeur of his subject provokes him to pour out upon every side, he is far from forgetting the obscurity which surrounds the most incomprehensible of all beings, but -- With the majesty of darkness round Circles his throne. And what is no less remarkable, our author had the secret of preserving this idea, even when he seemed to depart the farthest from it, when he describes the light and glory which flows from the divine presence; a light which by its very excess is converted into a species of darkness. Dark with excessive light thy skirts appear. Here is an idea not only poetical in an high degree, but strictly and philosophically just. Extreme light, by overcoming the organs of sight, obliterates all objects, so as in its effect exactly to resemble darkness. After looking for some time at the sun, two black spots, the impression which it leaves, seem to dance before our eyes. Thus are two ideas as opposite as can be imagined reconciled in the extremes of both; and both in spite of their opposite nature brought to concur in producing the sublime. And this is not the only instance wherein the opposite extremes operate equally in favor of the sublime, which in all things abhors mediocrity. -- Ibid. DIGNITY. DIGNITY, hitherto, has belonged to the mode of proceeding, not to the matter of a treaty. Never before has it been mentioned as the standard for rating the conditions of peace; no, never by the most violent of conquerors. Indemnity is capable of some estimate; dignity has no standard. -- Regicide Peace. DEBT (CIVIL). THERE are two capital faults in our law with relation to civil debts. One is, that every man is presumed solvent. A presumption, in innumerable cases, directly against truth. Therefore the debtor is ordered, on a supposition of ability and fraud, to be coerced his liberty until he makes payment. By this means, in all cases of civil insolvency without a pardon from his creditor, he is to be imprisoned for life: -- and thus a miserable mistaken invention of artificial science, operates to change a civil into a criminal judgment, and to scourge misfortune