referred it to two judges, to avoid the censure of too much severity on one side, and the inconvenience of unpopularity on the other; and so suggested an appeal from the judicial sentence: which shows the consideration in which the people were then held. Servius, the sixth king, certainly thought they were likely to prevail too much, and depressed them by changing the mode of collecting the suffrages. As to acts of violence by hired mobs, composed at Rome as every where else of the dregs of mankind, it only proves, that they were not the government. Not only the chief power of the state, but all real freedom of action seemed to reside in the Senate, and in the persons of a few magistrates during their continuance in office. Did the statute-books or the common law of Great Britain secure liberty only to members of parliament, to the board of treasury, the lord mayor, and a few other magistrates, what reasonable man would affirm that REFORM was, at present, a speculation idle, unnecessary, or factious? The consuls were ANNUAL KINGS, invested under another name with more authority than is allowed to limited royalty. Why the democratick ascendency has been sometimes asserted, may perhaps be thus easily accounted for. Writers have taken up the subject by parts, without a fair examination of the whole. Having some favorite system to support, or theory to illustrate, (at once flattering to ingenuity, and irreconcilable to experience,) they find a particular occurrence, or some detached passages of an ancient author, which may be accommodated to their purpose; and they build upon them some crude and hasty dogma, which afterward is not to be relinquished. Their partiality will not allow them to discern their error at the time, nor will their want of candor upon better information suffer the retraction. To every passage which can be found countenancing the supremacy of the populace at large, it is not too much to affirm, that at least half a dozen may be opposed of a contrary tendency. Exaggeration and high coloring must be expected in orations; they consitute the grace, not the substance of history, and often are the work of the historian's invention; but we see the speeches of Demagogues abounding in general with complaints of the degradation and abject state of Plebeians, and with bitter reprehensions of the overweening ambition and jealous tyranny of the Nobles. But allowing this point to remain undecided, we may turn our view to another, where there is no room for misrepresentation, theory, or the fertility of conjectural inference. Behold then -- "This nurse of heroes, this delight of gods," under a dictator, as described already, with a numerous army by sea and land, scourged or cudgeled by the centurion, and decimated by the general; wives exposed to divorce from the avarice, disgust, or capricious inconstancy of their husbands; usurious creditors permitted by the law to imprison, lash, and torture the persons of their insolvent debtors; the whole youth of