we must endeavor to reconcile Tully's adulation of CAESAR in the Senate, and the private sentiments which he expressed of him in the closet. As Cicero always speaks from reflection, he frequently writes from feeling; so that we can sometimes form a better judgment of the state of his mind at the moment, than of the subject on which his familiar pen is employed. Tacitus with his usual brevity asserts his impartiality sufficiently, when he tells us that he writes of men "nec beneficio, nec injuria cognitos;" and after all, this is the best security for truth: through the mists of resentment or interest, she is always seen obscurely. There will be found in the following poem a few rhymes which modern custom, more perhaps than reason, has brought into a sort of disuse; I mean, where the terminating word of one line in a couplet chimes only with the last sound of a polysyllable in the next; as are and similar, etc. but I must acquaint the critic, that this is not the effect of necessity, but choice. We have not improved upon the rich and various versification of Dryden; and to produce authorities from his practice would be to transcribe little less than a third part of his poetry. Pope, who is supposed to be rather more exact, is somewhat more sparing; but he frequently indulges himself in this practice, and always, if I am not mistaken, with evident satisfaction. It recurs perhaps too often in the elder poet, and more judiciously in his admirer; for a mode of versifying adopted for variety loses its effect by too much repetition. Rhymes strictly correct are perhaps indispensable in very short compositions, or in such as Mr. Addison in his preface to the Georgicks calls, with simplicity enough, "a copy of verses;" but not even in these should I wish to see a vigorous expression weakened, or a thought maimed, for any compensation the ear could receive from the most exact consonance. Licentia sumpta pudenter can never appear objectionable; and this a good taste only can regulate. Rhymes, which almost constitute the essence of French poetry, in ours are but an adjunct; and yet to what shifts, what poor expedients, to what identity of sounds and terminations, are not the best versifiers of France often reduced? Take the piece in disorder from the frame, and the poetical texture will be no more discernible: we shall not find, as in Ennius, disjecti membra poetae. One short argument upon this point appears to me to be irrefragable. He is always considered as a good reciter of rhymes, who in his recitation hardly suffers the hearer to perceive them. Why it should be requisite for the poet to produce what it is a merit in the reader to conceal, I know not. It is something almost superfluous; like the present fashion in dress, of wearing fine lace-ruffles under the sleeve of a coat which very nearly covers them. The late Mr. Quin, whom