could not increase his fame as a writer or speaker. He did not trust to his pen in promoting the cause of the Catholics, he sent his son to Ireland for that purpose, who received a thousand pounds for his mission. This induced many to believe that the zeal which was exhibited on that occasion flowed from his attachment to the Romish Church, and the old erroneous story of his being bred at St. Omers was revived. This question being put one day to Dr. Doctor Goldsmith, "I don't see," said the Doctor, "that he had any occasion to be bred there." To repel those charges, he wrote a letter to Thomas Burgh, Esquire of Old Town, in Ireland, in which he stated, at full length, the reasons which induced him to become the advocate of the Irish Catholics. When Mr. Burke was a young man it is said that he attempted to write a tragedy, but that having shown a few passages of it to a friend, he was persuaded to turn his attention to some other literary line, in which he would shine to more advantage. His Essay on the Sublime and Beautiful was the first production of his pen that drew the attention of the learned. When the late Lord Chesterfield first read it, he said the sublime was beautiful, and the beautiful sublime. As an orator Mr. Burke paid very little attention to the graces, as his utterance was in general vehement, his gesticulation partook of the same passion. His reading was various, and he had the happy art of making every thing he read his own, so that his plagiarism often escaped in the peculiar flow and modification of his words. His memory was tenacious, his imagination so fervid and head strong, that it could scarce be restrained by his judgment, but swelled "due on, and scarce ever knew retiring ebb." The solidity of his judgment was often lost in the brilliancy of his fancy, as the solidity of the sun is often lost in the splendor of his beams. In the heat and whirlwind of his passions he fell at times into low expressions, as the rapid showers in South America when they wash down gold mingle it with common sand. He was a great lover of agriculture, abstemious in his diet, and plain in his dress. His favorite maxim was, that the passions ought to instruct the reason; this, perhaps, may account for his conduct in the evening of his life. If he had paid more attention to his private affairs, his friends and admirers, perhaps, would not have to lament that he died a pensioner. "Grandeur of soul" says a celebrated writer, "that haughtily struggles with poverty, and will neither yield to, nor make terms with misfortunes; which through every situation reposes a noble confidence in itself, and has an immovable view to future glory and honor, astonishes the world with admiration and delight. We, as it were, lean forward with surprise