be a false proposition, but still is perfectly conceivable, and implies no contradiction. THE existence, therefore, of any being can only be proved by arguments from its cause or its effect; and these arguments are founded entirely on experience. If we reason a priori, any thing may appear able to produce any thing. The falling of a pebble may, for aught we know, extinguish the sun; or the wish of a man control the planets in their orbits. It Is only experience, which teaches us the nature and bounds of cause and effect, and enables us to inser the existence of one object from that of another That impious maxim of the ancient philosophy, Ex nihilo, nihil fit, by which the creation of matter was excluded, ceases to be a maxim, according to this philosophy. Not only the will of the supreme Being may create matter; but, for aught we know a priori, the will of any other Being might create it, or any other cause, that the most whimsical imagination can assign. . Such is the foundation of moral reasoning, which forms the greatest part of human knowledge, and is the source of all human action and behavior. MORAL reasonings are either concerning particular or general facts. All deliberations in life regard the former; as also all disquisitions in history, chronology, geography, and astronomy. THE sciences, which treat of general facts, are polities, natural philosophy, physic, chemistry, etc. where the qualities, causes, and effects of a whole species of objects are enquired into. DIVINITY or Theology, as it proves the existence of a Deity, and the immortality of souls, is composed partly of reasonings concerning particular, partly concerning general facts. It has a foundation in reason, so far as it is supported by experience. But its best and most solid foundation is faith and divine revelation. MORALS and criticism are not so properly objects of the understanding as of taste and sentiment. Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived. Or if we reason concerning it, and endeavor to fix its standard, we regard a new fact, viz. the general taste of mankind, or some such fact, which may be the object of reasoning and enquiry. WHEN we run over libraries, persuaded of these principles, what havoc must we make? If we take in our hand any volume; of divinity or school metaphysics, for instance; let us ask, Does it contain any abstract reasonings concerning quantity of number? No. Does it contain any experimental reasonings concerning matters of fact or existence? No. Commit it then to the flames: For it can contain nothing but sophistry and illusion. A DISSERTATION ON THE PASSIONS. SECT. I. 1. SOME objects produce immediately an argreeable sensation, by the original structure of our organs, and are thence denominated GOOD; as others, from their immediate disagreeable sensation, acquire the appellation of EVIL. Thus moderate warmth is agreeable and good; excessive heat painful and evil. SOME objects again, by being naturally conformable or