those many beautiful periodical effays which adorn our language. But, perhaps, it might be better to regale the mind with them singly, at different times, than to read at the same sitting, a multitude of short pieces on dissimilar and contradictory topics, by way of getting through the book. . I am not discouraging study at a late period of life, or even slender knowledge; information is good at whatever period and in whatever degree it be acquired. But in such cases it should be attended with peculiar humility; and the new possessor should bear in mind, that what is fresh to her has been long known to others; and she should be aware of advancing as novel that which is common, and obtruding as rare that which every body possesses. Some ladies are eager to exhibit proofs of their reading, though at the expense of their judgment, and will introduce in conversation quotations quite irrelevant to the matter in hand, because they happen to recur to their recollection, or were, perhaps, found in the book they have just been reading. Inappropriate quotations or strained analogy may show reading, but they do not show taste. That just and happy allusion which knows by a word how to awaken a corresponding image, or to excite in the mind of the hearer the idea which fills the mind of the speaker, shows less pedantry and more taste than bare citations; and a mind imbued with elegant knowledge will inevitably betray the opulence of its resources, even on topics which do not relate to science or literature. Well informed persons will easily be discovered to have read the best books, though they are not always detailing catalogues of authors. True taste will detect the infusion which true modesty will not display; and even common subjects passing through a cultivated understanding, borrow a flavor of its richness. A power of apt selection is more valuable than any power of general retention; and an apposite remark, which shoots strait to the point, demands higher powers of mind than an hundred simple acts of mere memory: for the business of the memory is only to store up materials which the understanding is to mix and work up with its native faculties, and which the judgment is to bring out and apply. But young women, who have more vivacity than sense, and more vanity than vivacity, often risk the charge of absurdity to escape that of ignorance, and will even compare two authors who are totally unlike rather than miss the occasion to show that they have read both. Among the arts to spoil conversation, some ladies possess that of suddenly diverting it from the channel in which it was beneficially flowing, because some word used by the person who was speaking has accidentally struck out a new train of thinking in their own minds, and not because the idea expressed has struck out a fresh idea, which sort of collision is indeed the way of eliciting