be due and meet by the mere dictates of natural reason Chambers's Dictionary, Art. Religion. ." This is sometimes called ethics or moral virtue, and includes in it these duties which, on the principles of reason, a man owes to God, to society, and to himself; the duties we owe to the Deity resulting from our relation to him, as our Creator, benefactor, lawgiver, and judge, and as the original fountain of all goodness, wisdom, beauty and happiness are veneration, gratitude, love, resignation, dependence, obedience, worship and praise, which, according to the measure of our finite capacities, ought to maintain some proportion to the grandeur of the object whom we love, and the greatness of our obligation. The duties we owe to society of peculiar obligation, are filial or conjugal; but in general we owe to others, love, justice, sincerity, fidelity, charity, the love of our country, and universal benevolence. The duties respecting ourselves are prudence, fortitude, the government of the appetites and passions, humility and resignation; these constitute the temper of happiness, and are the elements of our perfection and felicity Martin's Ethics. Wollaston's Religion of Nature,. vi. N. 19. . The essence of all religion, says an ingenious writer, is love to God and love to man Rational Catechism, p. 59. See also Fordyce's Philosophy. . Another judicious author says, by natural religion we are to understand all those things, which intelligent beings, by the right exercise of their reasonable faculties, can discover to be their duty, without a supernatural revelation to direct them, and upon that discovery so made, or capable of being made, which they are obliged to pursue, and practice in their several circumstances, offices or relations in life. Thus to love and reverence the Deity, to do justice between man and man, between our neighbors and ourselves, and to be charitable and benevolent to all proper objects, are all of them branches of natural religion; which every man's reason may discover to him, and which the present constitution of things requires from him, and necessarily subjects him to The eternal obligation of Natural Religion, p. 1, 2. . The law of nature, says another ingenious gentleman, is the will of God, relating to human actions, grounded in the moral differences of things, and because discoverable by the light of nature, obligatory upon all mankind. It is called the law of nature, 1. Because of the manner of its promulgation, which is by natural reason; 2. Because of its source of foundation, this law resulting from the respective nature of Beings, and things: of Beings, as God and man, and of things or actions, as morally good or evil, and having different physical effects; 3. Because it is the law of God. Nature is but a fictiticus The Stoics often made use of the word Nature, as another name for God. Senec. de Benef. 47. Grove's Moral Phil. vol. II. p. 130. person, and all that is said of the wisdom of her designs, and