that the Reader may form a juster Idea thereof. The WHOLE is most humbly inscribed to every ingenious and impartial Enquirer after Truth, by The AUTHOR. INTRODUCTION. RELIGION essential to Man; his Duty and Happiness. Natural Religion defined, its immutable Obligation, etc. Revealed Religion, its Expediency and Utility. General History of the Old Testament. The superior Excel^ency the New Testament. Truth, its Nature, and Imp^rtance in general, and of religious Truths in particular. The principal Source of Uncertainty in our Enquiries after Truth, the Causes of Corruption in Christianity, and the Difficulties attending the Understanding the Scriptures, considered. Truth, nevertheless, attainable in all important and essential Points, with the Means of acquiring it. The right Privilege and Duty of free and impartial Enquiry, as opposed to Prejudice and Bigotry, and to a careless Indifference. The abuses of free enquiry. The Advantages attending the diligent Pursuit of Truth, and the pernicious Consequences of Ignorance and Error. With some Remarks applicable to the Subjects of the Work. RELIGION, Religion essential to Man, his Duty and Happiness. in its genuine principles and influences, is so sublime and excellent, in its nature and effects so noble and beneficent, and so admirably suited to the state and circumstances of reasonable, intelligent and accountable creatures, that it justly claims to be the matter of our first and principal concern. Man is a creature formed for religion, (...) Plato in Timaeo. , is dependent on a supreme Being, capable of knowing on whom be depends; and has a natural awe of his Creator impressed on his mind. He naturally admires the grandeur, beauty, and use, that abound all over the world; he has a natural curiosity to prompt him to enquire after the cause, and has reason to discover to him a supreme all perfect mind, as the only adequate cause of this infinity of beauty and good; his passions of veneration, gratitude, fear and hope, naturally terminate in this Being; as the only object equal to them; and his natural apprehensions' of eternity, naturally excite him to secure, by goodness and piety, the favor of that Almighty and eternal Being, who alone can make him happy during that everlasting state of which he is apprehensive. And now laying all these properties together, self-love, reason, a social disposition, and benevolent affections, a strong sense and love of beauty, a natural dependence on a supreme Being, and a natural awe of him, etc. we have an idea of human nature, and from this idea of human nature, the natural difference betwixt virtue and vice, and the excellency of religion, will appear Grove's Moral Philosophy, p. 139. . Religion is generally considered as natural or revealed, and these are differently defined, and as differently estimated as to their importance. Natural Religion defined. Natural religion, Mr. Wollaston tells us, consists in "the pursuit of happiness, by the practice of reason and truth Wollaston's Religion of Nature delineated, p. 52. . Mr. Chambers defines it to be, "whatever we discover to