all the labor, care and industry of mankind. To illustrate this by an example; constant experience has taught us, that death is a necessary event. The human frame is not made to last, as it is, for ever; and therefore no man thinks of acquiring a natural immortality. But the particular time of our death appears a contingent event. However certain it be, that the precise time and manner of each man's death, is determined by a train of preceding causes, not less necessary than the hour of the sun's rising or setting tomorrow, yet no person is in the least affected by this doctrine. In the care of prolonging life, every man is conducted by the feeling he has, of the contingency of the time of his death; which, to a certain term of years, he considers as depending in a great measure upon himself, by caution against accidents, due use of exercise, medicine, etc. To these means, he applies himself with the same diligence, as if there was, in fact, no necessary train of causes, to fix the period of his life. In short, whoever attends to his own practical ideas; whoever reflects upon the meaning of these words, which occur in all languages, of things possible, contingent, that are in our power to cause or prevent; whoever, I say, reflects upon such words, will clearly see, that they suggest certain feelings, or natural notions, repugnant to the doctrine above established, of universal necessity This repugnancy of feeling to truth, gave rise to the famous dispute concerning things possible, among the ancient Stoics, who held this doctrine of universal necessity. Diodorus, as Cicero informs us in his book de fato, cap. vii. held this opinion, Id solum fieri posse, quod aut verum sit, aut futurum sit verum; at quicquid futurum sit, id dicit fieri necesse esse, et quicquid non sit futurum, id negat fieri posse. That is, he maintained, there is nothing contingent in future events, nothing possible to happen, but that precise event which will happen. This no doubt was carrying their system its due length: though, in this way of speaking, there is something that manifestly shocks the natural feelings of mankind. Chrysippus, on the other hand, sensible of the harshness of the above consequence, maintained, that it is possible for future events to happen otherways than in fact they happen. In this, he was certainly inconsistent with his general system of necessity; and therefore, as Cicero gives us to understand, was often embarassed in the dispute with Diodorus: and Plutarch, in his book, de repugnantiis Stoicorum, exposes him for this inconsistency. But Chrysippus chose to follow his natural feelings, in opposition to philosophy; holding by this, that Diodorus's doctrine of nothing being possible but what happens, was ignava ratio, tending to absolute inaction; cui si pareamus, as Cicero expresses it, nihil omnino agamus in vita. So early were philosophers sensible of the difficulty of reconciling speculation with feeling, as to this doctrine of fate. .