consideration, what other principles concur with the moral sense to qualify men for society. When we reflect on the different branches of human knowledge, it might seem, that of all subjects human nature should be the best understood; because every man has daily opportunities to study it, in his own passions and in his own actions. But human nature, an interesting subject, is seldom left to the investigation of philosophy. Writers of a sweet disposition and warm imagination hold, that man is a benevolent being, and that every man ought to direct his conduct for the good of all, without regarding himself but as one of the number Lord Shaftesbury. . Those of a cold temperament, and contracted mind, hold him to be an animal entirely selfish; to evince which, examples are accumulated without end Helvetius, . Neither of these systems is that of nature. The selfish system is contradicted by the experience of all ages, affording the clearest evidence, that men frequently act for the sake of others, without regarding themselves, and sometimes in direct opposition to their own interest. And however much selfishness may prevail in action, it certainly prevails not in sentiment and affection: all men conspire to put a high estimation upon generosity, benevolence and other social virtues; while even the most selfish are disgusted with selfishness in others, and endeavor to hide it in themselves. The most zealous patron of the selfish principle will not venture to maintain, that it renders us altogether indifferent about our fellow creatures. Laying aside self-interest, with every connection of love and hatred, good fortune happening to any one is agreeable to all, and bad fortune happening to any one is disagreeable to all. On the other hand, the system of universal benevolence, is no less contradictory to experience: from which we learn, that men commonly are disposed to prefer their own interest before that of others, especially where there is no strict connection: nor do we find that such bias is opposed by the moral sense. Man in fact is a complex being, composed of principles, some benevolent, some selfish: and these principles are so justly blended in his nature, as to fit him for acting a proper part in society. It would indeed be losing time to prove, that without some affection for his fellow creatures he would be ill qualified for society. And it will be made evident afterward Sect. 4. , that universal benevolence would be more hurtful to society, than even absolute selfishness "Many moralists enter so deeply into one passion or bias of human nature, that, to use the painter's phrase, they quite overcharge it. Thus I have seen a whole system of morals founded upon a single pillar of the inward frame; and the entire conduct of life, and all the characters in it, accounted for, sometimes from superstition, sometimes from pride, and most commonly from interest. They forget how various a creature it is they are painting; how many springs and weights,