to get free of some arguments, urged by materialists against the existence of the Deity. If so, he has been unhappy in his experiment; for this doctrine, if it should not lead to universal skepticism, affords, at least, a shrewd argument in favors of Atheism. If I can only be conscious of what passes in my own mind, and if I cannot trust my senses, when they give me notice of external and independent existences; it follows, that I am the only being in the world; at least, that I can have no evidence from my senses, of any other being, body or spirit. This is certainly an unwary concession; because it deprives us of our principal, or only, inlet to the knowledge of the Deity. Laying aside sense and feeling, this learned divine will find it a difficult task, to point out by what other means it is, that we make the discovery of the above important truth. But of this more afterward. WERE there nothing else in view, but to establish the reality of external objects, it would be scarce worth while, to bestow much thought, in solving metaphysical paradoxes against their existence, which are better confuted by common sense and experience. But, as the above doctrine appears to have very extensive consequences, and to strike at the root of the most valuable branches of human knowledge; an attempt to re-establish the authority of our senses, by detecting the fallacy of the arguments that have been urged against it, may, it is hoped, not be unacceptable to the public. The attempt, at any rate, is necessary in this work, the main purpose of which is, to show that our senses, external and internal, are the true sources, from whence the knowledge of the Deity is derived to us. IN order to afford satisfaction upon a subject, which is easier felt than expressed, it will be proper, to give a distinct analysis of the operations of those senses, by which we perceive external objects. And, if this be once clearly apprehended, it will not be a matter of difficulty, to answer the several objections, which have been urged against their existence. THE impressions of the external senses are of different kinds. Some we have at the organs of sense, such as smelling, tasting, touching. Some are made upon us as from a distance, such as hearing and seeing. From the sense of feeling, are derived the impressions of body, solidity and external existence. Laying my hand upon this table, I perceive a thing smooth and hard, pressing upon my hand, and which is perceived as more distant from me, than my hand is. From the sight, we have the impressions of motion and of color; and from the sight as well as from the touch, those of extension and figure. But it is more material to observe, upon the present subject, that from sight as well as touch, we have the impression of things as having an independent and