knowledge can vie with theology, either in dignity or importance, it justly claims to be a favorite study with every person endued with true taste and solid judgment. From the time that writing was invented, natural religion has employed pens without number; and yet in no language is there found a complete history of it. That task is far above my abilities: I propose only a slight sketch; which I shall glory in, however imperfect, if it excite any one of superior talents to undertake a task so arduous. CHAP. I. Existence of a DEITY. THAT there are beings, one or many, powerful above men, has been generally believed among the various tribes of men: I may say universally believed, notwithstanding what is reported of some gross savages; for reports repugnant to the common nature of man, require more able vouchers than a few illiterate voyagers. Among many savage tribes, there are no words but for objects of external sense: is it surprising, that such people are incapable to express their religious perceptions, or any perception of internal sense? and from their silence can it be fairly presumed, that they have no such perception In the language even of Peru, there is not a word for expressing an abstract idea, such as time, endurance, space, existence, substance, matter, body. It is no less defective in expressing moral ideas, such as virtue, justice, gratitude, liberty. The Yameos, a tribe on the river Oroonoko, described by Condamine, use the word poettarraroincouroac to express the number three, and have no word for a greater number. The Brasilian language is nearly as barren. ? The belief of superior powers, in every country where there are words to express it, is so well vouched, that in fair reasoning it ought to be taken for granted among the few tribes where language is deficient. Even the grossest idolatry affords to me evidence of that belief. No nation can be so brutish as to worship a stock or a stone, merely as such. The visible object is always imagined to be connected with some invisible power; and the worship paid to the former, is as representing the latter, or as in some manner connected with it. Every family among the ancient Lithuanians, entertained a real serpent as a household god; and the same practice is at present universal, among the negroes in the kingdom of Whidah: it is not the serpent that is worshipped, but some deity imagined to reside in it. The ancient Egyptians were not idiots, to pay divine honors to a bull or a cat, as such: the divine honors were paid to a deity, as residing in these animals. The sun is to man a familiar object: as it is frequently obscured by clouds, and totally eclipsed during night, a savage readily conceives it to be a great fire sometimes flaming bright, sometimes obscured, and sometimes extinguished. Whence then sunworship, once universal among savages? Plainly from the same cause: it is not properly