so much concerned in this matter, that it is difficult to express sufficient sorrow for the offender, or indignation against him. But if ever man deserved to be denied the common benefits of air and water, it is the Author of a Discourse of Free-thinking. -- mentisque capacius alta. Ovid. AS I was, the other day, taking a solitary walk in St. Paul's, I indulged my thoughts in the pursuit of a certain analogy between the Fabric and the Christian Church in the largest sense. The divine order and economy of the one seemed to be emblematically set forth by the just, plain, and majestic architecture of the other. And as the one consists of a great variety of parts united in the same regular design, according to the truest art, and most exact proportion; so the other contains a decent subordination of members, various sacred institutions, sublime doctrines, and solid precepts of morality digested into the same design, and with an admirable concurrence tending to one view, the happiness and exaltation of human nature. In the midst of my contemplation I beheld a Fly upon one of the Pillars; and it straitway came into my head, that this same Fly was a Free-thinker. For it required some comprehension in the eye of the Spectator, to take in at one view the various parts of the building, in order to observe their symmetry and design. But to the Fly, whose prospect was confined to a little part of one of the stones of a single pillar, the joint beauty of the whole, or the distinct use of its parts, were inconspicuous, and nothing could appear but small inequalities in the surface of the hewn stone, which in the view of that insect seemed so many deformed rocks and precipices. The thoughts of a Free-thinker are employed on certain minute particularities of Religion, the difficulty of a single text, or the unaccountableness of some step of Providence or point of doctrine to his narrow faculties, without comprehending the scope and design of Christianity, the perfection to which it raises human nature, the light it has shed abroad in the world, and the close connection it has as well with the good of public societies, as with that of particular persons. This raised in me some reflections on that frame or disposition which is called largeness of mind, its necessity toward forming a true judgment of things, and where the Soul is not incurably stinted by nature, what are the likeliest methods to give it enlargement. It is evident that Philosophy does open and enlarge the mind, by the general views to which men are habituated in that study, and by the contemplation of more numerous and distant objects, than fall within the sphere of mankind in the ordinary pursuits of life. Hence it comes to pass, that Philosophers judge of most things very differently from the vulgar. Some instances of this may be seen in the Theaetetus of Plato, where Socrates