God is this general and complex, yet negative idea of incomprehensibleness. There is a certain preeminence, if I may so call it, in the Divine essence, etc. which utterly precludes investigation. But if so, all mysteries, whether natural or religious, whether relative, e. g. to the extension of space, etc. or to the nature of the Deity; all these, if considered purely as mysteries, will stand upon a level in point of credibility. And let a revelation be supposed, all adventitious truths introduced thereby will be fixed upon the same foot; because faith cannot have a stronger foundation in human reason than in divine authority. This is granted without difficulty; but then as the deist denies the authenticity of those writings which we affirm to contain such revelation, so the heretic disputes the sense and scope of them. The question therefore is, whether the opinion of the one, and the unbelief of the other, is respectively the result of judgment, or of passion; of conviction, or of pride; of impartial enquiry, or of unwillingness to submit the understanding of man to the wisdom of God? For, I repeat it, neither the one nor the other can, consistently with his own principles and acknowledgments, controvert the received sense, or deny the authority of those writings which the Church holds to be the Word of God, barely on account of mysterious truths contained in them. If the Divine Essence be necessarily incomprehensible, no Revelation can possibly make it less so; so far from it, that the very idea of a Divine Revelation, with respect to that essence, implies a Revelation of mysteries; i. e. of truths undiscoverable, and inconceivable by our natural powers; and accordingly, the credit of Revelation is rather confirmed than weakened by the number and importance of such truths. For it is but natural to expect a more ample display of wonders, and larger discoveries of sublime and sacred points of faith in this Revelation; and surely God is not the less to be believed, the more he communicates to us of his nature, properties, and dispensations. As far as these remarks affect Revelation in general, heretics in general will admit the justness of them; though at the very instant that they allow the writings in question to be the sole rule of faith, they endeavor, as much as may be, to reduce that rule to the measure of their own judgments and apprehensions. I am however already justified in asserting, that as much as some people are averse to believing what they do not understand, they cannot avoid believing what they do not understand; and that therefore, on proper authority, it is full as reasonable to believe an hundred mysteries as one. (e) And here taking my leave of the deist, I would desire the heretic by what appellation soever distinguished, to recollect, that Revelation left human nature as it found it; I mean with respect to our intellectual faculties; that, from the beginning of the creation to