now named exposes the extreme folly of such transgressors of the law as stood selfcondemned; or complains of the rigor of its requisitions; or declares the impossibility of yielding meritorious obedience to it, and consequently of obtaining Salvation under it, its subsistence and obligation are supposed beyond all possible contradiction. That it could not make the comers thereunto perfect, was an argument of its own intrinsic perfection. The same great Apostle, pressing upon his Roman converts the duties of brotherly love, and universal charity, recites almost all the commandments of the second table; and subjoins that comprehensive precept of Moses just now mentioned, which he no doubt considered as inclusive of every evangelical precept, even that of loving our enemies, thou shall love thy neighbor as thyself. St. James calls this very precept, this great social principle, the royal law; James ii. 8. and when he argues against the folly and presumption of a partial obedience to the divine commandments, and a commuting as it were for iniquities, rests his argument wholly in that supreme authority by which the law of Moses was enacted: he that said, do not commit adultery, said also, do not kill. James ii. 11. In short, both our Lord and his Apostles inculcated, and enlarged upon many things of practical importance, as circumstances admitted, and occasions required; but they taught nothing of this kind but what was reducible to the Mosaic institutions, or to some general head of Jewish, or natural morality. I add of natural morality; because the law of nature, the law of Moses, and the law of Christ are, in point of morality, one and the same; the latter illustrating, explaining, enforcing, and recommending the two former, but neither adding to, nor diminishing from them. For the reason or fitness of things is absolutely unalterable; and whatever is in its own nature morally good or evil, has always been so, and will for ever continue so to be. The moral law which was once written upon tables of stone was originally engraved upon the fleshly tables of man's heart. (u) To maintain or to imagine otherwise, is to charge God foolishly; and to suppose both the law and the Gospel to prescribe a practice in some instances unnatural and unreasonable. St. Paul's descriptions of the gross ignorance and depravity of the heathen world are equally animated and just. Romans i. 21, etc. But notwithstanding this, the irradiations of reason and conscience are sometimes beautifully visible amidst this blackness of spiritual darkness. We might extract from the writings of Pagan authors, philosophers and others, of different times, and in different places, a moral system, against which, collectively taken, should lie no fair exception; and produce from them sentiments finely coinciding with the most exalted principles, and most refined doctrines of Christianity. In these writings we find the purest piety, the exactest justice, the truest benevolence, the firmest fortitude, the noblest disinterestedness, and the meekest patience, most explicitly taught, and earnestly inculcated. (w) Tully