themselves, but only of GOD'S Goodness and Kindness to Men, in the Administration of the World. vid. Sect. XXX and XXXI. Fourthly, By a diligent Observation of the Phenomenon within our View, we may discover the general Laws of Nature, and from them deduce the other Phenomenon, I do not say Demonstrate; for all Deductions of that kind, depend on a Supposition that the Author of Nature always operates uniformly, and in a constant observance of those Rules, we take for Principles: Which we cannot evidently know. 108. It appears from Sect. LXVI, etc. that the steady, consistent Methods of Nature, may not unfitly be Styled the Language of its Author, whereby he discovers his Attributes to our View, and directs us how to act for the Convenience and Felicity of Life. And to me, those Men who frame General Rules from the Phenomenon, and afterward derive the Phenomenon from those Rules, seem to be Grammarians, and their Art the Grammar of Nature. Two ways there are of Learning a Language, either by Rule or by Practice: A Man may be well read in the Language of of Nature, without understanding the Grammar of it, or being able to say, by what Rule a Thing is so or so. And as it is very possible to Write Improperly, through too strict an Observance of General Grammar-rules: So in Arguing from General Laws of Nature, it is not impossible we may stretch the Analogy too far, and by that means run into Mistakes. 109. To carry on the resemblance, as in reading other Books, a Wise Man will choose to fix his Thoughts, on the Sense and apply it to Use, rather than lay them out in Grammatical Remarks on the Language; so in perusing the Volume of Nature, methinks it is beneath the Dignity of the Mind, to affect an Exactness, in reducing each particular Phenomenon to general Rules, or show how it follows from them. We should propose to our selves nobler Views, namely to recreate and exalt the Mind, with a prospect of the Beauty, Order, Extent, and Variety of Natural Things: Hence, by proper Inferences, to enlarge our Notions of the Grandeur, Wisdom, and Beneficence of the CREATOR: And lastly, to make the several Parts of the Creation, so far as in us lies, subservient to the Ends they were designed for, GOD'S Glory, and the Sustentation and Comfort of our Selves and Fellow Creatures. 110. The best Grammar of the kind we are speaking of, will be easily acknowleg'd to be a Treatise of Mechanics, demonstrated and applied to Nature, by a Philosopher of a Neighboring Nation whom all the World Admire. I shall not take upon me to make Remarks, on the Performance of that Extraordinary Person: Only some Things he has advanced, so directly opposite to the Doctrine we have hitherto laid down, that we should be wanting, in the regard due to the Authority of so great a Man, did we not take