rivers lays an indisputed claim to his local rights on the Tiber and Clitumnus Hist. de l'Acad. des Belles-Lettres, tom. xii. p. 36. -- Plin. epist. lib. viii. epist. 8. ; but the Southwind that blew yesterday, and that we feel today, are both the same blustering tyrant, that stirs up the mountainous waves of the Adriatic Hor. Carm. lib. iii. Od. 3. -- Neque Auster Dux inquieti turbidus Adriae. . LXIX. Combination of ideas continued. The more the mind exercises its thoughts, the more it combines its ideas. Two species are different in some respects, and alike in others: they are destined to the same use, they are part of the same element. The stream of a fountain becomes a river, the river loses itself in the sea. This sea makes part of a vast ocean of waters, that encompass the whole earth: while the earth itself contains every thing that subsists by the principle of vegetation. In proportion as mankind become enlightened, their idolatry would refine. They would become better able to perceive how the universe is governed by general laws; and would approach nearer the unity of a sole, efficient cause. The Greeks could never generalize their ideas beyond the elements of water, earth and air; which, under the names of Jupiter, Neptune, and Pluto, comprehended and governed all things. But the Egyptians, whose genius was better adapted to abstract speculations, arrived at length to their Osiris It is worth observing, that this Osiris and his sister were said to be the youngest of the deities. It required a great many ages for the Egyptians to arrive at this simplicity. or principal Divinity, an intelligent principle, which operated constantly on the material principle, couched under the name and personage of Isis, his wife and sister. Those who believe in the eternity of matter, can hardly go farther than this The wor^hip of the sun has prevailed in all nations. I (...) give what appear to me the reasons of it. It is (...) the only object in the world that is at once sole and perceptible. Perceptible to all the nations upon earth, in the most brilliant and beneficent manner, it is no wonder it should attract their homage. Sole and indivisible, those who reasoned on the subject, and were not too difficult, discovered in it all the distinguishing marks of divinity. . LXX. The generation and hierarchy of Gods. Jupiter, Neptune, and gristly Pluto were brothers; the branches of whose posterity spread themselves infinitely wide, and comprehended the whole system of nature. Such was the mythology of the ancients. To the ignorant, the idea of (...) was more natural than that (...). It was more easy for them to acquire; and supposed less power exerted in the operation. This generation, however, led them to establish an hierarchy, which these beings, though free yet limited, could not possibly do without. Thus the three principal deities exercised a paternal authority over their children, dispersed in the air, over