in the council of Tiberius. Livy describes to me the abuse of power; a severity that nature shudders at while it approves; the spirit of resentment and patriotism, which constitute that of liberty, and the tyranny which fell before their united efforts Livy, lib. iii. c. 44. -- 60. : but the laws of the decemvir, their character, their failings, their conformity to the genius of the Roman people, to their own party, to their ambitious designs; all these he has entirely forgotten. I do not find it accounted for in him, why the laws, made for the use of a small, poor, and half-civilized republic, should overturn it when the force of their institution had carried it to the highest pitch of greatness. This I should have found in Tacitus; I think so, not only from the known bent of his genius, but from that striking and diversified picture he has given of the laws, those children of corruption, of liberty, of equity, and of faction Tacit. Annal. lib. iii. p. 84. edit. Lips. . LIII. Remarks of an observation of Mr. d'Alembert. An eminent writer, who, like Fontenelle, has united erudition and taste, gives us a piece of advice, which I would by no means have followed. At the close of every century he would have the facts collected, a choice made of a few, and the rest committed to the flames D'Alembert Melanges de Philosophy et de Literature, vol. ii. p. 1. . I enter my protest, however, without fear of incurring the contemptible name of a mere scholar, against the sentence of this enlightened, but severe judge. No, let us carefully preserve every historical fact. A Montesquieu may discover, in the most trivial, connections unknown to the vulgar. Let us in this imitate the botanists. Every plant is not useful in medicine; they proceed, nevertheless, in their search after new ones, in hopes that some happy genius or experiment may discover properties in them hitherto concealed. LIVE. Mankind are either too systematical or too capricious. Uncertainty is a state of constraint. A contracted mind cannot fix itself in that exact equilibrium affected by the school of Pirrho. A bright genius is often dazzled by its own conjecture; and sacrifices its liberty to hypotheses. It is this disposition that is productive of systems. Design has been often observed to govern the actions of a great man; a ruling principle has been perceived in his character; hence theoretical minds have conceived the notion, that mankind in general are as systematical in practice as in speculation. They have pretended to discover art in our passions, policy in our foibles, dissimulation in our caprices; in a word, by their endeavors to enhance the merit of the understanding, they have done little honor to the heart. Justly disgusted at such excessive refinement, and displeased to see those pretensions extended to mankind in general which should be confined to a Philip or a Caesar, others of a more natural turn have run