are the very same with those Cicero called Minute Philosophers, which Name admirably suits them, they being a sort of Sect which diminish all the most valuable things, the thoughts, views, and hopes of Men; all the Knowledge, Notions, and Theories of the Mind they reduce to Sense; Humane Nature they contract and degrade to the narrow low Standard of Animal Life, and assign us only a small pittance of Time instead of Immortality. Alciphron very gravely remarked, That the Gentlemen of his Sect had done no injury to Man, and that if he be a little, short-lived, contemptible Animal, it was not their saying it made him so: And they were no more to blame for whatever defects they discover, than a faithful Glass for making the wrinkles which it only shows. As to what you observe, said he, of those we now call Free-thinkers having been anciently termed Minute Philosophers, it is my opinion this Appellation might be derived from their considering things minutely, and not swallowing them in the gross, as other Men are used to do. Besides, we all know the best Eyes are necessary to discern the minutest Objects: It seems therefore, that Minute Philosophers might have been so called from their distinguished perspicacity. EUPH. O Alciphron! these Minute Philosophers (since that is their true Name) are a sort of Pirates who plunder all that come in their way. I consider my self as a Man left stripped and desolate on a bleak Beach. XI. But who are these profound and learned Men that of late Years have demolished the whole Fabric which Lawgivers, Philosophers and Divines had been erecting for so many Ages? Lysicles hearing these words, smiled, and said he believed Euphranor had figured to himself Philosophers in square caps and long gowns: but, thanks to these happy Times, the Reign of Pedantry was over. Our Philosophers, said he, are of a very different kind from those awkward Students, who think to come at Knowledge by poring on dead Languages, and old Authors, or by sequestring themselves from the Cares of the World to meditate in Solitude and Retirement. They are the best bred Men of the Age, Men who know the World, Men of pleasure, Men of fashion, and fine Gentlemen. EUPH. I have some small notion of the People you mention, but should never have taken them for Philosophers. CRI. Nor would any one else till of late. The World it seems was long under a mistake about the way to Knowledge, thinking it lay through a tedious course of Academical Education and Study. But among the Discoveries of the present Age, one of the principal is the finding out that such a Method does rather retard and obstruct, than promote Knowledge. ALC. Academical Study may be comprised in two points, Reading and Meditation. Their Reading is chiefly employed on ancient Authors in dead Languages: so that a great part of their Time is spent in learning Words; which, when they