his correct Judgment, which is equally severe to Poets and Parsons. The British Muses (says this great Man) lisp as in their Cradles: and their stammering Tongues, which nothing but Youth and Rawness can excuse, have hitherto spoken in wretched Pun and Quibble. Our Dramatic Shakespeare, our Fletcher, Johnson, and our Epique Milton preserve this Style. And, according to him, even our later Authors aiming at a false Sublime, entertain our raw Fancy and unpractised Ear, which has not yet had leisure to form it self, and become truly musical. EUPH. Pray what Effect may the Lessons of this great Man, in whose Eyes our learned Professors are but bearded Boys, and our most celebrated Wits but wretched Punsters, have had upon the Public? Has he rubbed off the College Rust, cured the rudeness and rawness of our Authors, and reduced them to his own Attic Standard? Do they aspire to his true Sublime, or imitate his chaste unaffected Style? ALC. Doubtless the Taste of the Age is much mended: in proof whereof his Writings are universally admired. When our Author published this Treatise, he foresaw the public Taste would improve apace; that Arts and Letters would grow to great perfection; that there would be a happy Birth of Genius: of all which things he spoke, as he says himself, in a prophetic Style. CRI. And yet, notwithstanding the prophetical Predictions of this Critic, I do not find any Science that throve among us of late, so much as the Minute Philosophy. In this kind, it must be confessed, we have had many notable Productions. But whether they are such Masterpieces for good Writing, I leave to be determined by their Readers. XXIII. In the mean time, I must beg to be excused, if I cannot believe your great Man on his bare word; when he would have us think, that Ignorance and ill Taste are owing to the Christian Religion or the Clergy, it being my sincere Opinion, that whatever Learning or Knowledge we have among us, is derived from that Order. If those, who are so sagacious at discovering a Mote in other Eyes, would but purge their own, I believe they might easily see this Truth. For what but Religion could kindle and preserve a Spirit toward Learning, in such a Northern rough People? Greece produced Men of active and subtle Genius. The public Conventions and Aemulations of their Cities forwarded that Genius: And their natural Curiosity was amused and excited by learned Conversations, in their public Walks and Gardens and Porticos. Our Genius leads to Amusements of a grosser kind: we breathe a grosser and a colder Air: and that Curiosity which was general in the Athenians, and the gratifying of which was their chief Recreation, is among our People of Fashion treated like Affectation, and as such banished from polite Assemblies and places of Resort; and without doubt would in a little Time be banished the Country, if it were not for the great Reservoirs