dictated by the Spirit of God: But Books, wherein we find the reverse of all this, it were impious, not, to reject, but, to attribute to the Divinity. EUPH. Say, Alciphron, are the Lakes, the Rivers, or the Ocean bounded by straight Lines? Are the Hills and Mountains exact Cones or Pyramids? or the Stars cast into regular figures? ALC. They are not. EUPH. But in the works of Insects, we may observe figures as exact as if they were drawn by the rule and compass. ALC. We may. EUPH. Should it not seem therefore that a regular exactness, or scrupulous attention to what Men call the rules of art, is not observed in the great productions of the Author of Nature? ALC. It should. EUPH. And when a great Prince declares his Will in Laws and Edicts to his Subjects, is he careful about a pure style or elegant composition? Does he not leave his Secretaries and Clerks to express his sense in their own words? Is not the phrase on such occasions thought proper if it conveys as much as was intended? And would not the divine strain of certain modern Critics be judged affected and improper for such uses? ALC. It must be owned, Laws and Edicts and Grants, for Soloecism and Tautology, are very offensive to the harmonious ears of a fine Writer. EUPH. Why then should we expect in the Oracles of God an exactness, that would be misbecoming and beneath the dignity of an earthly Monarch, and which bears no proportion or resemblance to the magnificent works of the Creation? ALC. But granting that a nice regard to particles and critical rules is a thing too little and mean to be expected in Divine Revelations; and that there is more force and spirit and true greatness in a negligent, unequal style, than in the well-turned periods of a polite writer; Yet what is all this to the bald and flat compositions of those you call the Divine Penmen? I can never be persuaded, the supreme Being would pick out the poorest and meanest of scriblers for his Secretaries. EUPH. O Alciphron, if I durst follow my own judgment, I should be apt to think there are noble beauties in the style of the Holy Scripture: in the narrative parts a strain so simple and unaffected; in the devotional and prophetic, so animated and sublime: and in the doctrinal parts such an air of dignity and authority as seems to speak their original divine. But I shall not enter into a dispute about Taste; much less set up my judgment on so nice a point against that of the wits, and Men of genius, with which your Sect abounds. And I have no temptation to it, inasmuch as it seems to me, the Oracles of God are not the less so for being delivered in a plain dress rather than in the enticing words of Man's wisdom. ALC. This may perhaps be an apology for