their Ideas one to another, are obliged to make use of sensible Signs or Words; the use of which is to raise those Ideas in the Hearer, which are in the Mind of the Speaker: And if they fail of this End they serve to no Purpose. He who really thinks has a train of Ideas succeeding each other and connected in his Mind: And when he expresses himself by Discourse, each Word suggests a distinct Idea to the Hearer or Reader; who by that means has the same train of Ideas in his, which was in the Mind of the Speaker or Writer. As far as this Effect is produced, so far the Discourse is intelligible, has sense and meaning. Hence it follows, that whoever can be supposed to understand what he reads or hears must have a train of Ideas raised in his Mind, correspondent to the train of Words read or heard. These plain Truths, to which Men readily assent in Theory, are but little attended to in Practice, and therefore deserve to be enlarged on and inculcated however obvious and undeniable. Mankind are generally averse from thinking though apt enought to entertain Discourse either in themselves or others: the Effect whereof is, that their Minds are rather stored with Names than Ideas, the husk of Science rather than the thing. And yet these Words without meaning do often make Distinctions of Parties, the Subject matter of their Disputes, and the Object of their Zeal. This is the most general Cause of Error, which does not influence ordinary Minds alone, but even those who pass for acute and learned Philosophers are often employed about Names instead of Things or Ideas, and are supposed to know when they only pronounce hard Words without a meaning. III. Though it is evident that as Knowledge is the Perception of the Connection or Disagreement between Ideas, he who does not distinctly perceive the Ideas marked by the terms, so as to form a mental Proposition answering to the verbal, cannot possibly have Knowledge: No more can he be said to have Opinion or Faith which imply a weaker Assent, but still it must be to a Proposition, the Terms of which are understood as clearly, although the Agreement or Disagreement of the Ideas may not be so evident, as in the case of Knowledge. I say, all degrees of Assent whether founded on Reason or Authority, more or less cogent, are internal Acts of the Mind which alike terminate in Ideas as their proper Object: Without which there can be really no such thing as Knowledge, Faith, or Opinion. We may perhaps raise a Dust and Dispute about Tenets purely verbal; but what is this at bottom more than mere trifling? All which will be easily admitted with respect to Humane Learning and Science; wherein it is an allowed Method to expose any Doctrine or Tenet by stripping them of the Words, and examining what Ideas are underneath, or whether any