they must agree in considering all mankind as united into one great society, under the supreme government of God, and in regarding themselves as members of this system, connected with all the parts of it, employed to promote the order, and enforce the laws of this most ancient and universal polity, by doing their utmost to render all to whom their influence can reach, wise and virtuous and happy. They must totally apostatize from this spirit, before they can form themselves into a faction, eager to establish any separate interest, any interest distinct from that of truth, goodness, and mankind. They must contract a spirit opposite to that which results from the true genius of their calling, before they can concur in giving scope to ambition, pride, or a persecuting spirit. Society can have no reason to be more jealous of their attempts, than of the attempts of any other class of men; for they are not more apt to degenerate from the virtuous spirit of their profession, and to promote faction or persecution, than other men are to become vicious, and to form designs, and to pursue measures, equally destructive of the peace and order of civil government. A peculiar jealousy of the clergy, and a desire to depress them, will always indicate a prevailing corruption of manners, a disaffection to religion, an indifference about the practice of real virtue, and about the eternal happiness of mankind, in the societies or individuals who entertain that jealousy. IT was remarked, in the beginning of this discourse, that the enquiry which we proposed for the subject of it, is of a very practical nature. It suggests important instructions, both to ministers and to the people. 1. EVERY part of the investigation now attempted, forces reflections into our view, which merit the attention of all the ministers of the gospel. It shows us, my reverend fathers and brethren, both the advantages and the difficulties of our situation; both the strong obligations to virtue which we lie under, and the dangerous temptations to vice to which we are exposed. By exhibiting the former it urges us, seeing we have this ministry, not to faint 2 Cor. iv. 1. , till we have attained that blameless holiness which is so strictly incumbent on us. By discovering the latter, it warns us to take heed to ourselves 1 Timothy iv. 16. with the most constant vigilance, lest we be seduced by them. THE office of a Bishop is, indeed, a good, a worthy work Chap. iii. 1. . It has the strongest tendency to adorn the characters of those who exercise it, with universal holiness, the true beauty, the only excellence of the human soul. It gives us the noblest opportunities of saving ourselves, by doing all that we can to promote the salvation of others. The advantages which we enjoy, demand from us the purest and the sublimest virtue. The voice of mankind, the nature of our office, the credit of our religion, call