lessons of PYTHAGORAS, and reduced his maxims into sixed principles. PLATO refined the doctrine of both these philosophers, and carried each virtue to its utmost height and accomplishment; mixing his ideas of the universal principle of philosophy through the whole design. The ancient masonic record [appendix] also says, that masons know the way of gaining an understanding of ABRAC. -- On this word, all commentators (which I have yet read) on the subject of MASONRY, have confessed themselves at a loss. ABRAC, or ABRACAR, was a name which BASILIDES, a religious of the second century, gave to GOD, who he said was the author of three hundred and sixty-five. The author of this superstition, is said to have lived in the time of Adrian, and that it had its name after ABRASAN or ABRAXAS, the denomination which Basilides gave to the Deity. -- He called him the SUPREME GOD, and ascribed to him seven subordinate powers or angels, who presided over the heavens: -- and also according to the number of the days in the year, he held that three hundred and sixty-five virtues, powers, or intelligences, existed as the emanations of God: the value, or numerical distinctions, of the letters in the word, according to the ancient Greek numerals, made 365 -- A 1 3 P 100 A 1 60 A 1 S 200. Amongst antiquaries, ABRAXAS is an antique gem or stone, with the word abraxas engraven on it. -- There are a great many kinds of them, of various figures and sizes, mostly as old as the third century. -- Persons professing the religious principles of Basilides, wore this gem with great veneration, as an amulet; from whose virtues, and the protection of the Deity, to whom it was consecrated, and with whose name it was inscribed, the wearer derived health, prosperity, and safety. The annexed plate is from a drawing taken in the British Museum, of a gem deposited there; is near twice the size of the original, which is engraved on a beril stone, of the form of an egg. The head is in camio, the reverse in taglio. The head is supposed to represent the image of the Creator, under the denomination of Jupiter Ammon: Jupiter Ammon, a name given to the supreme Deity, and who was worshipped under the symbol of the Sun. He was painted with horns, because with the astronomers the sign Aries in the zodiac is the beginning of the year: when the sun enters into the house of Aries, he commences his annual course. Heat, in the Hebrew tongue Hammah, in the prophet Isaiah Hammamin, is given as a name of such images. The error of depicting him with horns, grew from the doubtful signification of the Hebrew word, which at once expresses heat, splendor, or brightness, and also horns. The sun was also worshipped by the house of Judah, under the name of Tamuz, for Tamuz, says Hierom, was Adonis, and Adonis is generally interpreted the sun, from