seems as if they were derived from one origin, varying in some few particulars suitable to the constitutions of the people: and most probably they first sprang from Egyptian tenets and maxims. -- His maxims of morality were admirable, for he was for having the study of philosophy solely tend to elevate man to a resemblance of the Deity. -- He believed that God is a soul diffused through all nature, and that from him human souls are derived: that they are immortal, and that men need only take pains, to purge themselves of their vices, in order to be united to the Deity. -- He made unity the principle of all things, and believed that between God and man there are various orders of spiritual beings, who are the ministers of the supreme will. -- He condemned all images of the Deity, and would have him worshipped with as few ceremonies as possible -- His disciples brought all their goods into a common stock -- contemned the pleasures of sense -- abstained from swearing -- eat nothing that had life -- and believed in the doctrine of a metempsychosis or transmigration of souls. Some eminent writers deny that Pythagoras taught that souls passed into brute animals. Reuchlin, in particular, denies this doctrine, and maintains that the metempsychosis of Pythagoras implied nothing more than a similitude of manners and desires, formerly existing in some person deceased, and now reviving in another alive. PYTHAGORAS is said to have borrowed the notion of metempsychosis from the Egyptians; others say from the ancient Brachmans. LECTURE III. On the Rites, Ceremonies, and Institutions of the Ancients. THE disciples of PYTHAGORAS were divided into two classes; the first were SIMPLE HEARERS, and the LAST such as were allowed to propose their difficulties, and learn the reasons of all that was taught. -- The figurative manner in which he gave his instructions, was borrowed from the Hebrews, Egyptians, and other orientals. If we examine how MORALITY or moral philosophy is defined, we shall find that it is a conformity to those unalterable obligations, which result from the nature of our existence and the necessary relations of life; whether to God as our creator, or to man as our fellow creature; -- or it is the doctrine of virtue, in order to attain the greatest happiness. PYTHAGORAS showed the way to SOCRATES, though his examples were very imperfect, as he deduced his rules of morality from observations of nature; a degree of knowledge which he had acquired in his communion with the priests of Egypt. -- The chief aim of Pythagoras's moral doctrine, was to purge the mind from the impurities of the body, and from the clouds of the imagination. -- His morality seems to have had more purity and piety in it than the other systems, but less exactness; his maxims being only a bare explication of divine worship, of natural honesty, of modesty, integrity, public-spiritedness, and other common offices of life. SOCRATES improved the