can he love God whom he has not seen? Ae. IT were to be wished that they who own the sacred Authority of the Scriptures would apply themselves more to the study of these Books, wherein they will find a great variety of things; some for Speculation, I mean the Exercise of the Understanding, but more for Practice, which is by far the most important. Perhaps Curiosity will sometimes take it ill to be stopped short and put to a nonplus: but Impatience becomes a Reader ill, who has once aknowledged a Writing to be Divine. His Inattention argues disrespect of a different kind, and it cannot well be denied that Folly accompanies both the one and the other. VI. The EQUALITY of Men by Nature. Ae. IT IS a current Maxim, that all Men are born free, equal and independent. L. THE Equality is more easily made out than the other two: for all Men are born helpless, and many ways in subjection. If by Freedom is meant the Liberty of the Mind, there would seem to be little ground for Dispute about that; no man having any power over his Neighbor's Thoughts, farther than he can persuade him either by Reason or Sophistry: for in compliances from Fear or Profit, the opinion stands much as it was. Ae. THE natural Equality therefore should be granted, both as to the Mind and the Body; all Creatures of the same kind are in that respect equal. There are indeed differences of Complexion, Genius, Disposition, and Temper, all which may be called Natural, as appearing very early, and continuing very late; but these differences are only in the particular Constitution of Souls and Bodies, or in the Degrees of certain Qualities, every Man having less or more of the same Quality; as for instance, Pride, Compassion, Hatred, Joy, Curiosity, Penetration, etc. for of every Quality or Power relating to the Affections, the Understanding, or the five Senses, every Man has somewhat. EVERY Man has something in him of the Mathematician, the Mechanic, the Lawyer, the Statesman, the Mountebank; and so of all other Trades or Professions. A Man, no doubt, may mistake his Genius, and enter upon a wrong Trade; but still he may know some little thing of his Business, though as little as you please. XXXI. Mr. Pascal observes, "There is a wide difference between a Genius for the Mathematics, and a Genius for Business or Policy." The French word is Finesse, which is not always taken in a bad sense. He shows at some length the different Principles on which those Professions are founded; and drawing to a conclusion, he says, " Mr. Kennet has taken a good deal of liberty generally in his Translation: the French is, Mais les Esprits faux ne sont jamais ni fins ni geometres. But then it is certain, between both, that a false Genius will neither make a Geometry Professor, nor a Privy Counselor." L. NATURAL Differences are no less remarkable in