designing only to make a few Reflections upon Decency; such a Connection there is between the two; and the different sorts of Ridicule, or the Variety of ridiculous Characters are ready also to come into the Mind: but as such Characters are without number, and are all Trespasses against Decency, many of them are represented every day in Books of Wit and Humor, and even in Books of Divinity; so that the World may be well instructed in the ways of shunning Derision. And indeed all the Authors have reason for touching upon that string, since the Fear of Shame is so prevalent with Men: It Is a thing that stirs very early, for even Nurses endeavor to shame their young ones into good Behavior and Decency, before Reason is awakened in them; and it often has a good Effect, beyond the Threats of whipping. THIS Sense of Shame is often a promising Disposition toward Virtue, and is a very agreeable Delicacy of Spirit. Impudence is Stupidity, it is the want of one kind of Sense, or of something implanted by the Author of Nature in rational Creatures. We see how carefully those Decencies are observed, that relate to the Body, as if there was a Respect due even to it, and Men were conscious of some Advantage in their outward Form: No Nation goes upon all four. The Body is not only covered, but adorned. It Is true, this may infer a Consciousness of Defect, and some natural Disadvantages, which must be granted; but it is the part of Reason to supply and rectify all Disadvantages, so far as it can. We even observe numberless Decencies naturally, without Art and Instruction, from a Sense of what is beautiful as well as of what is unseemly. If we hear sometimes of poor doings, and great Degeneracy in human Nature, it needs give no more surprise than when we see a good Tree illtrain'd, or a piece of Ground overrun with Weeds. It happens on the other hand too often, that external Decencies are minded with an extraordinary Carefulness, when there are horrid Trespasses committed against Virtue. A few Hints or Items well remembered, will save a multitude of Illustrations, that might be made upon this Subject of Decency. What follows is not proposed to have the Authority of Maxims, but is offered only to the Consideration of some Persons who have not much leisure to read large Treatises; and upon a very little attention, a variety of Reflections will spring in their own Minds in a short time. THERE must be a Fund to work upon, in concurrence with good Instruction. MAN naturally loves Virtue and Decency: and when he is deceived, it is under an appearance of something that is good. WE are often led by mere Imitation, and often ruined by it. DECENT, with most People, is but another word for Customary. Hence the interfering of Decency and Virtue. DECENCY in Opinions is more properly Truth: in Inclinations