THE LIFE OF JOHN BUNCLE, Esquire CONTAINING Various OBSERVATIONS and REFLECTIONS, Made in several Parts of the WORLD; AND Many extraordinary RELATIONS. Foelix ille animi, Divisque simillimus ipsis, Quem non mendaci resplendens gloria fuco Sollicitat, non fastosi mala gaudia luxus. Sed tacitos sinit ire dies, et paupere cultu Exigit innocuae tranquilla silentia vitae. VOLUSENUS. LONDON: Printed for J. NOON, at the White Heart in Cheapside, near the Poultry. MDCCLVI. TO THE CRITICS, THIS JOURNAL Is most humbly DEDICATED, BY Their most humble Servant, The AUTHOR. A PREFACE By WAY of DEDICATION. GENTLEMEN, THIS book is not addressed to you, in order to ask your protection for its faults; or in hopes, that such valuable names at the head of it, may preserve it. Things in print must stand by their own worth. But it is offered to you, to let the world see I had that confidence in the goodness of my design in writing it, as to submit it to such great and impartial judges; and that I believe you will report your opinion in such a manner, as to procure me the esteem of the virtuous; when you find that my principal intention in this piece, is to serve the interests of truth, liberty, and religion, and to advance useful learning, to the best of my abilities: -- that I have the happiness of mankind at heart, and attempt, in a historical manner, to increase their knowledge in general; and in particular, to lead them to a pious contemplation and acknowledgment of God's unspeakable wisdom and goodness manifested in the works of the creation; -- show them the truth of the testimony of Jesus Christ concerning a divine providence, immortality, and a future state; and that as virtue advances and improves, human felicity augments, and becomes a sure prognostic of that fullness of bliss, which men of goodness and integrity are to enjoy, without interruption, frailty, and infirmity, in an unchangeable and everlasting life. This was my scheme. These things I had principally in view, when, to vindicate my character from misrepresentation and idle stories, and to illustrate my memoirs of several ladies of Great Britain, I sat down to write a true history of my life and notions. You will see at once, gentlemen, that this is the labored part of my work. Were I able to write so as to persuade even a few to alter their way of living, and employ their time for the future, in forming and training up their moral powers to perfection, I should think myself more fortunate and glorious than the greatest genius in the temple of Fame. Indeed, gentlemen, fame or name, in this world, is not the thing I think of. Non est mortale quod opto, I can say with Lactantius: and were it within my power to choose, sure I am, that I would be for ever unknown. But that was impossible. In justice to myself, as before observed, and that tradition might not hand me down,