be the reverse, there appears an indecent opposition, which revolts our sensibility, and makes us contemn the writer as a miserable impostor. This science of the mind, noticed by Shaftesbury, is not metaphysics, but what has been happily called "the proper study of mankind;" Man acting in society. The philosophic genius excels in the study of the world; he derives this advantage from the obscurity of his situation, the versatility of his mind, and the habit of meditation. Those whose chief occupation is not reflection, limit the knowledge of human nature to the particular society they are accustomed. A courtier, a lawyer, and a merchant, contemplate the human heart, in different lights; but nature is ill understood by those whose capacities are habituated to detect one principle among many. She has no character, but many characters; she is not to be systematized, but to be pursued. The man of genius acts upon more general principles; and makes the human heart his amusement and his occupation. The theater, conducted by such writers, would become a national school; but we must then have fewer pantomimes, and such operas and comedies as we have now, still fewer than pantomimes. The philosophical traveller enters no town but he feels the regards of a citizen, and views no spot of earth on which the same sun does not shine, and the same affections kindle. As he gazes from the Alps, on the regions beneath, his eye suffused with tears of pleasure and humanity, he exclaims, Creation's heir! the world, the world is mine. Goldsmith. CHAP. XIV. Of the political Influence of Authors. OPINION, says Sophocles, is stronger than Truth; Opinion is the sovereign of man; and authors, who are the propagators of her decrees, are some of the most important persons in society, and may be called the ministers of state to Opinion. An author has the singular prerogative of uniting in himself the powers that are portioned among the higher orders of society. This reflection may appear fanciful to those who are destitute of fancy; and extravagant to those who consider paper and pens as the composition of the manufacturer, and who see nothing in them but rags and feathers. An eloquent author, who writes in the immutable language of truth, will one day be superior to every power in the state. His influence is active, though hidden; every truth is an acorn which is laid in the earth, and which often the longer it takes to rise, the more vigorous and magnificent will be it is maturity. What has been long meditated in the silence of the study, will one day refound in the aweful voice of public opinion. The chief magistrate can command; the senator can persuade; the judge can decide; the soldier can conquer. A great author obtains these various purposes at once by his solitary labors. His truths command; his eloquence persuades; his reason decides; and his works inspire a rival nation with a more enduring respect, than even a