them is nothing. There is more ingenuity in unriddling enigmas, and in writing acrostics, than some, who are considered as eminent scholars, exert in their literary labors. It is as rare to find among men of genius, an Erudit, as among Erudits to discover a man of genius. Such are they who study fourteen hours a day, and indefatigably push on their heavy systems throughout life. Schioppius detected 500 blunders in 120 pages of Scaliger; and Holstenius discovered 8000 in Baronius! Madame Dacier affirmed she had read Aristophanes 200 times; and one Berlugerius was so insane a reader of Homer, that he was excommunicated for reading him at church. He at last, with restless impatience, undertook an excursion to the fields of Troy, but is supposed to have lost his way. One cannot but smile at the manner with which one of this venerable fraternity closes his History of the World; "in my second book" (says he) "the world may judge by my reflections and remarks, whether I have discernment and genius." The school of low commentators is admirably depicted, by the terse and lively taste of Armstrong. "The strong-built pedant, who both night and day Feeds on the coarsest fare the schools bestow, And crudely fattens at gross Burman's stall." Many are familiar with the Latin and the Grecian compositions, whom the Latins and the Greeks, full of taste and sensibility, would never have admitted into their society. Men of an elevated fancy, have ever treated these industrious students with great contempt. Hobbes said, that had he read as much as some learned men, he had been as ignorant as them. The singular opinion of Descartes, and his pupil Malebranche, respecting Erudition, is one of their fanciful wanderings. These celebrated metaphysicians assert, that the proper study of man is truth, considered as it relates to himself; that this can only be found in Philosophy, and that history only presents us with trivial or imperfect copies. They conceived more truth to be contained in a moral precept, than in an historical fact; and they, therefore, preferred the cultivation of the understanding, to that of the memory. This erroneous system has, indeed, been opposed; and Bolingbroke observes from an ancient, that "History is Philosophy teaching by Example." The censure of Malebranche will, however, be justly pointed at all histories composed by the mere Erudits. A mass of minute facts may prove the author to be a profound antiquary, but a shallow philosopher; and it may be observed of historical composition, that the philosopher generally begins at those periods where the antiquary concludes. These Erudits are characterised by an enormous passion for collecting books. They were once called Helluones Librorum. But this book-gluttony is without digestion or taste. The following notices of these collectors are curious; the first I find in the Pithaeana, in an explanatory note by Maiseaux. "BIBLIOTAPHE. on appelle Bibliotaphe, ou Tombeau des Livres, celui qui ayant quelque Livre rare et curieux ne le communique a person; mais le