my recreations." We must observe these distinctions, for it frequently happens that a lawyer or a physician, with great industry and love of study, by giving too much into his diversified readings, may utterly neglect what should be his uniform studies. An author is often cruelly mortified to find his work reposing on a harpsichord or a table, with it is virgin pages. Among the mortifications of the elegant Mickle, was this, that the lord to whom he had dedicated his version of the Lusiad, had long the epic in his possession, in the state he had received it. How often also are authors mortified to perceive, that generally the first volume of their work is ever fouler than it is brother! It is, therefore, an advantage to compose in single volumes; for then they flatter themselves, a second would be acceptable; but most books are more read for curiosity, than for pleasure; and are often looked into, but rarely resumed. Authors are vain, but readers are capricious. Readers may be classed into an infinite number of divisions; but an author is a solitary being, who, for the same reason he pleases one, must consequently displease another. To have too exalted a genius, is more prejudicial for his celebrity, than to have a moderate one; for we shall find that the most popular works, are not of the highest value, but of the greatest usefulness. I could mention some esteemed writers, whose works have attained to a great number of editions, but whose minds were never yet inflamed by an accidental fervor of original genius. They instruct those who require instruction, and they please those, who are yet sufficiently ignorant to discover a novelty in their strictures; in a word they form taste, rather than impart genius. A Carlo Marat, is a Raphael to those who have not studied a Raphael. They may apply to themselves the same observation Lucilius, the satirist, has made, that he did not write for Persius, for Scipio, and for Rutilius, persons eminent for their science, but for the Tarentines, the Consentines, and the Sicilians. Montaigne has complained that he found his readers too learned, or too ignorant, and that he could only please a middle class, who have just learning enough to comprehend him. Congreve says, "there is in true beauty, something which vulgar souls cannot admire." And, we may add, there is something in exquisite composition, which ordinary readers can never understand. Some will only read old books, as if there were no valuable truths to be discovered in modern publications, while others will only read new books, as if some valuable truths are not among the old. Some will not read a book, because they are acquainted with the author; by which the reader may be more injured than the author; others not only read the book, but would also read the man; by which the most ingenious author may be injured by the most impertinent reader. ON POETICAL EXPRESSION. ONE of