Nations, varies as little from the other, as any Classic Author in less Tract of Time has disagreed from itself, by the unavoidable Mistakes of so many Transcribers." See Phil. Lipsiens. . THIS being the real State of the Case; let us now consider the noble Writer's Questions. He asks, whether by Scripture be understood "the apocryphal or more canonical? the full or half-authorized? the doubtful or the certain? the controverted or uncontroverted?" These Questions are nearly synonymous, and one short Reply will clear them all. There are many Books, concerning which there never was any Doubt. There are some, concerning which the Doubts have been fully cleared up. There are others, concerning which the Doubts have been confirmed. Of the first Kind are all the Gospels, and most of the Epistles: Of the second, are the Epistle to the Hebrews, the second of Peter, second and third of John, that of Jude, and the Apocalypse: Of the third Kind, are the apocryphal Books; therefore indeed so called. THE noble Author goes on. "The single read, or that of various Reading?" My Lord, if by single read you mean a Book in which there are no various Readings, there are none single read: Nor, probably, was there ever any Book single read, that went through more than one Edition: at least, before the Invention of Printing. And as the Scriptures were oftener transcribed than any other Book, so, a greater Variety of of Readings must naturally take Place. But I must inform your Lordship, from the learned PHILELEUTHERUS LIPSIENSIS, that this is the most illiterate of all Cavils: For that in Fact, we have the Sense of those ancient Authors most entire, where the various Readings are most numerous: As, of those Authors where the Varieties are fewest, the Sense is most mutilated or obscure For a full View of this Argument, See Phil. Lipsiens. . But if by single read, your Lordship means an authentic Text collected and composed out of the various Readings, I beg leave to inform you, there is no such in the Protestant Churches. They have been too modest to attempt any such Thing. Nor does the Truth suffer by it: For as the learned Critic, just before quoted, observes, the most faulty Copy of the new Testament now in being, does not obscure one moral Doctrine or one Article of Faith. AGAIN the noble Writer goes on, in a Profusion of synonymous Terms: "The Transcripts, Copies, Titles, Catalogues, of this Church or that? of this Sect or Party, or another? of those in one Age called orthodox, or those who in another Age overthrew them?" What unexperienced Person would not imagine from hence, that different Churches, Sects, or Parties, had each of them a Bible different from the rest? Yet it is certain, that however these Parties differed in Opinions, we find from their Writings now subsisting, that they all appealed to one common Scripture for their Support. THE noble Writer takes his Leave