are so many trophies raised on a triumphal column. I totally exclude from these speculations two kinds of writers. Those who disgrace letters and humanity by an abject devotion to their private interests, and who like Atalanta, for the sake of the apples of gold, lose the glory of the race; and those who intrude on the public notice without adequate talents, whose vanity listens to a few encomiasts whose politeness is greater than their discernment, or who applaud loudly and censure in whispers. If we enquire into the character of an author, we find that every class of men entertains a different notion of his occupations. We perceive also that the literary world are divided into parties; and that they are mutually unjust. Few are capable of honoring this character; individuals err from various motives; the public only are enlightened and just. The importance of an author in society, is yet so little known, that it is rarely apparent even to authors themselves. The fashionable circle conceive an author must be an amusing companion; they consider his presence, like the other ornaments of their tables. It implies that they are persons of taste. The busy part of mankind suppose an author to be a trader; and are only astonished to observe men persevere in an occupation so unprofitable. The statesman only regards a philosophical writer as a man of dangerous speculations, who, if left in security, is daring, if attacked by persecution, is intrepid. One who makes him tremble in the darkness of his most secret councils. The man of science regards his productions with contempt, and at the most favorable view only as so many amusing futilities. He marks his superior success with a jealous eye; and complains of a frivolous public. A geometrician can draw no deductions, and sees nothing proved, by the finest verses of a poet; an antiquary marvels that an elegant historian should be preferred to a chronologer; and a metaphysician wonders at the delight communicated by faithful representations of human life, written by one whom he thinks incapable of comprehending a page of Lock. It will surprise the young and virtuous reader, when I must also add that the character is sometimes considered as a kind of disgrace. To excel in those accomplishments which enlighten or amuse a polished people, has ceased to be a merit with some, because of the numerous claimants for this honor. But it is with authors as with those military fops who frequent the theaters, and assume with their cockade, the title of captain. Enquire, and you find that the obstreperous gentleman has been only an ensign for a week, and often that he has no claims at all to the borrowed cockade. Thus with authors, if the pretenders are discerned, and the ranks distinguished, a man will reduce the number to a very inconsiderable portion of a numerous acquaintance. Every one who prints a book is not an author; publication is the test of literature, and there