unless its waters are turned into proper channels, will soon burst its banks, or be dispersed in imperceptible exhalations. 'In the Harleian library, which I have purchased, are treasured a greater number of pamphlets and small treatises, than were perhaps ever yet seen in one place; productions of the writers of all parties, and of every age, from the reformation; collected with an unbounded and unwearied curiosity, without exclusion of any subject. 'So great is the variety, that it has been no small labor to peruse the titles, in order to reduce them to a rude division, and range their heaps under general heads; of which the number, though not yet increased by the subdivision which an accurate survey will necessarily produce, cannot but excite the curiosity of all the studious, as there is scarcely any part of knowledge which some of these articles do not comprehend. [Then follows an enumeration of articles to the amount of more than an hundred and fifty, which it is needless here to insert.] 'As many of these tracts must be obscure by length of time, or defective for want of those discoveries which have been made since they were written, there will be added some historical, explanatory, or supplemental notes, in which the occasion of the treatise will be shown, or an account given of the author, allusions to forgotten facts will be illustrated, or the subject farther elucidated from other writers.' We may well conclude that the proposal met with all due encouragement, as the pieces recommended in it were in the year 1749, published in eight quarto volumes. To the first of them was prefixed, as an introduction, an essay on the origin and importance of small tracts and fugitive pieces. Osborne was an opulent tradesman, as may be judged from his ability to make so large a purchase as that abovementioned; he was used to boast that he was worth forty thousand pounds, but of booksellers he was one of the most ignorant: of title-pages or editions he had no knowledge or remembrance, but in all the tricks and arts of his trade he was most expert. Johnson, in his life of Pope says, that he was entirely destitute of shame, without sense of any disgrace, but that of poverty. He purchased a number of unsold copies of Mr. Pope's Iliad, of the folio size, printed on an inferior paper and without cuts, and cutting off the top and bottom margins, which were very large, had the impudence to call them the subscription books, and to vend them as such See a note on the Dunciad, Book ii. verse 167, in the later editions. . His insolence to his customers was also frequently past bearing. If one came for a book in his catalogue, he would endeavor to force on him some new publication of his own, and, if he refused, would affront him. I mention the above particulars of this worthless fellow as an introduction to a fact respecting