Manifestation, Proof, or Revelation of the DEITY. AS this seems to be the true Light, in which the Evidence arising from the Scripture-Miracles ought to be placed, it may be proper now to add a few Observations on what has been offered on this Subject, both by the Defenders and the Adversaries of Christianity. I. AS to the Degree of Proof or Evidence arising from a single Miracle in Support of any particular Doctrine; whatever Force it may carry, it is a Point, which we are by no Means at present concerned to determine: Because, as we have seen, in the Progress of the Christian Dispensation, there is a vast Series or Chain, all uniting in one common End. It might be considered, in the same Manner, by those who write in Proof of the Being of a God, "What Evidence of his Being would arise from a single Vegetable or Animal, unconnected with the rest of the Creation." But however satisfying a single Fact of this Kind may be to impartial Minds, it were surely weak to argue on this Foundation only, while we can appeal to that mighty Union of Design which appears in the Works of Nature. It should therefore seem, that the Defenders of Christianity have generally set this Evidence in too detached and particular a Light: For though the Proof arising from a single Miracle, in Support of a particular Doctrine may be of sufficient Force to convince an equitable Mind; yet sure, it is infinitely stronger and more satisfactory, if we view at once the whole Chain of Miracles, by which the great Scheme of Christianity was propagated, as one vast Object: Because in this View, we discover innumerable Circumstances of mutual Relation and Agreement, similar to those which are Proofs of final Causes in the natural World: In a Word, we discover that Union of Design, that Concurrence of infinite Goodness, Wisdom, and Power, which is the sure Indication of the Divinity. II. IF in a Dispensation thus proved to be from God by all these concurring Signatures of Divinity, any incidental Circumstances should be found, which are unaccountable to human Reason; it is the Part of human Reason to acquiesce in this mysterious and unknown Part, from what is clear and known. Because in a System or Dispensation planned by infinite Wisdom, there must of Necessity be something which finite Wisdom cannot comprehend. This the noble Writer allows with Regard to the Works of Nature. "If, says he, in this mighty Union, there be such Relations of Parts one to another as are not easily discovered; if on this Account, the End and Use of Things does not every where appear, there is no Wonder; since it is indeed no more than what must happen of Necessity. Nor could supreme Wisdom have otherwise ordered it. For in an Infinity of things thus relative, a Mind which sees not infinitely, can see nothing fully Moralists, P. ii. 4. ." III. HENCE therefore may