graceful Variety, must unite the whole into Harmony, as the Painters express themselves, when they give the last finishing Hand to their coloring, and throw that general Glow upon their Piece, which at the first Glance strikes the intelligent Spectator. But the Truth of it is, the Traces of a Mind, which can think with Cl^arness and Vigor upon any Subject, and pursue a Series of Ideas, one emerging from another, and tending gradually to form an entire whole, are so seldom discovered, that there is Reason to think it an Accomplishment unattainable, without the most assiduous Efforts of Study, and many Moments of Care and Anxiety. An honest and fair Fame is among the Instigations, which incite an Author to undergo all this mental Fatigue; but even that very Inducement is of so unstable a Nature, the Acquisition of it so uncertain, and the Tenure so precarious, that I believe, what at first looked so inviting to the Imagination, becomes at length the Writer's greatest Torment. Add to this, the great Hardship of pleasing that Multiplicity of Appetites, with which Mankind abound, and the still greater Difficulty, which every Man of Genius experiences, to please his own private Taste. Mr. Pope tells us, in the general Preface to his Works, that he never wrote up to his own Ideas of Poetry; and Boileau, who is second to no Man for sound Sense and Judgment, observes, that an Author of Elevation in his Conceptions, is continually discontented with his Performances, is pleasing to all the World, except himself, and, while his Wit is every where admired, that, for his own inward Quiet, he sincerely wishes he had never dipped his Pen in Ink. Mais un Esprit sublime, en vain veut s'elever Ace Degree par fait qu'il tache de trouver; Et toujours mecontent de ce qu'il vient de fair, Il plait a tout le Monde, et ne sauroit se plaire; Et tell don't en tous Lieux Chacun vante Esprit, Voudroit; pour son Repos, n'avoir jamais ecrit. I have been led into this Tract of Thought by a Review of my own Sensations, ever since I undertook the anxious Character of a public Writer, which I have now sustained for the Space of two Years, and having swelled these Essays to a sufficient Number, I purpose next Saturday finally to take Leave of my Readers. In doing this, I must own, that I perform a kind of Self-denial, as I shall then break off an habitual Intercourse with the Public, from which I have occasionally deduced a very sensible Pleasure, as I have experienced that these Papers, such as they are, have, from Time to Time, conduced to the Entertainment of the Town. On this Account I shall abdicate with Reluctance; but the Line, which I have quoted in my Motto from Horace, has for a long Time stared me in the Face. The Shame does not lie, says he, in playing the Fool, but in not discontinuing it, in the Justice