Gentleman and I have been reading your Dialogue between YOU and YOURSELF, and he admires your SOUL, but I could not help repeating with your Namesake in the Play, I take the BODY, you the MIND; Which has the better Bargain? Harriet Lively. Bedford Coffee-house, April 27. The Tragedy of Creusa, Queen of Athens, written by Mr. William Whitehead, Author of the Roman Father, and acted at Drury Lane for the first Time on Saturday last, has been the Subject of Enquiry here for some Evenings past; and it is agreed, even by the Malevoli, that the Story is interesting and well conducted, the fourth Act particularly fine, and the Whole put out of Hand with those neat Finishings, which appear all through this Author's elegant Performances. Sam's Change-Alley. Yesterday at Noon it was currently reported, that Doctor Hill had got ONE Subscriber to his Book on God and Nature; But we can now assure the Public, that the said Report is without Foundation. -- NUMB. 81. GRAY's-INN, Saturday, May 4, 1754. Prorsus jucunde Caenam produximus illam. HOR. Nil admirari prope res est sola, Namuci, Solaque quae possit facere and servare beatum. HOR. NOT to admire, is the golden Rule, established by Horace, for the Acquirement of inward Peace and Happiness, and also for securing the Tenure of them, when once obtained. The same Precept may also be enforced as the surest Method to form a sound Understanding, and to preserve the Judgment free and undistempered. Mr. Pope, in his Essay on Criticism, a Poem, in which good Sense and Poetry are beautifully combined, has given this Observation the Sanction of a Maxim; For Fools ADMIRE, but Men of Sense APPROVE. In our greener Years indeed, when the young Affections are, to use the Poet's Phrase, tremblingly alive all over, when every Object presents itself in some new and striking Attitude, fond ADIMRATION may be then allowed to gaze, and each Incident in the Scene of Life may call forth the juvenile Expressions of Wonder and Astonishment. But surely, when we become somewhat hackneyed in the Ways of Men, when Habit has coated over that Quickness of Sensation, which attends the raw and inexperienced Mind, the elevated Brow of Amazement may be expected to subside to the sober Cast of Reflection and Knowledge. I am at present acquainted with a Gentleman, who has made so many sensible Animadversions on the various Occurrences of Life, that, I am convinced, nothing can arrive to excite in his Breast any Emotions of Surprise, and I have often heard him say very humorously, Lord! I have already known so many unexpected Turns and Revolutions of Things, that were I to see the MONUMENT walk down Cheapside, and take out St. Paul's Church to dance a Minuet, it would make no Manner of Impression on my Spirits, no more than when I read that it will be High Water at London Bridge, at half past Ten. But in the general Mass of Life, there is