remark on the two methods surprised me very much, and especially as it was made by a young lady. I had not then a notion of the difference, and had been taught by my master to proceed on the principles of the Differential Calculus. This made me request an explication of the matter, and Maria went on in the following manner. Magnitudes, as made up of an infinite number of very small constituent parts put together, are the work of the Differential Calculus; but by the fluxionary method, we are taught to consider magnitudes as generated by motion. A described line in this way, is not generated by an apposition of points, or differentials, but by the motion or flux of a point; and the velocity of the generating point in the first moment of its formation, or generation, is called its fluxion. In forming magnitudes after the differential way, we conceive them as made up of an infinite number of small constituent parts, so disposed as to produce a magnitude of a given form; that these parts are to each other as the magnitudes of which they are differentials; and that one infinitely small part, or differential, must be infinitely great, with respect to another other differential, or infinitely small part: but by fluxion, or the law of flowing, we determine the proportion of magnitudes one to another, from the celerities of the motions by which they are generated. This most certainly is the purest abstracted way of reasoning. Our considering the different degrees of magnitude, as arising from an increasing series of mutations of velocity, is much more simple, and less perplexed than the other way; and the operations founded on fluxions, must be much more clear, accurate, and convincing, than those that are founded on the Differential Calculus. There is a great difference in operations, when quantities are rejected, because they really vanish; -- and when they are rejected, because they are infinitely small: the latter method, which is the differential, must leave the mind in ambiguity and confusion, and cannot in many cases come up to the truth. It is a very great error then to call differentials, fluxions, and quite wrong to begin with the differential method, in order to learn the law or manner of flowing. With amazement I heard his discourse, and requested to know by what master, and what method, she obtained these notions; for they were far beyond every thing on the subject that I had ever met with. What she said concerning the nature and idea of fluxions, I though just and beautiful, and I believe it was in her power, to show the bases on which they are erected. An account of Martin Murdoch. My master, Sir, ( Maria answered) was a poor traveller, a Scotchman, one Martin Murdoch, who came by accident to my father's house, to ask relief, when I was about fifteen years old. He told us, he was the son of one* of the ministers