can be, whether by our unassisted Senses, or the Help of Telescopical Glasses; the Assistance of Microscopes, in the smallest Parts of Matter, will go on to discover as many new Wonders, as those which have already been made known to us. New Kingdoms of Animals; new Architecture, and Curiosity of Workmanship, and Economy. So that as, before, our Conception fainted, in those boundless Journeys we were obliged to take through the expansive Vastness of the Universe; here, on the other Hand, we tire ourselves with fruitless Researches into the Principles and constituent Parts of it. Both the Beginnings and the End of Things, the Least and the Greatest, all conspire to perplex us: And which every way we prosecute our Inquiries, we still fall in with fresh Subjects of Amazement, and fresh Reasons to believe, that there are more and more behind, that will for ever escape our eagerest and most successful Penetration. We have Philosophy, indeed, but, the Misfortune is, it dwells but in the Surface of Nature. -- IT appears, then, plainly enough, in the Parts and Model of the World, that there is a Contrivance, and a Respect to certain Reasons, and Ends. Why else is the Sun posited near the Middle of our System; but for the more convenient dispensing of his Influence to the Planets, moving about him? Why else does the Plan of the Earth's Equator, intersect that of her Orbit, and make a proper Angle with it, but in order to diversify the Year, and create a useful Variety of Seasons. Many other Things of this kind, though a thousand Times repeated, will be always delightful Observations to good Men and true Scholars: None of whom can observe those Vapors which ascend from the Sea, to meet in Clouds above, and fall back again, after Condensation, without understanding the Purpose of this providential Distillation to be a Division of the Water from its grosser Salts, that, by Rains, and Dews, it may return upon and supply the Fountains, and refreshing Rivers, nourishing the Vegetables by Showers, which therefore descend not in Cataracts, but kindly Drops, as from a Waterpot, upon a Garden! WHO can view the Structure of a Plant or an Animal; the indefinite Number of their Fibers, and fine Vessels, their Dependence upon larger, and the several Members upon them, and the apt Disposition of all these; the Provision that is made for Reception and Distribution of Nourishment; the Effect of this Nourishment, in Extension of the Vessels, stretching the Vegetable, or Animal, gradually, to its full and determinate Growth; maintaining the Motion of the several Fluids, repairing the Decays of the Body; and comforting and preserving Life? Who can take Notice of the various Faculties of Animals, their Arts of saving, and providing for themselves, or the Means by which they are provided for; the Uses of Plants to Animals, and of some Animals to others, and of the Generality of them to Mankind; the Propagation of the several