the Author of the PLAIN DEALER. SIR, THE astonishing Structure, the immense, but beautiful, Extent, and Order of Creation, demand, not the Notice only, but, the Veneration of every reasonable Being. No less than infinite Wisdom could conceive the Plan; nor less than Almighty Power erect the Fabric! Our Sight is struck with Amazement, when we look but upon a stately Building, the mere Effect of Human Invention; And, yet, (to the Shame of our Stupidity be it spoken) we can consider the Earth, we live on, with Indifference; -- we can walk under the Lamps of Heaven, without being enlightened by the smallest Glimmering of Divine Reflection! nor (to many) do they argue any thing greater than Chance, which, in other Words, is Nothing. YET, certainly, no Knowledge can be so delightful, to the Soul, as This, which is, at the same Time, the noblest, and most useful, that can busy us, in our short Pilgrimage through the Body. Nay, The excellent Mr. Ray has very pleasingly imagined, that it may be Part of our Business and Employment, to all Eternity, to discover still, deeper and deeper, into the unfathomable Works of God; and contemplate the Glory of his Wisdom, Power, and Goodness. I AM sensible, You concur with me, that the Honor due to God, should excite the noblest of our Thoughts, and Actions; because You have endeavored to make our Lives, in their good Purposes, and their Luster, resemble the Celestial Bodies; and move, for their own, and for other's Benefit. And since you have not refused to exert your Genius toward refining, enlarging, and advancing, our Ideas of Divine Greatness: So, doubtless, you will oblige your Readers, in the Sequel of this Letter, with a Trace of Reflections, for which we are indebted to the Author of that excellent Discourse, The Religion of Nature Delineated. I am, SIR, Your Humble Servant, PHILOTHEUS. WHAT a vast Field for Contemplation is opened in those Regions of Matter, about us, in which there is not the least Particle, but carries with it an Argument of God's Existence; not the smallest Trifle but shows it; nor the slightest Motion produced, the softest Whisper of the Air, but tells it. -- The Frame and Constitution of the World, the astonishing Magnificence of it, the various Kinds of Beings, and the Constancy observed in the Productions of Things, and the Uses for which they are produced, do all show, that there is some Almighty Designer at the Top of all these Things: Such Marks they bear of his Power, and Wisdom. IN order to prove, to any Doubter, the the Grandeur of this Fabric, we need only bid him consider the Sun, with that insupportable Glory that surrounds it: The vast Distance, Magnitude, and Heat of it! The Planets periodically moving in their several Orbits, about it, with all their Regular Variety of Aspects, guarded, some of them, by secondary Planets, and, as it were, emulating the State of the Sun; and,