a great variety of the first and most important particulars, are essentially different. The reasonings of Hume, on all those popular and constitutional questions which have been lately so repeatedly and so tenaciously debated in the British senate, like his History, may be considered as a most ingenious and elegant apology for prerogative. His uncommon talents are perpetually occupied, and not without success, in relaxing the general attachments of mankind to the important blessings of liberty, in reconciling them to every possible modification of government, in suppressing their sentiments of independence, and in suggesting new arguments for submission and obedience. The opinions of Bolingbroke are not only more open and decided, but uniformly on the side of freedom and the rights of the subject, as settled at the Revolution. On this delicate and interesting subject his productions are to this day without a parallel. Politics seem his own peculiar province, in which, notwithstanding his numerous compeers, he still reigns unrivalled. His Dissertation on Parties, and Idea of a Patriot King, are more replete than any thing else in the language with a series of observations and reasonings concerning the distinct privileges of prince and people, equally pertinent, original, and persuasive. No where the dupe of those chimerical illusions and conjectures which confound the shallow, and amuse the speculative, the general principles on which his particular conclusions are built, have all a sold and permanent foundation in fact, and the nature of things. His sole and exclusive aim is to graft the theory of the British constitution on ancient usage, and to reduce it to present practice. This system, so lately and ably revived by his Grace the Duke of Richmond, is an obvious improvement by our noble author on that which chiefly produced the Revolution. As it does honor to his genius, it could not have found a better advocate. He evidently writes from the heart, and, whatever he says, affects his readers with a forcible emphasis and propriety. His conceptions, always formed with judgment and taste, are every where delivered with earnestness and energy. The dignified manner in which he reprobates all those selfish and accommodating principles, or maxims, which keep most public men in an infamous kind of equiposse between honor and interest, peculiarly becomes him. It is the genuine, but indignant, language of virtue, spurn^ng the insidious approaches of vice under the most qualified and deceitful appearances. In one word, he treats the whole science of government as proceeding regularly, only when actuated by the great master-springs of right and wrong. This is the key-stone or first principle of all his politics; and to this, not, like Hume, to the manners of the age, and the depravity of human nature, he directed all his arguments, and made all his appeals. In the following selection, an equal attention is paid to the morals of Hume and the politics of Bolingbroke. We have enough in all conscience of that sophistry and re^inement in which the last was so great