such circumstances as fill the mind with great and awful ideas. This is very happily done by Virgil, in the following passage: Ipse Pater, media nimborum in nocte, corusca Fulmina molitur dextra; quo maxima motu Terra tremit; fugere ferae; and mortalia corda, Per gentes humilis stravit pavor: Ille, flagranti Aut Atho, aut Rhodopen, aut alta Ceraunia telo Dejicit The Father of the Gods his glory shrouds, Involved in tempests, and a night of clouds; And from the middle darkness flashing out, By fits he deals his fiery bolts about. Earth feels the motions of her angry God, Her intrails tremble, and her mountains nod, And flying beasts in forests seek abode. Deep horror seizes every human breast; Their pride is humbled, and their fears confessed; While he, from high his rolling thunders throws, And fires the mountains with repeated blows; The rocks are from their old foundations rent; The winds redouble, and the rain augment. DRYDEN. . -- GEORG. I. EVERY circumstance in this noble description is the production of an imagination heated and astonished with the grandeur of the object. If there be any defect, it is in the words immediately following those I have quoted; "Ingeminant Austri, et densissimus imber;" where the transition is made too hastily, I am afraid, from the preceding Sublime images, to a thick shower, and the blowing of the south wind; and shows how difficult it frequently is, to descend with grace, without seeming to fall. THE high importance of the rule which I have been now giving, concerning the proper choice of circumstances, when description is meant to be Sublime, seems to me not to have been sufficiently attended to. It has, however, such a foundation in nature, as renders the least deflexion from it fatal. When a writer is aiming at the beautiful only, his descriptions may have improprieties in them, and yet be beautiful still. Some trivial, or misjudged circumstances, can be overlooked by the reader; they make only the difference of more or less; the gay, or pleasing emotion, which he has raised, subsists still. But the case is quite different with the Sublime. There, one trifling circumstance, one mean idea, is sufficient to destroy the whole charm. This is owing to the nature of the emotion aimed at by Sublime description, which admits of no mediocrity, and cannot subsist in a middle state; but must either highly transport us, or, if unsuccessful in the execution, leave us greatly disgusted, and displeased. We attempt to rise along with the writer; the imagination is awakened, and put upon the stretch; but it requires to be supported; and if, in the midst of its effort, you desert it unexpectedly, down it comes with a painful shock. When Milton, in his battle of the angels, describes them as tearing up the mountains, and throwing them at one another; there are, in his description, as Mr. Addison has observed, no circumstances but what are properly Sublime: From their foundations loos'ning to and fro,