darkness, solitude, and silence. What are the scenes of nature that elevate the mind in the highest degree, and produce the sublime sensation? Not the gay landscape, the flowery field, or the flourishing city; but the hoary mountain, and the solitary lake; the aged forest, and the torrent falling over the rock. Hence too, night-scenes are commonly the most sublime. The firmament when filled with stars, scattered in such vast numbers, and with such magnificent profusion, strikes the imagination with a more awful grandeur, than when we view it enlightened by all the splendor of the Sun. The deep sound of a great bell, or the striking of a great clock, are at any time grand; but, when heard amid the silence and stillness of the night, they become doubly so. Darkness is very commonly applied for adding sublimity to all our ideas of the Deity. "He makes darkness his pavilion; he dwells in the thick cloud." So Milton -- How often, amidst Thick clouds and dark, does Heavens all-ruling Sire Choose to reside, his glory unobscured, And, with the Majesty of darkness, round Circles his throne -- BOOK II. 263. Observe, with how much art Virgil has introduced all those ideas of silence, vacuity, and darkness, when he is going to introduce his Hero to the infernal regions, and to disclose the secrets of the great deep. Dii quibus imperium est animarum, umbraeque silentes, Et Chaos, et Phlegethon, loca nocte silentia late, Sit mihi fas audita loqui; sit numine vestro Pandere res alta terra, and caligine mersas. Ibant obscuri, sola sub nocte, per umbram, Perque domos Ditis vacuos, et inania regna; Quale per incertam lunam, sub luce maligna Est iter in sylvis -- Ye subterranean Gods, whose awful sway The gliding ghosts and silent shades obey; O Chaos, hear! and Phlegethon profound! Whose solemn empire stretches wide around! Give me, ye great tremendous powers! to tell Of scenes and wonders in the depths of Hell; Give me your mighty secrets to display, From those black realms of darkness to the day. PIT. Obscure they went; through dreary shades, that led Along the waste dominions of the dead; As wander travelers in woods by night, By the moon's doubtful and malignant light. DRYDEN. . These passages I quote at present, not so much as instances of Sublime Writing, though in themselves they truly are so, as to show, by the effect of them, that the objects which they present to us, belong to the class of sublime ones. OBSCURITY, we are farther to remark, is not unfavourable to the Sublime. Though it render the object indistinct, the impression, however, may be great; for, as an ingenious Author has well observed, it is one thing to make an idea clear, and another to make it affecting to the imagination; and the imagination may be strongly affected; and, in fact, often is so, by objects of which we have no clear conception. Thus we see, that almost all the descriptions given us