genius of the river Ganges appearing to Emanuel, King of Portugal, in a dream, inviting that Prince to discover his secret springs, and acquainting him, that he was the destined monarch for whom the treasures of the East were reserved, is a happy idea. But the noblest conception of this sort, is in the Fifth Canto, where Vasco is recounting to the King of Melinda, all the wonders which he met with in his navigation. He tells him, that when the fleet arrived at the Cape of Good Hope, which never before had been doubled by any navigator, there appeared to them, on a sudden, a huge and monstrous fantom rising out of the sea, in the midst of tempests and thunders, with a head that reached the clouds, and a countenance that filled them with terror. This was the genius, or guardian, of that hitherto unknown ocean. It spoke to them with a voice like thunder; menaced them, for invading those seas which he had so long possessed undisturbed; and for daring to explore those secrets of the deep, which never had been revealed to the eye of mortals; required them to proceed no farther; if they should proceed, foretold all the successive calamities that were to befall them; and then, with a mighty noise, disappeared. This is one of the most solemn and striking pieces of machinery that ever was employed; and is sufficient to show that Camoens is a Poet, though of an irregular, yet of a bold and lofty imagination I have made no mention of the Araucana, an Epic Poem, in Spanish, composed by Alonzo d'Ercilla, because I am unacquainted with the original language, and have not seen any translation of it. A full account of it is given by Mr. Hayley, in the Notes upon his Essay on Epic Poetry. . IN reviewing the Epic Poets, it were unjust to make no mention of the amiable Author of the Adventures of Telemachus. His work, though not composed in verse, is justly entitled to be held a Poem. The measured poetical Prose, in which it was written, is remarkably harmonious; and gives the Style nearly as much elevation as the French language is capable of supporting, even in regular Verse. THE plan of the work is, in general, well contrived; and is deficient neither in Epic grandeur, nor unity of object. The Author has entered with much felicity into the spirit and ideas of the Ancient Poets, particularly into the Ancient Mythology, which retains more dignity, and makes a better figure in his hands, than in those of any other Modern Poet. His descriptions are rich and beautiful; especially of the softer and calmer scenes, for which the genius of Fenelon was best suited; such as the incidents of pastoral life, the pleasures of virtue, or a country flourishing in peace. There is an inimitable sweetness and tenderness in several of the pictures of this kind, which he has given. THE best executed part of