inimitably fine Poems, are as exquisite as can be conceived. They are, indeed, the storehouse whence many succeeding Poets have enriched their descriptions of similar subjects; and they alone are sufficient for illustrating the observations which I made, concerning the proper selection of circumstances in Descriptive Writing. Take, for instance, the following passage from the Penseroso: -- I walk unseen On the dry, smooth-shaven green, To behold the wandering moon, Riding near her highest noon; And often, as if her head she bowed, Stooping through a fleecy cloud. Often, on a plat of rising ground, I hear the far off curfew sound, Over some wide watered shore, Swinging slow with solemn roar: Or, if the air will not permit, Some still removed place will fit, Where glowing embers through the room Teach light to counterfeit a gloom; Far from all resort of mirth, Save the cricket on the hearth, Or the belman's drowsy charm, To bless the doors from nightly harm; Or let my lamp, at midnight hour, Be seen, in some high lonely tower, Exploring Plato, to unfold What worlds, or what vast regions hold The immortal mind, that has forsook Her mansion in this fleshly nook; And of these Demons that are found In fire, air, flood, or underground. HERE, there are no unmeaning general expressions; all is particular; all is Picturesque; nothing forced or exaggerated; but a simple Style, and a collection of strong expressive images, which are all of one class, and recall a number of similar ideas of the melancholy kind: particularly, the walk by moonlight; the sound of the curfew bell heard distant; the dying embers in the chamber; the Bellman's call; and the lamp seen at midnight, in the high lonely tower. We may observe, too, the conciseness of the Poet's manner. He does not rest long on one circumstance, or employ a great many words to describe it; which always makes the impression faint and languid; but placing it in one strong point of view, full and clear before the Reader, he there leaves it. "FROM his shield and his helmet," says Homer, describing one of his heroes in battle, "From his shield and helmet, there sparkled an incessant blaze; like the autumnal star, when it appears in its brightness from the waters of the ocean." This is short and lively; but when it comes into Mr. Pope's hand, it evaporates in three pompous lines, each of which repeats the same image in different words: High on his helm celestial lightnings play, His beamy shield emits a living ray; The unwearied blaze incessant streams supplies, Like the red star that fires the autumnal skies. IT is to be observed, in general, that, in describing solemn or great objects, the concise manner is, almost always, proper. Descriptions of gay and smiling scenes can bear to be more amplified and prolonged; as strength is not the predominant quality expected in these. But where a sublime, or a pathetic impression is intended to be made,