place of adding anything to the description, clog and enervate it. Virgil's "Liquidi fontes," and Horace's "Prata canis albicant pruinis," must, I am afraid, be assigned to this class: for, to denote by an epithet that water is liquid, or that snow is white, is no better than mere tautology. Every Epithet should either add a new idea to the word which it qualifies, or at least serve to raise and heighten its known signification. So in Milton, -- Who shall tempt with wandering feet The dark, unbottom'd, infinite abyss, And through the palpable obscure, find out His uncouth way? or spread his airy flight, Upborn with indefatigable wings, Over the vast abrupt? B. II. The epithets employed here plainly add strength to the description, and assist the fancy in conceiving it; -- the wandering feet -- the unbottomed abyss -- the palpable obscure -- the uncouth way -- the indefatigable wing -- serve to render the images more complete and distinct. But there are a sort of general epithets, which, though they appear to raise the signification of the word to which they are joined, yet leave it so undetermined, and are now become so trite and beaten in poetical language, as to be perfectly insipid. Of this kind are "barbarous discord -- hateful envy -- mighty chiefs -- bloody war -- gloomy shades -- direful scenes," and a thousand more of the same kind which we meet with occasionally in good Poets; but with which, Poets of inferior genius abound every where, as the great props of their affected sublimity. They give a sort of swell to the language, and raise it above the tone of Prose; but they serve not in the least to illustrate the object described; on the contrary, they load the Style with a languid verbosity. SOMETIMES it is in the power of a Poet of genius, by one well-chosen epithet, to accomplish a description, and by means of a single word, to paint a whole scene to the fancy. We may remark this effect of an epithet in the following fine lines of Milton's Lycidas: Where were ye, nymphs, when the remorseless deep Closed over the head of your loved Lycidas? For neither were ye playing on the steep, Where your old bards, the famous Druids, lie, Nor on the shaggy top of Mona high, Nor yet where Deva spreads her wizard stream. AMONG these wild scenes, "Deva's wizard stream" is admirably imagined; by this one word, presenting to the fancy all the romantic ideas, of a river flowing through a desolate country, with banks haunted by wizards and enchanters. Akin to this is an epithet which Horace gives to the river Hydaspes. A good man, says he, stands in need of no arms, Sive per Syrtes iter aestuosas, Sive facturus per inhospitalem Caucasum; vel quae loca fabulosus Lambit Hydaspes Whether through Lybia's burning sands Our journey leads, or Scythia's lands, Amidst the unhospitable waste of snows, Or where the fabulous Hydaspes flows.