when, half-blotted from the sky, her light, Fainting, permits the starry fires to burn, With keener luster through the depth of heaven; Or quite extinct, her deaden'd orb appears, And scarce appears, of sickly, beamless white: Often in this season, silent from the north A blaze of meteors shoots, ensweeping first The lower skies, then all at once converge High to the crown of heaven, and all at once Relapsing quick, as quickly reascend, And mix, and thwart, extinguish, and renew, All either coursing in a maze of light. From look to look, contagious through the crowd, The Pannic runs, and into wondrous shapes The appearance throws: armies in meet array, Throng with aerial spears, and steeds of fire; Till the long lines of full-extended war In bleeding fight commixt, the sanguine flood Rowls a broad slaughter over the plains of heaven. As thus they scan the visionary scene, On all sides swells the superstitious din, Incontinent; and busy frenzy talks Of blood and battle; cities over-turn'd, And, late at night, in swallowing earthquake sunk, Or painted hideous with ascending flame; Of sallow famine, inundation, storm; Of pestilence, and every great distress; Empires subvers'd, when ruling fate has struck The unalterable hour: even Nature's self Is deemed to totter on the brink of time. Not so the man of philosophic eye, And inspect sage; the waving brightness he Curious surveys, inquisitive to know The causes, and materials, yet unfix'd, Of this appearance beautiful, and new. Now black, and deep, the night begins to fall, A solid shade, immense. Sunk in the gloom Magnificent, and vast, are heaven and earth. Order confounded lies; all beauty void; Distinction lost; and gay variety One universal blot: such the fair power Of Light, to kindle, and create the whole. Drear is the state of the benighted wretch, Who then, bewildered, wanders through the dark, Full of pale fancies, and chimeras huge; Nor visited by one directive ray, From cottage streaming, or from airy hall. Perhaps impatient as he stumbles on, Struck from the root of slimy ruses, blue, The wildfire scatters round, or gathertd trails A length of flame deceitful over the moss; Whither decoyed by the fantastic blaze, Now sunk and now renewed, he is quite absorpt, Rider and horse into the miry gulf: While still, from day to day, his pining wife, And plaintive children his return await, In wild conjecture lost. At other times, Sent by the better Genius of the night, Innoxious, gleaming on the horse's mane, The meteor sits; and shows the narrow path, That winding leads through pits of death, or else Instructs him how to take the dangerous ford. The lengthened night elapsed, the morning shines Serene, in all her dewy beauty bright, Unfolding fair the last Autumnal day. And now the mounting sun dispels the fog; The rigid hoar-frost melts before his beam, And hung on every spray, on every blade Of grass, the myriad dew-drops twinkle round. Ah see where robbed, and murdered, in that