off, is left alone Amid this world of death. Ceaseless he sits, Sad on the jutting eminence, and views The rolling main, that ever toils below; Still fondly forming in the farthest verge, Where the round ether mixes with the wave, Ships, dim-discover'd, dropping from the clouds. At evening, to the setting sun he turns A mournful eye, and down his dying heart Sinks helpless; while the wonted roar is up, And hiss continual through the tedious night. Yet here, even here, into these black abodes Of monstors, unappall'd, from stooping Rome, And haughty Caesar, Liberty retired, With Cato leading through Numidian wilds: Disdainful of Campania's fertile plains, And all the green delights of Italy; When for them she must bend the servile knee, And fawning take the blessings once her own. What need I mention those inclement skies, Where frequent, over the sickening city, Plague, The fiercest son of Nemesis divine, Collects a close, incumbent night of death; Uninterrupted by the living winds, Forbid to blow a wholesome breeze; and stained With many a mixture, by the sun suffus'd, Of angry aspect? Princely Wisdom then Dejects his watchful eye; and from the hand Of drooping Justice, ineffectual, falls The sword, and balance. Mute the voice of Joy; And hushed the murmur of the busy world. Empty the streets, with uncouth verdure clad, And ranged at open noon by beasts of prey, And birds of bloody beak. The sullen door No visit knows, nor hears the wailing voice Of fervent Want. Even soul-attracted friends, And relatives endeared for many a year, Savag'd by woe, forget the social tie, The close engagement of the kindred heart; And, sick in solitude, successive die, Untended, and unmourn'd. While to complete The scene of desolation, wide around, Denying all retreat, the grim guards stand, And give the flying wretch a better death. Much of the force of foreign Summers still, Of growling hills that shoot the pillar'd flame, Of earthquake, and pale famine, could I sing; But equal scenes of horror call me home. For now, slow-settling, over the lurid grove, Unusual darkness broods; and growing gains The broad possession of the sky, surcharged With wrathful vapor, from the damp abrupt, Where sleep the mineral generations, drawn. Thence nitre, sulphur, vitriol, on the day Steam, and fermenting in yon baleful cloud, Extensive over the world a reddening gloom! In dreadful promptitude to spring, await The high command. A boding silence reigns Dread through the dun expanse, save the dull sound, That from the mountain, previous to the storm, Rowls over the trembling earth, disturbs the flood, And stirs the forest-leaf without a breath. Prone, to the lowest vale, the aerial tribes Descend: the tempest-loving raven scarce Dares wing the dubious dusk. In rueful gaze The cattle stand, and on the scouling heavens Cast a deploring eye; by man forsook, Who to the crowded cottage hies him fast, Or seeks the shelter of the downward cave. It Is dumb amaze, and listening terror all; When