amazing, and the strong, Unconquerable hand of Liberty, The stork-assembly meets; for many a day, Consulting deep, and various, e're they take Their plumy voyage through the liquid sky. And now their rout designed, their leaders chose, Their tribes adjusted, cleaned their vigorous wings; And many a circle, many a short essay Wheeled round and round, in congregation full, The figured flight ascends; and, riding high The aerial billows, mixes with the clouds. Or where the Northern ocean, in vast whirls, Boils round the naked, melancholy isles Of farthest Thule, and the Atlantic surge Pours in among the stormy Hebrides; Who can recount what transmigrations there Are annual made? What nations come and go? And how the living clouds on clouds arise? Infinite wings! till all the plume-dark air, And white resounding store are one wild cry Here the plain, harmless native his small flock, And herd diminutive of many hues, Tends on the little island's verdant swell, The shepherd's sea-girt reign; or, to the rocks Dire-clinging, gathers his ovarious food; Or sweeps the fishy shore; or treasures up The plumage, riling full, to form the bed Of luxury. And here a while the muse, High-hovering over the broad cerulean scene, Sees Caledonia, in romantic view: Her airy mountains, from the gelid main, Invested with a keen, diffusive sky, Breathing the soul acute; her forests huge, Incult, robust, and tall, by Nature's hand Planted of old; her azure lakes between, Poured out extensive, and of watery wealth Full; winding deep, and green, her fertile vales; With many a cool, translucent, brimming flood Washed lovely, from the Tweed, pure parent-stream, To where the north-inflated tempest foams Over Orca, or Betubium's highest peak. Nurse of a people, in misfortune's school Trained up to hardy deeds; soon visited By Learnings, when before the Gothic rage She took her western flight. A generous race Of unsubmitting spirit, wise, and brave, Who still through bleeding ages struggled hard, To hold a hapless, undiminish'd state; Too much in vain! Hence of ignoble bounds Impatient, and by tempting glory borne Over every land, for every land their life Has flowed profuse, their piercing genius plan'd, And swelled the pomp of peace their faithful toil. As from their own clear north, in radiant streams, Bright over Europe bursts the Boreal Morn. Oh is there not some patriot, in whose power That best, that godlike luxury is placed, Of blessing thousands, thousands yet unborn, Through late posterity? some, large of soul! To cheer dejected industry? to give A double harvest to the pining swain? And teach the laboring hand the sweets of toil? How, by the finest art, the native robe To weave; how, white as hyperborean snow, To form the lucid lawn; with venturous oar, How to dash wide the billow; nor look on, Shamefully passive, while Batavian fleets Defraud us of the glittering, finny swarms, That heave our friths, and crowd upon our shores; How all-enlivening trade to rouse, and wing The prosperous sail, from every growing