or else disordered falls, His feet, illuded, sprawling to the sky, While the laugh rages round; from end to end, Increasing still, resounds the crowded scene. Pure, quick, and sportful, is the wholesome day; But soon elapsed. The horizontal sun, Broad over the south, hangs at his utmost noon; And, ineffectual, strikes the gelid cliff. The mountain still his azure gloss maintains, Nor feels the feeble touch. Perhaps the vale Relents a while to the reflected ray; Or from the forest falls the clustered snow, Myriads of gem, that, by the breeze diffused, Gay-twinkle through the gleam. Heard thick around, Thunders the sport of those, who, with the gun, And dog impatient bounding at the shot, Worse than the season, desolate the fields; And, adding to the ruins of the year, Distress the footed, or the feathered game. But what is this? these infant tempests what? The mockery of Winter: should our eye Astonished shoot into the frozen zone; Where more than half the joyless year is night; And, failing gradual, life at last goes out. There undissolving, from the first of time, Snows swell on snows amazing to the sky; And icy mountains there, on mountains pil'd, Seem to the shivering sailor from afar, Shapeless, and white, an atmosphere of clouds. Projected huge, and horrid, over the main, Alps frown on Alps; or rushing hideous down, As if old Chaos was again returned, Shake the firm pole, and make an ocean boil. Whence heaped abrupt along the howling shore, And into various shapes (as fancy leans) Worked by the wave, the crystal pillars heave, Swells the blue portico, the gothic dome Shoots fretted up; and birds, and beasts, and men, Rise into mimic life, and sink by turns. The restless deep itself cannot resist The binding fury; but in all its rage Of tempest taken by the boundless frost, Is many a fathom to the bottom chained, And bid to roar no more: a bleak expanse, Shagg'd over with wavy rocks, chearless, and void Of every life, that from the dreary months Flies conscious southward. Miserable they! Who, here entangled in the gathering ice, Take their last look of the descending sun; While, full of death, and fierce with tenfold frost, The long long night, incumbent over their head, Falls horrible. Such was the Sir Hugh Willoughby, sent by Queen Elizabeth to discover the north-east passage. Briton's fate, As with first prow, (What have not Britons dared!) He for the passage sought, attempted since So much in vain, and seeming to be shut By jealous nature with eternal bars. In these fell regions, in Arzina caught, And to the stony deep his idle ship Immediate sealed, he with his hapless crew, Each full exerted at his several task, Froze into statues; to the cordage glued The sailor, and the pilot to the helm. Hard by these shores, the last of mankind live; And, scarce enlivened by the distant sun, (That rears and ripens man, as well as plants) Here