fine emotions at his heart; Takes what she liberal gives, nor thinks of more. He, when young Spring protrudes the bursting gems, Marks the first bud, and sucks the healthful gale Into his freshen'd soul; her genial hours He quite enjoys; and not a beauty blows, And not an opening blossom breathes in vain. In Summer he, beneath the living shade, Such as from frigid Tempe wont to fall, Or Haemus cool, reads what the muse, of these Perhaps, has in immortal numbers sung; Or what she dictates writes; and, often an eye Shot round, rejoices in the vigorous year. When Autumn's yellow luster gilds the world, And tempts the sickled swain into the sield, Seized by the general joy, his heart distends With gentle throws; and through the tepid gleams Deep-musing, then the best exerts his song. Even Winter wild to him is full of bliss. The mighty tempest, and the hoary waste, Abrupt, and deep, stretched over the buried earth, Awake to solemn thought. At night the skies, Disclosed, and kindled, by refining frost, Pour every luster on the astonished eye. A friend, a book, the stealing hours secure, And mark them down for wisdom. With swift wing, Over land, and sea, imagination roams; Or truth, divinely breaking on his mind, Elates his being, and unfolds his powers; Or in his breast heroic virtue burns. The touch of love, and kindred too he feels, The modest eye, whose beams on his alone Extatic shine; the little, strong embrace Of prattling children, twined around his neck, And emulous to please him, calling forth The fond parental soul. Nor purpose gay, Amusement, dance, or song, he sternly scorns; For happiness, and true philosophy Still are, and have been of the smiling kind. This is the life which those who fret in guilt, And guilty cities, never knew; the life, Led by primaeval ages, incorrupt, When God himself, and Angels dwelt with men! Oh Nature! all-sufficient! over all! Enrich me with the knowledge of thy works! Snatch me to heaven; thy rolling wonders there, World beyond world, in infinite extent, Profusely scattered over the void immense, Show me; their motions, periods, and their laws, Give me to scan; through the disclosing deep Light my blind way: the mineral Strata there; Thrust, blooming, thence the vegetable world; Over that rising system, more complex, Of animals; and higher still, the mind, The varied scene of quick-compounded thought, And where the mixing passions endless shift; These ever open to my ravished eye; A search, the flight of time can never exhaust! But if to that unequal; if the blood, In sluggish streams about my heart, forbids That best ambition; under closing shades, Inglorious, lay me by the lowly brook, And whisper to my dreams. From Thee begin, Dwell all on Thee, with Thee conclude my song; And let me never, never stray from Thee! The END. WINTER. Marble statues in the Garden of Versailes 7 foot high. WINTER, A POEM; A HYMN ON THE