we compare; (away with such A thought) to what resemble him! this globe; Ten thousand thousand worlds, beyond where space Exists, where matter lives; beyond the grasp Of human thought, imagination's ken, Nay reason's reach, the intellect of angels? -- But, silence best becomes the boundless theme; In wonder swallowed up, and deep astonishment! What should we fear? this glorious prospect brings No dreadful phantom to the frighted eye, No terror to the soul; it is transport all! Here fancy roves, in sweet variety For ever lost; her native bliss. For her, The blue ethereal arch expands; her table Spread out with all the dainties of the sky, Imagination's rich regale. For her The clouds absorb the evening ray; and drink The liquid gold, which stains their fleecy sides With all the tincts of heaven, transmitted through A thousand different strainers to the eye, And thence upon the ravished soul diffused. The blushing beauties of the infant morn, Aurora's saffron beam; the splendid bow, Whose copious arch was bent by hands divine, An emblem formed of half eternity, By angels robe'd in all the aggregate, The unblended aggregate, of various day, Of heaven's own day; and from its sunbeams drawn, In all its tinges dipped, its glories dressed. For her, the smiling earth puts on her mantle; Her mantle green, with purple mixed, with gold, With all the liv'ries of the youthful spring, To wake new raptures in the heart of man; And fill his soul with gratitude immense. All these are reason's treasures, stores of thought; Reflection's unexhausted funds, replete With matter for her own delightful task. Here wisdom works at large; here smiling builds, For sweet content, a homely shed; where joy, Where gladness, visit often her temperate guests, And make their willing stay: here, undisturbed, They reign, they revel, take their fill of all That nature (ever bounteous mother) yields, For use or pleasure: but excess avoid; That fiend accursed, whose bloated visage wan, And troubled eye, betray her inward pang, Which shakes severe her paralytic nerve, Her tottering frame; ever death, by nature taught, And time, in season due, with gentle hand Can cut the wasted thread: excess usurps With force the abortive task, and vindicates Her prey -- Come all, ye family of joy; Ye children of the cheerful hour, begot By wisdom on the virtuous mind; O, come! Come innocence, in conscious strength secure; Come courage, foremost in the manly train; Come all; and in the honest heart abide, Your native residence, your fortress still, From real or from fancied evils free: O, come; indignant, drive out, far beyond The utmost precincts of the human breast, Beyond the springs of hope, the cells of joy, And every mansion where a virtue lives; O drive far off, for ever drive that bane, That hideous pest, engendered deep in hell, Where Stygian glooms condensed dimension'd darkness, Contains, within its dire embrace, that monster Horrid to sight, and by the frighted furies In their dread pannic SUPERSTITION