named! The close contracted span of human life Is dearly purchased by the sons of care; Since sickness, disappointment, pain, and death, A thousand varied unavoided evils, Prey hourly on the vexing heart of man, Like officers of wrath, let loose by pride, To raise the rigid tax on wretched being; A dreadful interest, for a sum so small! Enough are these, alas, to gall and sting! What need we then for fancied evils seek, To scare the soul, and harrow up the heart, Already tossed, and torn, and broken down By evils of its own contrivance? evils Still adverse found, to nature's wholesome ways; The bane of every bliss, and social joy: Ambition, with her train; and luxury, With custom linked, with fell corruption joined, Led up by fashion in her frantic dance, Followed by misery, despair, and death. For pity's sake, forbear to haunt the world With hideous specter, and fantastic forms; With harpy footed furies, fearful phantoms, Everlasting torments, and unquenched fire. O say, what horrid scenes are these you draw! What portraits of the Almighty! hence, away; See reason turns the face aside, see nature Start at the monstrous form! and cry aloud Through all her works, It is not like. Forbear, Ye croaking ministers of midnight dreams, Ye madding trumpeters of false report, Forbear to pour your ghastly images On truth, nor give just providence the lie. What Is a churchyard, what I pray? this horri^ goblin Arrayed in midnight weeds by frantic fancy IN the solemn moon-struck hour? a bed prepared For silent unperceiving dust that once To human thought was wedded, vital clay, Divorced by death to join the general mother, Divided far from its companion dear, The immortal soul, that now above the stars Forgets this trampled clod, and joins the choirs Of bliss, it is gloomy all and solemn. Hark, Was it the clock that told the passing; hour, And told it too at midnight? when deep silence And hideous darkness reign over half the world It was. -- What then? it tells it too at noon, Amidst the noise and sunshine of that hour, The clock that calls to business or to pleasure The sons of avarice and sensual joy. What tragic bustle when an engine strikes! Shall mere negations, unsubstantial shades, Such monsters form, to fright the unthinking crowd To fancy tangible, to terror real? Let monks, let nurses put these vizors on, To startle bigots, and astonish babes; Reason scorns, and common sense defies 'em; And who so weak to shudder at the sound Of yon departed moment fled for ever! Or with his sad foreboding sighs keep time To each elapsing sand that silent flows From his exhausting glass with breaking heart: "O wretched avarice of breath, to draw "Fresh air, or gaze upon the wearied sun; To tread the same unvary'd round with pain, To eat, to drink, to sleep, to satisfy Each sensual sordid appetite, alas! How often have distant prospects, verdant views, With all