from the waters swelling and rushing into these caverns, which absorbing them, drove them out again with great fury against the rocks at their mouths, dashing them into foam with a tremendous sound. Captain Meares now perceived the passage, through which he had been driven into this scene of horrors, and made his escape. On reading such accounts as these in a picturesque light, one can hardly avoid making a few remarks on the grand effects which may often be produced by, what may be called, the scenery of vapor. Nothing offers so extensive a field to the fancy in invented scenes; nothing subjects even the compositions of nature so much to the control and improvement of art. It admits the painter to a participation with the poet in the use of the machinery of uncertain forms; to which both are indebted for their sublimest images. A sublime image is perhaps an incorrect phrase. The regions of sublimity are not peopled by forms, but hints; they are not enlightened by sunshine, but by gleams and flashes. The transient view of the summit of a cliff towering over the mast, filled the despairing seaman with more terror than if he had seen the whole rocky bay. It set his imagination at work. The ideas of grace and beauty are as much raised by leaving the image half immersed in obscurity, as the ideas of terror. Definition, which throws a light on philosophic truth, destroys at once the airy shapes of fiction. Virgil has given more beauty in three words, -- Lumenque juventae Purpureum -- than he could have done in the most labored description; as Gray likewise has in the two following lines, though some cold critic would probably ask for an explanation: Over her warm cheek, and rising bosom move The bloom of young desire, and purple light of love. It is by snatches only that you catch a glimpse of such beauties. Would you analyze them, the vision dissolves in the process; and disappears, like life pursued to its last retreat by the anatomist. You ruin the image by determining its form, and identifying its tints. As we proceeded farther along the heights of Quantoc, we had views of the promontory of Minehead, which forms a more beautiful coast than Bridgewater-bay: the land is higher and more varied. Here we had still a distinct view of the Bristol channel, and the coast of Wales. The sea, as is not uncommon, happened to be beautifully variegated. It had a reddish hue with a tinge of rainbow green, which being mixed together, formed different gradations of kindred colors; and sometimes going off in purple, gave the surface of the ocean a great resplendency. Minehead seems by its situation to confirm what we were told, that its harbor was the best and safest in this part of the coast. When the great storm of 1703 ravaged all these shores with peculiar fury, Minehead was the only harbor which could defend it is