Pride, Batavia's Hope; The Roman Empires Ornament and Fame, The everlasting Blessing of the Good, And constant Panegyric of the Brave: E'n in this great deciding Moment he The impetuous Movements of his Soul commands, Commands himself with more imperious Sway Than even the meanest Warrior of his Troops; To no unruly Transport he gives way, To all Attacks remains invincible, And stands the noble Conqueror of himself; For now his Genius whispers him within That while the Day is doubtless on his Side Heroic Eugene is severely pressed, And by the false Bavarian's Power distressed, And wants the Succor of the Conquering Wing. Then as great Virgil's Neptune with his Voice Tames the wild Horrors of his frantic Waves, And flattens with a Breath the refluent Main, So mighty Marlborough with a Word, a Nod The Fury of his Conquering Troops restrains, E'n raging Madness hears that awful Voice, And in a Moment sinks into a Calm; That Voice the stormy King of Terrors hears, He hears that Voice, and in midway arrests His furious Arm descending to destroy. And as the Hero with a Breath can calm The raging Storm in forty thousand Breasts, So with a Breath he reinflames them all. Again like stormy Seas they waving roll, And rise, and foam with far resounding Roar, And tenfold Joy, and tenfold Rage succeeds. For on the Spur the blissful News arrives, That happy Eugene no Support requires; That conquering Eugene making vast Efforts, Efforts which never will be forgot by Fame, A Third time rallied his disordered Troops, And turned Confusion back upon the Foe. Again great Marlborough gives the fatal Word, Again the Goddess gives the dreadful Charge, And the victorious Squadrons of the left Again fall on with terrifying Cries. Conquest before, now great Revenge they seek, The French astonished, all Resistance loose, All Resolution, Courage, Order, Thought. Their Squadrons now confounded, all disband, Each for himself takes sordid Care alone, Sure Ruin both to Armies and to States. The Victors with immortal Rage pursue, And smite the affected French, like Wrath divine That sweeps whole People, and lays Nations waste. See this ye proud aspiring Tyrants, see, And let the Face of Bleinheim's dreadful Field Teach you to rremble at the Wrath of Heaven, And the just Judgments of the avenging God! Do you see that Heap of abject Wretches there, That fall by Hundreds, and by Thousands fly. How is Ambition fallen! How in his Turn The insolent Oppressor faints and dies! Are these the Brave, the Invincible? Are these The Royal Household of the immortal King? Are these the Bands so proud of Triumphs past, So vain upon the Hopes of those to come? And with the Spoils of conquered Nations big? Are these the Giants who their Tyrant swelled With the fond Hope of universal Sway? How they fly! How they fall! How they tremble! How they die! An Iron Tempest galls them in the Flank, And the fierce Victor with