may be of use as a beacon to future adventurers. One species of false sublime, known by the name of bombast, is common among writers of a mean genius. It is a serious endeavor, by strained description, to raise a low or familiar subject above its rank; which instead of being sublime, never fails to be ridiculous. I am extremely sensible how prone the mind is, in some animating passions, to magnify its objects beyond natural bounds. But such hyperbolical description has its limits. If carried beyond the impulse of the propensity, the coloring no longer pleases: it degenerates into the burlesque. Take the following examples. Sejanus. -- Great and high The world knows only two, that is Rome and I. My roof receives me not; it is air I tread, And at each step I feel my advanced head Knock out a star in heaven. Sejanus, Ben Johnson, act 5. A writer who has no natural elevation of genius, is extremely apt to deviate into bombast. He strains above his genius; and the violent effort he makes carries him generally beyond the bounds of propriety. Boileau expresses this happily: L'autre a peur de ramper, il se perd dans la nue L'art poet. chant 1. l. 68. . The same author Ben Johnson abounds in the bombast: -- The mother, Th'expulsed Apicata, finds them there; Whom when she saw lie spread on the degrees, After a world of fury on herself, Tearing her hair, defacing of her face, Beating her breasts and womb, kneeling amazed, Crying to heaven, then to them; at last Her drowned voice got up above her woes: And with such black and bitter exercrations, (As might affright the gods, and force the sun Run backward to the east; nay, make the old Deformed Chaos rise again to overwhelm Them, us, and all the world) she fills the air, Upbraids the heavens with their partial dooms, Defies their tyrannous powers, and demands What she and those poor innocents have transgressed, That they must suffer such a share in vengeance. Sejanus, act 5. sc. last. -- Lentulus, the man, If all our fire were out, would fetch down new, Out of the hand of Jove; and rivet him To Caucasus, should he but frown; and let His own gaunt eagle fly at him to tire. Catiline, act 3. Can these, or such, be any aids to us? Look they as they were built to shake the world, Or be a moment to our enterprise? A thousand, such as they are, could not make One atom of our souls. They should be men Worth heaven's fear, that looking up, but thus, Would make Jove stand upon his guard, and draw Himself within his thunder; which, amazed, He should discharge in vain, and they unhurt. Or, if they were, like Capaneus at Thebes, They should hang dead upon the highest spires, And ask the second bolt to be thrown down. Why Lentulus talk you so long? This time Had been