this specimen concludes the rest; And lo! the outguards Detached Rocks that have those appearances. , fixed that boldly brave The storm indignant and the advancing wave; In hostile wise with sharpened spears they stand Amid the floods, at nature's great command; In postures changing as we draw more near, Like watchful warriors, old implanted there, That face us various as we winding go, And challenge still, and still arrest the foe: But see Lot's wife One of the Rocks so called formerly, but some Years ago gave way to a Tempest, as particularly described by Mr. STURCH, in his view of the Isle of Wight, to which this is submitted as no improper Companion. , for fame has called her so, With stately stature and with robes that flow Majestic, lofty, l^ke some sea born Queen, Adjust her tresses in the mirror green, Her tresses there assume the noblest forms, The rocks her toilet, and her comb the storms; Her fashions are put on by nature's hand, And curls in characters unchanged stand, Now swallowed up with greatness, fear and joy, Let taste and wonder all the soul employ, Lo! nature's hand has here enormous wrought Beyond the grasp of sense, the reach of thought; Here awe struck reason must in silence pause, Lay down her scepter and suspend her laws, Unable on her gradual steps to climb The dreadful summit of this vast sublime: How all impressions of the mind are changed! The heart distended and the head derang'd, The height above the wave fatigues the eye, For the strained nerve can scarcely reach so high, Above the proudest pitch of Roman style, Of Pompey's theater, or Trajan's pile; This awful edifice commands the waves, By nature built, the boisterous billow braves; The God of ocean here his palace keeps. And sends his mandates over the distant deeps The voice in eddies through the cliff is tossed, And all the sense in half the space is lost; In half the space is mingled with the air, By echo's force annihilated there. Hark! how the thunders of the exploding gun, That often in loud prolific mazes stun The ear, beget a thousand vollies as they run; Whilst over head the concave seems alive; Like bees in millions swarming from the hive; The sea birds darken all the living space, That look no larger than the insect race, That wheel around, disturbed with clamours call, Or fall transfixed, increasing as they fall: Now whirling nearer to the impatient eye, They dash upon the wave and dashing die: Shooting the birds under the cliffs of Freshwater is a frequent diversion -- It is described in the pamphlet before referred to with some humane reflections -- The Editor attempts not to interpose an opinion on the practice, but the sight of the cliffs and the vast number of birds, is truly one of nature's curiosities. The billows bowing with profoundest sweep, Would pay their homage to the amazing steep, With grandeur rolling