between STEEP-HILL cliffs, and the sea shore, is so called by the inhabitants. -- The cliffs are a wonderful production of nature, and wear the appearance of a regular wall, the bold design and effect of indefatigable art: They extend nearly four miles, and the vale below, is not only amazingly fertile, but so various in its form, and so interspersed with rocks of grotesque shape, as the Poet has described it, that the wildly pleasing and ^^^ust, are no where to be met with, in mure happy combination. -- To give a complete idea of these perfections would require the united powers of Claude, Salvator, and Poussin. -- The first should throw his delicate sunshine over the cultivated fields, the scattered dots, and hanging coppices. The second should dash out the horror of the rugged cliffs, steeps and ocean, while the grand pencil of Poussin, should crown the whole with the majesty of the impending mountains. -- The Editor cannot help adding, that a walk by moonlight, (at which time the many waterfalls are heared in all their variety of sounds) in this enchanting situation, opens a scene of such delicate beauty, repose and solemnity, as exceeds all description. ; Attention now begins once more to rise, And sated raptures yield to new surprise; Now! now! an aggregate unseen before, Of new raised wonders mantle all the shore; A miscellania fixed and firm as fate, Of all that is beautiful of all that is great; Where all that nature to her children gives, Where health with plenty and enjoyment lives; Where elegance ascends the enormous steep, With verdant robe, and shades the distant deep; Here nature triumphs in her guarded ground, And fortifies the envied shores around; In angles, bastions, and in platforms cast, That ape the present and excel the past, Work above work like theaters they climb, With myrtle crowned, with wormwood and wild thyme; In mingled climax dubious they advance, That look like order now and now like chance: The ambitious cliff the crystal vault invades, Refreshed by gushing springs and clear cascades, That murmuring down the craggy falls we hear, And feast the fancy through the astonished ear; The impatient fancy throbs for new delight, And now she banquets through the ravished sight; The rivulets see rushing from on high, That give such pleasure to the ear and eye, That through the grottos, rocks and gardens glide, And the glad soul with sweet extremes divide; Extremes that with such grand confusion shine, Like chaos now and now a plan divine; How nature varies through the concave wide! And riots wanton with enormous pride! Behold a wall, by nature's potent hand, Aloft, over all the extended outworks stand! Like sentinels the extended outworks show, To watch the motion of the flood below; In loose light troops the vagrant rocks appear, On wild excursion scattered here and there; Whilst all around within the entrenched space, See pleasure, bloom and plenty mixed with grace; From pendant plots see