and wheel, " On the torture of the mind they lie;" Should harrass'd nature sink to rest, The Poet wakes the scorpion in the breast, Guilty mortals more than die! When our Magician, more inspired, By charms, and spells, and incantations fired, Exerts his most tremendous power; The thunder growls, the heavens lower, And to his darkened throne repair, The Demons of the deep, and Spirits of the air! But soon these horrors pass away, Through storms and night breaks forth the day: He smiles, -- they vanish into air! The buskined warriors disappear! Mute the trumpets, mute the drums, The scene is changed -- Thalia comes, Leading the nymph Euphrosyne, Goddess of joy and liberty! She and her sisters, hand in hand, Linked to a numerous srolick band, With roses and with myrtle crowned, Over the green velvet lightly bound, Circling the Monarch of the enchanted land! AIR. I. Wild, frantic with pleasure, They trip it in measure, To bring him their treasure, The treasure of joy. II. How gay is the measure, How sweet is the pleasure, How great is the treasure, The treasure of joy. III. Like roses fresh blowing, Their dimpled-cheeks glowing, His mind is overflowing; A treasure of joy! IV. His rapture perceiving, They smile while they are giving, He smiles at receiving, A treasure of joy. With kindling cheeks, and sparkling eyes, Surrounded thus, the Bard in transport dies; The little Loves, like bees, Clust'ring and climbing up his knees, His brows with roses bind; While Fancy, Wit, and Humor spread Their wings, and hover round his head, Impregnating his mind. Which teeming soon, as soon brought forth, Not a tiny spurious birth, But out a mountain came, A mountain of delight! LAUGHTER roared out to see the sight, And FALSTAFF was his name! With sword and shield he, puffing, strides; The joyous revel-rout Receive him with a shout, And modest Nature holds her sides: No single power the deed had done, But great and small, Wit, Fancy, Humor, Whim, and Jest, The huge, misshapen heap impressed; And lo -- SIR JOHN! A compound of 'em all, A comic world in ONE. AIR. A world where all pleasures abound, So fruitful the earth, So quick to bring forth, And the world too is wicked and round. As the well-teeming earth, With rivers and showers, Will smiling bring forth Her fruits and her flowers; So FALSTAFF will never decline; Still fruitful and gay, He moistens his clay, And his rain and his rivers are wine; Of the world he has all, but its care; No load, but of flesh, will he bear; He laughs off his pack, Takes a cup of old sack, And away with all sorrow and care. Like the rich rainbow's various dies, Whose circle sweeps over earth and skies, The heaven-born muse appears; Now in the brighest colors gay, Now quenched in showers, she sades away, Now blends her smiles and tears. Sweet Swan of Avon! ever may thy stream Of