the straggling Beams, And robs them of their gathered, vapoury, Prey, Where Marshes stagnate, and where Rivers wind, Cluster the rolling Fogs, and swim along The dusky-mantled Lawn: then slow descend, Once more to mingle with their Watery Friends. The vivid Stars shine out, in radiant Files; And boundless Either glows, till the fair Moon Shows her broad Visage, in the crimsoned East; Now, stooping, seems to kiss the passing Cloud: Now, over the pure Cerulean, rides sublime. Wide the pale Deluge floats, with silver Waves, Over the sky'd Mountain, to the low-laid Vale; From the white Rocks, with dim Reflection, gleams, And faintly glitters through the waving Shades. ALL Night, abundant Dews, unnoted, fall, And, at Return of Morning, silver over The Face of Mother-Earth; from every Branch Depending, tremble the translucent Gems, And, quivering, seem to fall away, yet cling, And sparkle in the Sun, whose rising Eye, With Fogs bedim'd, portends a beauteous Day. NOW, giddy Youth, whom headlong Passions fire, Rouse the wild Game, and stain the guiltless Grove, With Violence, and Death; yet call it Sport, To scatter Ruin through the Realms of Love, And Peace, that thinks no Ill: But These, the Muse, Whose Charity, unlimited, extends As wide as Nature works, disdains to sing, Returning to her nobler Theme in view -- FOR, see! where Winter comes, himself, confessed, Striding the gloomy Blast. First Rains obscure Drive through the mingling Skies, with Tempest foul; Beat on the Mountain's Brow, and shake the Woods, That, sounding, wave below. The dreary Plain Lies overwhelmed, and lost. The bellying Clouds Combine, and deepening into Night, shut up The Day's fair Face. The Wanderers of Heaven, Each to his Home, retire; save those that love To take their Pastime in the troubled Air, And, skimming, flutter round the dimply Flood. The Cattle, from the untasted Fields, return, And ask, with Meaning low, their wonted Stalls; Or ruminate in the contiguous Shade: Thither, the household, feathery, People crowd, The crested Cock, with all his female Train, Pensive, and wet. Mean while, the Cottage-Swain Hangs over the enlivening Blaze, and, taleful, there, Recounts his simple Frolic: Much he talks, And much he laughs, nor recks the Storm that blows Without, and rattles on his humble Roof. AT last, the muddy Deluge pours along, Resistless, roaring; dreadful down it comes From the chapt Mountain, and the mossy Wild, Tumbling through Rocks abrupt, and sounding far Then over the sanded Valley, floating, spreads, Calm, sluggish, silent; till again constrained, Betwixt two meeting Hills, it bursts a Way, Where Rocks, and Woods o'erhang the turbid Stream. There gathering triple Force, rapid, and deep, It boils, and wheels, and foams, and thunders through. NATURE! great Parent! whose directing Hand Rolls round the Seasons of the changeful Year, How mighty! how majestic are thy Works! With what a pleasing Dread they swell the Soul, That sees, astonished! and, astonished sings! You too, ye Winds! that now begin to blow, With boisterous Sweep, I raise