opposite impressions to the mind, and the force of each is, perhaps, destroyed by the admission of the other. Sublimity can scarcely exist, without simplicity; and even grandeur loses much of its elevating effect, when united with a considerable portion of beauty; then descending to become magnificence. The effect of simplicity in assisting that high tone of mind, produced by the sublime, is demonstrated by the scenery of Ullswater, where very seldom a discordant object obtrudes over the course of thought, and jars upon the feelings. But it is much pleasanter to admire than to examine, and in Derwentwater is abundant subject for admiration, though not of so high a character as that, which attends Ullswater. The soft undulations of its shores, the mingled wood and pasture, that paint them, the brilliant purity of the water, that gives back every landscape on its bank, and frequently with heightened coloring, the fantastic wildness of the rocks and the magnificence of the amphitheatre they form; these are circumstances, the view of which excites emotions of sweet, though tranquil admiration, softening the mind to tenderness, rather than elevating it to sublimity. We first saw the whole beneath such sober hues as prevailed when "the gray hooded Even, Like a sad votarist, in Palmer's weed, Rose from the hindmost wheels of Phoebus' wain." The wildness, seclusion, and magical beauty of this vale, seem, indeed, to render it the very abode for Milton's Comus, "deep skilled in all his mother's witcheries;" and, while we survey its fantastic features, we are almost tempted to suppose, that he has hurled his "dazzling spells into the air, Of power to cheat the eye with blear illusion And give it false presentiments." Nay more, to believe "All the sage poets, taught by the heavenly muse Storied of old, in high immortal verse, Of dire chimaeras and enchanted isles;" and to fancy we hear from among the woody cliffs, near the shore, "the sound Of riot and ill managed merriment," succeeded by such strains as often "in pleasing slumbers lull the sense, And, in sweet madness, rob it of itself." SKIDDAW. ON the following morning, having engaged a guide, and with horses accustomed to the labor, we began to ascend this tremendous mountain by a way, which makes the summit five miles from Keswick. Passing through bowery lanes, luxuriant with mountain ash, holly, and a variety of beautiful shrubs, to a broad, open common, a road led us to the foot of Latrigg, or, as it is called by the country people, Skiddaw's Cub, a large round hill, covered with heath, turf and browsing sheep. A narrow path now wound along steep green precipices, the beauty of which prevented what danger there was from being perceived. Derwentwater was concealed by others, that rose above them, but that part of the vale of Keswick, which separates the two lakes, and spreads a rich level of three miles, was immediately below; Crossthwaite-church, nearly in the center, with the white vicarage, rising among