light! In vengeance armed, beneath her feet she treads The reign of death and hell, the vanquished heads Of fallen immortals and etherial powers; And crowned with living light, her head she towers Before her beams her adamantine shield Effulging flame on flame; divine, immense, To which, the space the vast circumference Of Saturn's all-involving orb surrounds, Systems and worlds from fate and force she saves: And in her strong right hand, the sword she waves Which girds omnipotence; whose mighty length Flames through immense infinitude: its strength Touched by the power of its resistless sway, To unessential nothing. When the cries Of wrong, and lust, and blood confused arise, FAMINE, and PESTILENCE, and WAR, prepare She mounts; from all her form the lightnings blaze Through aether's boundless deeps, incessant plays Above, around, beneath: on swiftest wing Through all the Heavens the immortal coursers spring: Angelic thought, light's instantaneous ray Darts rapid: at each bound through all the skies, From world to world the flaming chariot flies. Famine and Pestilence her march preceed, Dark sanguine horror shrouds the orbs of light, Loud tempests rage, the whirlwind's furious might Howls through the laboring air, the hoary deeps Roar terrible, from all their pine-clad steeps Earth to her center trembles at her rod; Hell hears the coming ruin, and beneath A deeper horror fills the realms of death; Its surging flames with added wrath aspire, Tartarean thunders loud rebellowing roar, And kindled rage, and pangs unfelt before, And Heaven's severest agonizing scourge For endless ages her sad exiles urge; Amidst the avenging terrors of the scene, Even Virtue but not trembles. And shall Man, His world a bubble, and his race a span? Shall guilty man, though winged with whirlwinds, fly Death's horrid power arrests him from afar, And drags his trembling victim to her bar: And come he will; (fixed is thy utmost date;) Swift as the rapid march of time and fate; And enless night and horror in his rear. ASK we the CAUSE why Nature has impressed A moral Conscience in the human breast? To wake remorse her secret scourge was given, To fortify its vast eternal plan, Its first great end, the happiness of Man. WHEN armed in vengeance Justice aims the wound, Prostrate in dust and growing to the ground, Often meek-ey'd Penitence, celestial maid, Hangs on her hand, averts the impending blow, And calms the avenging terrors of her brow, Till by her prayers her tears to pity moved, Two Principles impell the human soul, Passion to urge, and Conscience to control: In nicest equipoize united still, These balanced forces guide the human will: Urged by attraction, and impulsive force; With swift celerity this wings his way, While that with gentle, secret, constant sway, Makes man by force unseen, yet unwithstood, And move obedient to the sacred plan, In that fixed orbit heaven prescribes to man: Relax the (...) Il. viii. -- The golden chain: -- the force of attraction. See Pope's Iliad. golden chain, with