Meditation, are often very different from what Idea's of the same Objects are, in the course of common Conversation. As for Example, the Sun mentioned in ordinary Conversation, gives the Idea of a round flat shining Body, of about Two Foot Diameter. But the Sun occurring to us in Meditation, gives the Idea of avast and glorious Body, and the top of all the visible Creation, and the brightest material Image of the Divinity. I leave the Reader therefore to judge, if this Idea must not necessarily be attended with Admiration, and that Admiration I call Enthusiasm. So Thunder mentioned in common Conversation, gives an Idea of a black Cloud, and a great Noise, which makes no great Impression upon us. But the Idea of it occurring in Meditation, sets before us the most forcible, most resistless, and consequently the most dreadful Phenomenon in Nature: So that this Idea must move a great deal of Terror in us, and it is this sort of Terror that I call Enthusiasm. And it is this sort of Terror, or Admiration, or Horror, and so of the rest, which expressed in Poetry, make that Spirit, that Passion, and that Fire which so wonderfully please. Thus there are two sorts of Passions to be raised in Poetry, the Vulgar and the Enthusiastic, to which last, the Vulgar is preferable, because all Men are capable of being moved by the Vulgar, and a Poet writes to all: But the Enthusiastic are more subtle, and Thousands have no feeling and no notion of them; but where the Vulgar cannot be moved in a great degree, there the Enthusiastic are to be raised. Therefore in those parts of Epick Poetry, where the Poet speaks himself, or the Eldest of the Muses for him, the Enthusiastic Passions are to prevail, as likewise in the greater Ode. And the Vulgar Passions are to prevail in those parts of an Epick and Dramatick Poem, where the Poet introduces Persons holding Conversation together. And perhaps this might be one Reason, for which Aristotle might prefer Tragedy to Epick Poetry, because the Vulgar Passions prevail more in it, and are more violently moved in it, and therefore Tragedy must necessarily both please, and instruct more generally than Epick Poetry. We shall then treat of the Vulgar Passions when we come to speak of Tragedy, in which Poem they ought most to prevail; We shall then more particularly show the surest and most powerful ways of raising Compassion and Terror, which are the true Tragical Passions. We shall at present treat of the Enthusiastic Passions, and how they are to be raised. We have taken notice above that they are to be moved by Idea's occurring in Contemplation, that they are to be moved in a great degree, and yet justly and reasonably. We shall now show that the strongest Enthusiastic Passions, that are justly and reasonably raised, must be raised by religious Idea's, that is, by Idea's which either show the attributes