came (we adore him) to raise us on high; He came to atone the Revenge of a God, And he took up a Life to be able to die. IV. All Hell and its Lions stood Roaring around, His Flesh and his Spirit with Malice they tore; While Worlds of Sorrow lay pressing him down, As vast as the Burden of Sins that he bore. V. Fast bound in the Chains of Imperious Death The Infinite Captive a Prisoner lay, The Infinite Captive arose from the Earth, And leap't to the Hills of Ethereal Day. VI. Then mention no more of the Wrath of a God; Of the Lions of Hell and their Roarings no more; We lift up our Eyes to his Shining Abode, And our loudest Hosannahs his Name shall adore. VII. We crown the Triumpher with the Honors he won, Hosannah through all the Celestial Groves! The God and the Man! how he fills up his Throne! How He sits! how He shines! how He looks! how He Loves! VIII. O happy ye Heavens, and happy ye Hills Where he treads with his Feet and diffuseth his Grace, While Mercy and Majesty, Glories and Smiles Play gently around the sweet Air of his Face. IX. Amongst a (...) Choir of Archangels and Songs The Mighty Redeemer Eternally reigns, And the Sound of his Name from a Million of Tongues Flies over the bright Mountains and blesses the Plains. THE Day of Judgment. An ODE, Attempted in English Sapphick. I. WHEN the Fierce North Wind with his Airy Forces Rears up the Baltic to a foaming Fury, And the red Lightning with a Storm of Hail comes Rushing amain down, II. How the poor Sailers stand amazed and tremble! While the hoarse Thunder like a Bloody Trumpet Roars a loud onset to the gaping Waters Quick to devour them. III. Such shall the Noise be and the Wild disorder, (If things Eternal may be like these Earthly) Such the dire Terror when the great Archangel Shakes the Creation, IV. Tears the strong Pillars of the Vault of Heaven, Breaks up old Marble the Repose of Princes; See the Graves open, and the Bones arising, Flames all around 'em. V. Hark the shrill Outcries of the Guilty Wretches! Lively bright Horror and amazing Anguish Stare through their Eyelids, while the living Worm lies Gnawing within them. VI. Thoughts like old Vultures prey upun their Heartstrings, And the smart twinges, when their Eye beholds the Lofty Judge frowning, and a Flood of Vengeance Rolling before him. VII. Hopeless Immortals! how they scream and shiver While Devils push them to the Pit wide Yawning Hideous and gloomy, to receive them headlong Down to the Center. VIII. Stop here my Fancy: (All away ye horrid Doleful Ideas;) Come arise to Jesus, How he sits Godlike! And the Saints around him Throned and adoring! IX. O may I sit there when he comes Triumphant Dooming the Nations: Then arise to Glory, While our