all these lying wonders of the Gothic magicians, these grisly specter raised out of their own horror-creating fancies, when men loved to astonish and affright themselves, when every village had a ghost, the churchyards were all haunted, and every large common had a circle of fairies belonging to it, were at the dawn of reason, but that her growing splendor put them all to flight." "True," returned Sir Armine, "there wanted a reform in the world of fiction, and the revolution of letters effected this by compelling fancy to league at least with probability: -- in the end she became more obedient to the laws of nature; and, thus allied, the wildness and extravagance of the fable is chastened, and, as his lord ship has expressed it, the excellence of the moral, and the ingenuity of the contrivance, remained, after the magic of the old romances was perfectly dissolved. -- But he adds, what we have got by this revolution is a great deal of good sense: what we have lost is a world of fine fabling -- the illusion of which is so grateful to the charmed spirit." "Surely," said Olivia, who had been extremely attentive, as indeed had the whole party, "surely, that charmed spirit, in its chastened state, walks the world at this day, and can no longer be called unnatural or romantic. Takes it not a shape to reform, while it alarms, in many an antique dome and aweful forest? -- In these, it is, methinks, a spirit raised by genius in the cause of virtue. It comes like a benign angel to guard and warn the good, or like a threatening demon to terrify and punish the wicked. It is conscience personified: I consider it with a fond and sacred pleasure, mixed with a religious dread; but, at the same time, I hold in contempt those unnecessary and wanton, as well as impertinent apparitions, which the vulgar novelist conjures up merely to terrify his readers; to set before their eyes a literary maukin to scare and surprise -- avaunt such childish visions! -- vanish such useless specter! -- What are the pages in which they are said to groan and stalk, but fables of disgusting monsters, like the repositories of wild beasts, where curiosity is at once attracted and terrified by frightful deformities? But I cannot endure that these should have the honor to be classed with the productions I have described before." John had several times looked toward Olivia while she was speaking, with approving eyes: and Henry had as frequently taken her hand. Mr. Clare, and the rest of the families, were always pleased whenever her modest talents could be brought into display. Sir Armine and Henry entreated her to proceed. "Alas" said she, blushing, "from my own scanty stores I have nothing worth offering, but in the sensible Euphrasia Clara Reeve. I have found the most convincing arguments, drawn up in the most agreeable language. She informs me, that romances were the