to our ears, not in the shape of sounds, but as blows sufficient to split our heads. Our pronunciation has been so over-refined by false delicacy and affectation, that we have probably now lost much of the relish for that brief and expressive energy which is the fort of our language. We have banished the powerful guttural sounds which, in the Spanish, and some other languages, seem to double the force and extent of the organs of speech: the nations of most taste and feeling have retained those sounds; as the Arabians, the Spanish, the Scotch, Tuscans, etc.: a third species of articulation, and the most expressive, is thus added to the other two: those three species are the labial, the palatal, and the guttural. The r seems likewise to be in some danger of losing its force and powers in the overrefined and minced mode of speaking, of fashion and affectation. I am glad to see you affect and approve of brevity and simplicity; I think them essential in your poetry and the true sublime, and indispensable in our language. Study and acquire a facility of style and composition by all means, but not the art of spinning out a little matter into a long story, or a great book; that is beneath the dignity of a language whose force consists in its good sense and precision: your words should be all weight and substance, -- full measure pressed together, and running over, in a redundancy of sense, but not of sound: examples enough might be found to prove this doctrine. In your favorite Gibbon, I think you will find his best phrases are the brief and laconic, -- those that are most like Tacitus; but I suspect that the long and labored periods, of which he is probably the proudest, will least stand the test of time and good taste. The most powerful parts of Lord Chatham's eloquence were those compressed into the very essence of brevity; when he said, I rejoice that America resists, what a previous march and energy of thought was there expressed! We can astonish by the short and forcible ways of hitting our object, but not by overwhelming it in a torrent of words, unless it be by the suddenness and velocity, more than by the quantity, of that torrent; but even there, beware of false fire and false torrents. I know of but few, besides your Dean Swift, who have had taste enough to despise those tinsel beauties of conceit and affectation in our language. Let us not be led too far out of our way neither by the false glare of those fanciful fellows the poets: -- but I can excuse you young men being a little caught, at first, by the tinsel of our flourishers and versifiers; it is a fire that will cool by time and a maturer refinement. I think we have hardly had a poet, since Shakespeare and Milton, of a mind sufficiently universal; nor a speaker