action, blind emotions heave His bosom, and with loveliest frenzy caught From earth to heaven he rowls his daring eye, From heaven to earth. Anon ten thousand shapes, Like specter trooping to the wizard's call, Flit swift before him: from the womb of earth, From ocean's bed, they come: the eternal heavens Disclose their splendours, and the dark abyss Pours out her births unknown. With fixed gaze He marks the rising phantoms, now compares Their different forms, now blends them, now divides, Enlarges and extenuates by turns; Opposes, ranges in fantastic bands, And infinitely varies: hither now, Now thither, fluctuates his inconstant aim, With endless choice perplexed. At length his plan Begins to open, lucid order dawns, And as from Chaos old the jarring seeds Of Nature at the voice divine repaired Each to its place, till rosy earth unveiled Her fragrant bosom, and the joyful sun Sprung up the blue serene, by swift degrees Thus disentangled his entire design Emerges. Colors mingle, features join, And lines converge; the fainter parts retire, The fairer eminent in light advance, And every image on its neighbor smiles. A while he stands, and with a father's joy Contemplates, then with Promethean art Into its proper vehicle he breathes. 411. Into its proper vehicle, etc.] This relates to the different sorts of corporeal mediums by which the ideas of the artists are rendered palpable to the senses, as by sounds in music, by lines and shadows in painting, by diction in poetry, etc. The fair conception, which imbody'd thus And permanent becomes to eyes or ears An object ascertained; while thus informed The various organs of his mimick skill, The consonance of sounds, the featured rock, The shadowy picture and impassioned verse, Beyond their proper powers attract the soul By that expressive semblance, while in sight Of Nature's great original we scan The lively child of Art, while line by line And feature after feature we refer To that sublime exemplar whence it stole Those animating charms. Thus beauty's palm Betwixt them wavering hangs, applauding love Doubts where to choose, and mortal man aspires To tempt creative praise. As when a cloud Of gathering hail with limpid crusts of ice Enclosed, and obvious to the beaming sun, Collects his large effulgence, straight the heavens With equal flames present on either hand The radiant visage, Persia stands at gaze Appalled, and on the brink of Ganges doubts The snowy vested seer, in Mithra's name, To which the fragrance of the south shall burn, To which his warbled orisons ascend. Such various bliss the welltun'd heart enjoys Favored of Heaven, while plunged in sordid cares The unfeeling vulgar mocks the boon divine, And harsh Austerity, from whose rebuke Young Love and smiling Wonder shrink away, Abashed and chill of heart, with sager frowns Condemns the fair enchantment. On my strain Perhaps even now some cold fastidious judge Casts a disdainful eye, and calls my toil, And calls the love and beauty which I sing, The dream