Roman Commonwealth, makes the Heroes of it appear in their State of Pre-existence; but Milton does a far greater Honor to Mankind in general, as he gives us a Glimpse of them even before they are in Being. THE rising of this great Assembly is described in a very sublime and poetical Manner. Their rising all at once was as the sound Of Thunder heard remote -- THE Diversions of the fallen Angels, with the particular Account of their Place of Habitation, are described with great Pregnancy of Thought, and Copiousness of Invention. The Diversions are every way suitable to Beings who had Nothing left them but Strength and Knowledge misapplied. Such are their Contentions at the Race, and in Feats of Arms, with their Entertainment in the following Lines. Others with vast Typhaean Rage more fell Rend up both Rocks and Hills, and ride the Air In Whirlwind; Hell scarce holds the wild uproar. THEIR Music is employed in celebrating their own criminal Exploits, and their Discourse in sounding the unfathomable Depths of Fate, Free Will, and Foreknowledge. THE several Circumstances in the Description of Hell are finely imagined; as the four Rivers which disgorge themselves into the Sea of Fire, the Extremes of Cold and Heat, and the River of Oblivion. The monstrous Animals produced in that infernal World are represented by a single Line, which gives us a more horrid Idea of them, than a much longer Description would have done. -- Nature breeds, Perverse, all monstrous, all prodigious Things, Abominable, inutterable, and worse Than Fables yet have feigned, or fear conceived, Gorgons, and Hydra's, and Chimera's dire. THIS Episode of the fallen Spirits, and their Place of Habitation, comes in very happily to unbend the Mind of the Reader from its Attention to the Debate. An ordinary Poet would indeed have spun out so many Circumstances to a great Length, and by that Means have weakened, instead of illustrated, the principal Fable. THE Flight of Satan to the Gates of Hell is finely imaged. I have already declared my Opinion of the Allegory concerning Sin and Death, which is however a very finished Piece in its Kind, when it is not considered as a Part of an Epic Poem. The Genealogy of the several Persons is contrived with great Delicacy. Sin is the Daughter of Satan, and Death the Offspring of Sin. The incestuous Mixture between Sin and Death produces those Monsters and Hellhounds which from Time to Time enter into their Mother, and tear the Bowels of her who gave them Birth. These are the Terrors of an evil Conscience, and the proper Fruits of Sin, which naturally rise from the Apprehensions of Death. This last beautiful Moral is, I think, clearly intimated in the Speech of Sin, where complaining of this her dreadful Issue, she adds, Before mine Eyes in Opposition sits, Grim Death thy Son and Foe who sets them on. And me his Parent would full soon devour For want of other