beauties burst on me?) Pearl dropping groves bow to the sun; Seizing his beams, bright rivers run That dart redoubled day: Hope ye vain scenes to catch the mind To torpid sorrow all resigned, Or bid my heart be gay? False are those hopes! -- I turn -- I fly, Where no enchantment meets the eye, Or soft ideas stray. HORROR! I call thee from the mouldering tower, The murky churchyard, and forsaken bower, Where, 'midst unwholesome damps The vap'ry gleamy lamps Of ignes fatui show the thick-wove night, Where morbid MELANCHOLY sits, And weeps, and sings, and raves by fits, And to her bosom strains the fancied sprite. Or, if amidst the arctic gloom, Thou toilest at thy sable loom, Forming the hideous phantoms of Despair -- Instant thy grisly labors leave, With raven wing the concave cleave, Where floats, self-borne, the dense nocturnal air. Oh! bear me to the impending cliff Under whose brow the dashing skiff Beholds Thee seated on thy rocky throne; There, 'midst the shrieking wild wind's roar, Thy influence, HORROR, I Will adore, And, at thy magic touch, congeal to stone. Oh! hide the Moon's obtrusive orb, The gleams of every star absorb, And let CREATION be a moment thine! Bid billows dash; let whirlwinds roar, And the stern, rocky-pointed shore, The stranded bark, back to the waves resign! Then, whilst from yonder turbid cloud, Thou roll'st thy thunders long, and loud, And lightenings flash upon the deep below, Let the expiring Seaman's cry, The Pilot's agonizing sigh Mingle, and in the dreadful chorus flow! HORROR! far back thou dat'st thy reign; Ere KINGS the historic page could stain With records black, or deeds of lawless power; Ere empires Alexanders cursed, Or Faction, mad'ning Caesar's nursed, The frighted World received thy awful dower! Whose pen JEHOVAH's self inspired; He, who in eloquence attired, Led Israel's squadrons over the earth, Grandly terrific, paints thy birth. The ALMIGHTY, 'midst his fulgent seat on high, Where glowing Seraphs round his footstool fly, Beheld the wanton cities of the plain, With acts of deadly name his laws disdain; He gave the irrevocable sign, Which marked to man the hate divine; And sudden from the starting sky The Angels of his wrath bid fly! Then, HORROR! thou presided'st over the whole, And filled, and rapt, each self-accusing soul! Thou did ascend to guide the burning shower -- On THEE the Omnipotent bestowed the hour! 'Twas thine to scourge the sinful land, 'Twas thine to toss the fiery brand; Beneath thy glance the temples fell, And mountains crumble at thy yell. ONCE MORE thou wilt triumph in a fiery storm; ONCE MORE the Earth behold thy direful form; Then shall thou seek, as holy prophets tell, Thy native throne amidst the eternal shades of HELL! ANNA MATILDA. TO ANNA MATILDA. TO THEE a Stranger dares address his theme! To Thee, proud Mistress of Apollo's lyre; One ray emitted from thy golden gleam, Prompted by LOVE, would " set the World