a false and faithless Strand, Known only to our Cost for a devouring Tomb. Nor seemed the HURRICANE content, Whilst only Ships were wreckt, and Tackle rent; The Sailors too must fall a Prey, Those that Command, with those that did Obey; The best Supporters of thy pompous Style, Thou far Renowned, thou powerful BRITISH Isle! Foremost in Naval Strength, and Sovereign of the Sea! These from thy Aid that wrathful Night divides, Plunged in those Waves, over which this Title rides. What art thou, envied Greatness, at the best, In thy deluding Splendors dressed? What are thy glorious Titles, and thy Forms? Which cannot give Security, or Rest To favored Men, or Kingdoms that contest With Popular Assaults, or Providential Storms! Whilst on th'Omnipotent our Fate depends, And They are only safe, whom He alone defends. Then let to Heaven our general Praise be sent, Which did our farther Loss, our total Wreck prevent. And as our Aspirations do ascend, Let every Thing be summoned to attend; And let the Poet after God's own Heart Direct our Skill in that sublimer part, And our weak Numbers mend! Explanatory NOTES. (1) The Bishop's Palace at Wells was blown down, and killed Bishop Kidder with his Lady. (2) We had a great Shower of Rain in the amidst of the Storm. (3) The Ancients looked repon the Sun (or Phoebus) as Prophetic. (4) One Day of the Summer before the Storm, we had an unusual Appearance of the Sun (which was observed by many People in several Parts of Kent, It was of a pale dead Color, without any Beams or Brightness for some Hours in the Morning, although obstructed by no Clouds; for the Sky was clear. The HYMN. TO the Almighty on his radiant Throne, Let endless Hallelujas rise! Praise Him, ye wondrous Heights to us unknown, Praise Him, ye Heavens unreach'd by mortal Eye^ Praise Him, in your degree, ye sublunary Skies! Praise Him, you Angels that before him bow, You Creatures of Celestial frame, Our Guests of old, our wakeful Guardians now, Praise Him, and with like Zeal our Hearts inflame, Transporting then our Praise to Seats from whence you came! Praise Him, thou Sun in thy Meridian Force; Exalt Him, all ye Stars and Light! Praise Him, thou Moon in thy revolving Course, Praise Him, thou gentler Guide of silent Night, Which does to solemn Praise, and serious Thoughts invite. Praise Him, ye humid Vapors, which remain Unfrozen by the sharper Air; Praise Him, as you return in Showers again, To bless the Earth and make her Pastures fair: Praise Him, ye climbing Fires, the Emblems of our Prayer. Praise Him, ye Waters petrified above, Ye shredded Clouds that fall in Snow, Praise Him, for that you so divided move; Ye Hailstones, that you do no larger grow, Nor, in one solid Mass, oppress the World below. Praise Him, ye soaring Fowls, still as you fly, And on gay Plumes your Bodies raise; You Insects, which