ideas. If memory retain perceptions of other objects, it is impossible to preclude comparison. Counterpoint, in music, is the accompaniment which contrasts the general effect of the melody, as shade supports light in painting; not respecting any part singly, but sustaining and heightening each particular melody in the relative effect and proportion it bears to the whole. Uniformity is the contrast to variety, and minuteness the relative measure of magnitude. The inflected sharpnesses of visible objects, set off to advantage their protuberant roundings; the former lead to an idea of nonentity, the latter to a notion of plenitude and existence. Roundness, softness, and smoothness, are pleasing, but not by themselves: it is the rough and the sharp which give energy to composition; a general idea of beauty being consequent to an assemblage of every quality of matter, where the predominant signs of materiality and of gentle feeling are still set off by the obscure foil of their respective contraries or privations. An idea of light arises, as it were, out of darkness. Sound seems to originate from silence, and motion from rest. Even matter itself seems to emerge from the empty abyss of space; imagination, in all its conjunctions, like a skilful musician, still proceeding by the rule of contraries. When any object, however complete in its own nature, enters into composition, it then becomes a part of a greater whole, respecting which it must appear to hold a like relation as its own parts one to another; though even contrast itself must be in a manner contrasted. Thus small oppositions, uniting in effect, are formed into wholes, which, in their collective capacity, produce greater and more striking oppositions. SECT. VII. Of PERSONIFICATION. BUT though the simple ideas of horror be immediately borrowed from the privations of sense, it is otherwise when its images are personified. In this case, violent motion, and loud noise, succeed to rest and silence. Animated terror lightens through the gloom of darkness. Death darkly bounds from line to line, Loud tumults shake the field. Now, rushing in, the furious chief appears, Gloomy as night, and shakes two shining spears; A dreadful gleam from his bright armor came, And from his eye balls flashed the living flame. POPE'S HOM. IL. xii. 55^. The negative terrors of privation assume the form of positive destruction. Every thing that assails the senses violently, is personified; and life, clad in the armor of the foe, is apparently turned against itself. Indeed, wherever the elements are thrown into violent commotion and uproar, it amounts to a kind of personification: the metaphorical terms used on such occasions are always taken from ideas of real life; the wind roars, the sea rages, the heavens look angry, and the thunder appears to threaten destruction to the universe. And these seem to be the chief materials of what may be called the sentimental sublime, amounting only to the animation of those very causes which produced the sublime or terrible of the senses. Thus, by the