and fertilized. At the southern point, under impending mountains, lies the village of Patterdale. -- With this general idea of Ulleswater, let us return to the descent from Matterdale, where we caught the first view of it. As we descended a little further, the whole scene of the lake opened before us; and such a scene, as almost drew from us the apostrophe of the inraptured bard, Visions of glory, spare my aching sight! Among all the visions of this enchanting country, we had seen nothing so beautifully sublime, so correctly picturesque as this. -- And yet I am averse to make comparisons; especially on seeing a country but once. Much depends on the circumstances of light, and weather. I would wish therefore only to say, that I was more pleased with Ulleswater, than with any lake I had seen; adding, at the same time, that we were fortunate in a concurrence of incidents, that aided it is beauty. We had hitherto seen all the lakes we had visited, under a rough, or cloudy sky: and tho their dignity was certainly increased by that circumstance; yet the beauty of a lake in splendid, serene weather, aided, at this time, by the powers of contrast, made a wonderful impression on the imagination. "The effect of the sublime, Mr. Burke informs us, is astonishment; and the effect of beauty, is pleasure: but when the two ingredients mix, the effect, he says, is in a good measure destroyed in both. They constitute a species something different both from the sublime and beautiful, which I have before called fine: but this kind, I imagine, has not such a power on the passions, either as vast bodies have, which are endowed with the correspondent qualities of the sublime; or as the qualities of beauty have, when united in a small object. The affection produced by large bodies, adorned with the spoils of beauty, is a tention continually relieved; which approaches to the nature of mediocrity Sublime and beautiful, part IV. sect. 25. ." This refined reasoning does not seem entirely grounded on experience. -- I do not remember any scene in which beauty and sublimity, according to my ideas, are more blended than in this: and tho Mr. Burke's ideas of beauty are perhaps more exceptionable, than his ideas of the sublime; yet it happens, that most of the qualities, which he predicates of both, unite also in this scene. Their effect therefore, according to his argument, should be destroyed. But the feelings of every lover of nature, on viewing these scenes, I dare be bold to say, would revolt from such reasoning. The fore-ground of the grand view before us, is a part of Gobray-park, which belongs to the duke of Norfolk; rough, broken, and woody. Among the old oaks, which enriched it, herds of deer, and cattle grazed in groups. Beyond this is spread an extensive reach of the lake, winding round a rocky promontory on the left; which is the point of