or peculiarity, in a singular manner elude the powers of verbal description. They almost elude the power of colors. The soft and elegant form of beauty is hard to hit: while the strong, harsh feature is a mark, which every pencil can strike. But tho a peculiar difficulty attends the verbal description of these mild, and quiet haunts of nature; yet undoubtedly all her scenery is ill-attempted in language. Mountains, rocks, broken ground, water, and wood, are the simple materials, which she employs in all her beautiful pictures: but the variety and harmony, with which she employs them, are infinite. In description these words stand only for general ideas: on her charts each is detailed into a thousand varied forms. Words may give the great outlines of a scene. They can measure the dimensions of a lake. They can hang it is sides with wood. They can rear a castle on some projecting rock: or place an island near this, or the other shore. But their range extends no farther. They cannot mark the characteristic distinctions of each scene -- the touches of nature -- her living tints -- her endless varieties, both in form and color. -- In a word, all her elegant peculiarities are beyond their reach. Language is equally unable to convey these to the eye; as the eye is to convey the various divisions of sound to the ear. The pencil, it is true, offers a more perfect mode of description. It speaks a language more intelligible; and describes the scene in stronger, and more varied terms. The shapes, and hues of objects it delineates, and marks, with more exactness. It gives the lake the louring shade of tempest; or the glowing blush of sunset. It spreads a warmer, or a colder tint on the tufts of the forest. It adds form to the castle; and tips it is shattered battlements with light. -- But all this, all that words can express, or even the pencil describe, are gross, insipid substitutes of the living scene This is not at all inconsistent with what is said in the 119th page. Here we speak chiefly of the detail of nature's works: there of the composition. The nearer we approach the character of nature in every mode of imitation, no doubt the better: yet still there are many irregularities and deformities in the natural scene, which we may wish to correct -- that is, to correct, by improving one part of nature by another. . We may be pleased with the description, and the picture: but the soul can feel neither, unless the force of our own imagination aid the poet's, or the painter's art; exalt the idea; and picture things unseen. Hence it perhaps follows, that the perfection of the art of painting is not so much attained by an endeavor to form an exact resemblance of nature in a nice representation of all her minute parts, which we consider as almost impracticable, ending generally in flatness, and