shaggy sides, where mortal foot never yet approached. On these dreadful heights the eagles build their nests: A variety of waterfalls are seen pouring from their summits, and tumbling in vast sheets from rock to rock in rude and terrible magnificence: While on all sides of this immense amphitheatre the lofty mountains rise round, piercing the clouds in shapes as spiry and fantastic, as the very rocks of Dovedale. To this I must add the frequent and bold projection of the cliffs into the Lake, forming noble bays and promontories: In other parts they finely retire from it, and often open in abrupt casms or clefts, through which at h^^d, you see rich and cultivated vales, and beyond these at various distance, mountains rising over mountains; among which, new prospects present themselves in mist, till the eye is lost in an agreeable perplexity: Where active fancy travels beyond sense, And pictures things unseen. Were I to analyze the two places into their constituent principles, I should tell you that the full perfection of Keswick consists of three circumstances, beauty, horror, and immensity united; the second of which is alone found in Dovedale. Of beauty it has little: Nature having left it almost a desert: Neither its small extent, nor the diminutive and liveless form of the hills admit magnificence. But to give you a complete idea of these three perfections, as they are joined in Keswick, would require the united powers of Claude, Salvator, and Poussin. The first should throw his delicate sunshine over the cultivated vales, the scattered cots, the groves, the Lake, and wooded islands. The second should dash out the horror of the rugged cliffs, the steeps, the hanging woods; and foaming waterfalls; while the grand pencil of Poussin should crown the whole with the Majesty of the impending mountains. So much for what I would call the permanent beauties of this astonishing scene. Were I not afraid of being tiresome, I could now dwell as long on its varying or accidental beauties. I would sail round the Lake, anchor in every bay, and land you on every promontory and island. I would point the perpetual change of prospect; the woods, rocks, cliffs, and mountains, by turns vanishing or rising into view: Now gaining on the sight, hanging over our heads in their full dimensions, beautifully dreadful; and now, by a change of situation, assuming new romantic shapes, retiring and lessening on the eye, insensibly losing themselves in an azure mist. I would remark the contrast of light and shade, produced by the morning and evening sun; the one gilding the western, and the other the eastern side of this immense amphitheatre; while the vast shadow projected by the mountains buries the opposite part in a deep and purple gloom, which the eye can hardly penetrate. The natural variety of coloring which the several objects produce is no less wonderful and pleasing: The ruling ^^nts in the valley being those of azure, green, and gold, yet ever