pines: The crystal waters weep away, And bear the tidings to the sea: Neptune in the boisterous seas Spreads the placid bed of peace, While each blast, Or breathes its last, Or just does sigh a symphony and cease. IV. Behold Arion -- on the stern he stands, Palled in theatrical attire, To the mute strings he moves the enlivening hands, Great in distress, and wakes the golden lyre: While in a tender Orthian strain He thus accosts the mistress of the main: By the bright beams of Cynthia's eyes, Through which your waves attracted rise, And actuate the hoary deep; By the secret coral cell, Where Love, and Joy, and Neptune dwell, And peaceful floods in silence sleep; By the sea-flowers, that immerge Their heads around the grotto's verge, Dependent from the stooping stem; By each roof-suspended drop, That lightly lingers on the top, And hesitates into a gem; By thy kindred watery gods, The lakes, the rivulets, founts and floods, And all the Powers that live unseen Underneath the liquid green; Great Amphitrite (for thou can bind The storm, and regulate the wind) Hence waft me, fair Goddess, oh waft me away, Secure from the men, and the monsters of prey! V. He sung -- The winds are charmed to sleep, Soft stillness steals along the deep, The Tritons and the Nereids sigh In soul-reflecting sympathy, And all the audience of waters weep. But Amphitrite her dolphin sends -- the same, Which erst to Neptune brought the nobly perjured dame. -- Pleased to obey, the beauteous monster flies, And on his scales as the gilt sunbeams play, Ten thousand variegated dies In copious streams of luster rise, Rise over the level main, and signify his way. -- And now the joyous Bard, in triumph bore, Rides the voluminous wave, and makes the wished for shore. Come, ye festive, social throng, Who sweep the lyre, or pour the song, Your noblest melody employ, Such as becomes the mouth of Joy; Bring the sky-aspiring thought, With bright expression richly wrought; And hail the Muse ascending on her throne, The main at length subdued, and all the world her own. VI. But over the affections too she claims the sway, Pierces the human heart, and steals the soul away; And as attractive sounds move high or low, The obedient ductile passions ebb and flow. Has any nymph her faithful lover lost, And in the visions of the night, And all the day-dreams of the light, In Sorrow's tempest turbulently tossed -- From her cheeks the roses die, The radiations vanish from her sun-bright eye, And her breast, the throne of love, Can hardly, hardly, hardly move, To send the ambrosial sigh. But let the skilful Bard appear, And pour the sounds medicinal in her ear: Sing some sad, some plaintive ditty, Steept in tears that endless flow, Melancholy notes of pity, Notes that mean a worldof woe; She too shall sympathize, she too shall moan, And pitying others sorrows sigh away