To give the fire its course; thus Chaos wild Hissing recoils to let in floods of light. Above the throne, the ideas heavenly bright, Of past, of present, and of coming time Fixed their immov'd abode, and there present An endless landscape of created things To sight celestial, where angelic eyes Are lost in prospect; for the shiny range, Boundless and various, in its bosom bears Millions of full-proportion'd worlds, beheld With steadfast eyes, till more arise to view, And farther inward scenes start up unknown. Myriads of seraphs in long series wait About the throne, and as it moves, proceed In numerous order, to celestial song. Above, the symphony of mellow flutes, And harps, by flying angels gently touched, Relieve the trumpet's rage, and fitly blend The solemn sounds in harmony divine; Such as might tune new worlds, and give the laws To globes on high, and the just figure guide Of planets forming all their airy dance. Below, the blazing wheels drive bounding over The starry pavement; stars and hills of light Double their glories where the chariot rolls With rattling sound; and the empyraeum vast Down to its steadfast axis, groans throughout Under the burning tracts, 'till now it rests Upon the gaping brink of heaven; and there With open pomp, fills the vast empty space. Silence ensues; a deep and aweful pause More terrible, all expectation held In horror; now wrath imminent amazed With dreadful precipice, to all it seems More formidable near; then from the throne A vocal thunder rolled the sense of God, Majestically long, repugnant all To princes' customs here; their judgments flash On guilt, with words concise, and sudden blaze. Quite otherwise, the God's enlarged speech Set wide the fate of things; that all around Might take full prospects of their coming doom. Servants of God! and Virtues great in arms; We approve your faithful works, and you return Blessed from the dire pursuit of rebel foes; Resolved, obdurate, they have tried the force Of this right hand, and known Almighty power; Transfixed with lightning down they sunk, they fell Into the fiery gulf, and deep they plunge Below the burning waves, to hide their heads In shelter from my vengeance bellowing hence More fierce, and scorching with more dreadful fires. There let 'em find their doom, that durst defy Omnipotence, and slight his proffered grace; Rolling in flames, and never to find a dawn Of heavenly day; instead, the mind imbibes Eternal gloom, and singed with constant flames, Can find no ease; while fierce their boiling rage Eats through the impyreal mould, and glows within With endless pain; not one repentant thought Shall cool the breast, but proud in horrid crime, The soul anneals and hardens in the fire. But you commissioned by commands divine, Have wisely filled your trust, and closed 'em all Within the fervid lake, lest any roam Into the dark abyss to shun their doom, And in the womb immense of things unborn Should seek annihilation; you