Tempest. (of azure hue Whose mantle, bound with bread aetherial, flowed To each soft breeze its balmy breath that drew) Swift down the sunbeams of the noontide rode. Obedient to the necromantic sway Of an old sage to solitude resigned, With fenny vapors he obscured the day, Launched the long lightning, and let loose the wind. He whirled the tempest through the howling air, Rattled the dreadful thunderclap on high, And raised the roaring elemental war Betwixt the seagreen waves and azure sky. Then, like heaven's mild ambassador of love To man repentant, bade the tumult cease, Smoothed the blue bosom of the realms above, And hushed the rebel elements to peace. Unlike to this in spirit or in mien Another form Caliban in the Tempest. succeeded to my view; A two-legg'd brute which Nature made in spleen, Or from the loathing womb unfinished drew. Scarce could he syllable the curse he thought, Prone were his eyes to earth, his mind to evil, A carnal fiend to imperfection wrought, The mongrel offspring of a Witch and Devil. Next bloomed, upon an ancient forest's bound, The flowery margin Fairy-land from the Midsummer Night's Dream. of a silent stream, O'er-arch'd by oaks with ivy mantled round, And gilt by silver CYNTHIA'S maiden beam. On the green carpet of the unbended grass, A dapper train of female fairies played And eyed their gambols in the watery glass, That smoothly stole along the shad'wy glade. Through these the queen TITANIA passed adored, Mounted aloft in her imperial car, Journeying to see great OBERON her lord Wage the mock battles of a sportive war. Armed cap-a-pee forth marched the fairy king, A slouter warrior never took the field, His threatening lance a hornet's horrid sting, The sharded beetle's scale his sable shield. Around their chief the elfin host appeared; Each little helmet sparkled like a star, And their sharp spears in pierceless phalanx reared, A grove of thistles, glittered in the air. The scene then changed, from this romantic land, To a bleak waste by bound'ry unconfined, Where three swart sisters The witches in Macbeth. of the weird band Were mutt'ring curses to the troublous wind. Pale Want had withered every furrowed face, Bowed was each carcass with the weight of years, And each sunk eye-ball from its hollow case Distilled cold rheum's involuntary tears. Horsed on three staves they posted to the bourn Of a drear island, where the pendant brow Of a rough rock, shagg'd horribly with thorn, Frowned on the boisterous waves which raged below. Deep in a gloomy grot remote from day, Where smiling Comfort never showed her face, Where light never entered, save one rueful ray Discov'ring all the terrors of the place, They held damned myst'ries with infernal state, Whilst ghastly specter glided slowly by, The scritch-owl scream'd the dying call of fate, And ravens croak'd their baleful augury. No human footstep cheered the dread abode, Nor sign of living creature could be seen, Save where the reptile snake,