thundering Aetna pours From her convulsed and flaming entrails whelmed In one wide ruin every noble spark Of pristine virtue, genius, wisdom, wit? Ah no! the elements are not in fault; Nature is still the same: It Is not the blast From Afric's burning sands, it is the breath Of Spain's despotic master lays thee low; It Is not alone the quaking earth that reels Under thy tottering cities, it is the fall Of freedom, it is the pit which slavery digs, That buries every virtue; it is the flood Of superstition, the insatiate fires Of persecuting zealots that devour thee; These are the Titans who disturb thy peace, This is thy grave, O Sicily! the hell Deeper than that, which heathen poets feigned Under thy burning mountain, that engulphs Each grace and every muse, arts, arms and all That elegance inspires or fame records. Return, ye victims of caprice and spleen, Ye summer friends, daughters more fitly called Than sons of Albion, to your native shores Return, self-exiles as you are, and face This only tyrant which our isle endures, This hoary-headed terror of the year, Stern winter -- What, though in his icy chains Imprisoned for a time even father Thames Checks his imperial current, and beholds His wealthy navigation in arrest, Yet soon, like Perseus on his winged steed, Forth from the horns of the celestial Ram Spring, his deliverer, comes -- down, down at once The frighted monster dives into the earth, Or bursts asunder with a hideous crash, As through his stubborn ribs the all-conqu'ring sun Drives his refulgent spear: The ransomed floods, As at a signal, rise and clap their hands; The mountains shout for joy; the laughing hours Dance over the eastern hills and in the lap Of marriageable earth their odours fling, Wreaths of each vernal flowret, whilst the choir Of feathered songsters make the groves resound With Nature's hy^enaeals -- all is joy. Hail, bounteous Spring! primaeval season, hail! Nature's glad herald! who to all the tribes That link creation's scale, from lordly man To the small insect, that eludes his sight, Proclaims that universal law of life, The first great blessing of the newborn world, Increase and multiply! -- No sooner heard By sultry climes, than strait the rebel sun Mounts his bright throne, and over the withering earth Scatters his bold Titanian fires around, And cancels Heaven's high edict; Nature feels Quick growth and quick decay; the verdant scene Glitters awhile and vanishes at once. Not such the tints that Albion's landscape wears, Her mantle dipped in never-fading green, Keeps fresh its vernal honors through the year; Soft dew-drops nurse her rose's maiden bloom, And genial showers refresh her vivid lawn. Through other lands indignant of delay Spring travels homeward with a stranger's haste; Here he reposes, dwells upon the scene Enamored, native here prolongs his stay, And when his fiery successor at length Warns him from hence, with lingering step and slow, And many a stream of falling