Like ours, in sad similitude of woe, Shall drop one tender, sympathizing tear, Prepare the garland, and adorn the bier; Our lifeless relics in one tomb enshrine, And teach thy genial dust to mix with mine. Mean while, divinely purged from every stain, Our active souls shall climb the etherial plain, To each bright cherub's purity aspire, Catch ali his zeal, and pant with all his fire; There, where no face the glooms of anguish wears, No uncle murders, and no passion tears, Enjoy with heaven eternity of rest, For ever blessing, and for ever blessed. DEATH: BY CHARLES EMILY, ESQUIRE. I. THE festive roar of laughter, the warm glow Of brisk-ey'd joy, and friendship's genial bowl. Wit's seasoned converse, and the liberal flow Of unsuspicious youth, profuse of soul, Delight not ever; from the boisterous scene Of riot far, and Comus' wild uproar, From folly's crowd, whose vacant brow serene Was never knit to wisdom's srowning lore, Permit me, ye time-hallow'd domes, ye piles Of rude magnificence, your solemn rest, Amid your fretted vaults and lengthening isles, Lonely to wander; no unholy guest, That means to break, with sacrilegious tread, The marble slumbers of your monumented dead. II. Permit me with sad musings, that inspire Unlabored numbers apt, your silence drear Blameless to wake, and with the Orphean lyre Fitly attemper'd, sooth the merciless ear Of Hades, and stern death, whose iron sway Great nature owns through all her wide domain; All that with oary sin cleave their smooth way Through the green bosom of the spawny main, And those that to the streaming ether spread, In many a wheeling glide, their feathery sail; And those that creep; and those that statelier tread, That roam over forest, hill, or browsed dale; The victims each of ruthless fate must fall; Even God's own image, man, high paramount of all. III. And ye, the young, the giddy, and the gay, That startle from the sleepful lid of light The curtain'd rest, and with the dissonant bray Of Bacchus, and loud jollity, affright Yon radiant goddess, that now shoots among These many windowed isles her glimmering beam; Know, that or ever its starr'd career along Thrice shall have rolled her silvery-wheeled team, Some parent breast may heave the answering sigh, To the slow pauses of the funeral knoll; Even now black Atropos, with scowling eye, Roars in the laugh, and revels over the bowl, Even now in rosy-crowned pleasure's wreath Entwines in adder folds all-unsuspected Death. IV Know, on the stealing wing of time shall flee Some few, some short-lived years; and all is past; A future bard these awful domes may see, Muse over the present age as I the last; Who mouldering in the grave, yet once like you; The various maze of life were seen to tread, Each bent their own peculiar to pursue, As custom urged or wilful nature led; Mixed with the various crowds inglorious clay, The nobler virtues undistinguished lie; No more to melt with beauty's