screech-owl's note, who builds his bower Amid the mouldering caverns, dark and damp, Or the calm breeze, that rustles in the leaves Of flaunting ivy, that with mantle green Invests some wasted tower. Or let me tread Its neighboring walk of pines, where mused of old The cloyster's brother: through the gloomy void That far extends beneath their ample arch As on I pace, religious horror wraps My soul in dread repose. But when the world Is clad in Midnight's raven-colour'd robe, 'Mid hollow charnels let me watch the flame Of taper dim, shedding a livid glare Over the wan heaps; while airy voices talk Along the glimmering walls: or ghostly shape, At distance seen, invites with beck'ning hand My lonesome steps through the far-winding vaults. Nor undelightful is the solemn noon Of night, when happily wakeful from my couch I start: lo, all is motionless around! Roars not the rushing wind; the sons of men And every beast in mute oblivion lie; All nature's hushed in silence and in sleep. O then how fearful is it to reflect, That through the still globe's aweful solitude No being wakes but me! still stealing sleep, My drooping temples bathes in opiate dews. Nor then let dreams, of wanton folly born, My senses lead through flowery paths of joy; But let the sacred Genius of the night Such mystic visions send, as Spenser saw, When through bewild'ring Fancy's magic maze, To the fell house of Busyrane he led The unshaken Britomart; or Milton knew, When in abstracted thought he first conceived All heaven in tumult, and the Seraphim Come towering, armed in adamant and gold. Let others love soft Summer's evening smiles, As, listening to the distant water-fall, They mark the blushes of the streaky west; I choose the pale December's foggy glooms. Then, when the sullen shades of evening close, Where through the room a blindly-glimm'ring gleam The dying embers scatter, far remote From Mirth's mad shouts, that through the illumined roof Resound with festive echo, let me sit, Blessed with the lowly cricket's drowsy dirge. Then let my thought contemplative explore This fleeting state of things, the vain delights, The fruitless toils, that still our search elude, As through the wilderness of life we rove. This sober hour of silence will unmask False Folly's smiles, that like the dazzling spells Of wily Comus cheat the unweeting eye With blear illusion, and persuade to drink That charmed cup, which Reason's mintage fair Unmoulds, and stamps the monster of the man. Eager we taste, but in the luscious draught Forget the poisonous dregs that lurk beneath. Few know that elegance of soul refined, Whose soft sensation feels a quicker joy From Melancholy's scenes, than the dull pride Of tasteless splendour and magnificence Can ever afford. Thus Eloise, whose mind Had languish'd to the pangs of melting love, More genuine transport found, as on some tomb Reclined, she watched the tapers of the dead; Of through the pillar'd isles, amid pale shrines Of