glory wore, Her honored hand the sacred volume bore, Her raiment glittering seemed a silver white, And all her sweet companions sons of light. Strait as I gazed my fear and wonder grew, Fear barred my voice, and wonder ^ix'd my view, When lo! a cherub of the shining crowd That sailed as guardians in her azure cloud, Fanned the soft air and downward seemed to glide, And to my lips a living coal applied; Then while the warmth on all my pulses ran, Diffusing comfort, thus the maid began. 'Where glorious mansions are prepared above, 'The seats of Music, and the seats of Love, 'Thence I descend, and PIETY my name, 'To warm thy bosom with celestial flame, 'To teach thee praises mixed with humble prayers, 'And tune thy soul to sing seraphic airs; 'Be thou my bard.' A vial here she caught, (An angel's hand the crystal vial brought) And as with awful sound the word was said, She poured a sacred unction on my head, Then thus proceeded. 'Be thy muse thy zeal, 'Dare to be good, and all my joys reveal; 'While other pencils flattering forms create, 'And paint the gaudy plumes that deck the great; 'While other pens exalt the vain delight, 'Whose wasteful revel wakes the depth of night; 'Or others softly sing in idle lines, 'How Damon courts, or Amaryllis shines; 'More wisely thou select a theme divine; ''Tis Fame's their recompense, it is Heaven is thine. 'Despise the fervours of unhallowed fire, 'Where wine, or passion, or applause inspire, 'Low restless life, and ravings born of earth, 'Whose meaner subjects speak their humble birth; 'Like working seas, that when loud Winters blow, 'Not made for rising, only rage below: 'Mine is a great, and yet a lasting heat, 'More lasting still, as more intensely great, 'Produc'd where prayer, and praise, and pleasure breathe, 'And ever mounting whence it shot beneath. 'Unpaint the Love that hovering over beds, 'From glittering pinions guilty pleasure sheds, 'Restore the color to the golden mines 'With which behind the feathered idol shines; 'To flow'ring greens give back their native care, 'The rose and lily never his to wear; 'To sweet Arabia send the balmy breath, 'Strip the fair flesh, and call the phantom Death; 'His bow be sabled over, his shafts the same, 'And fork and point them with eternal flame. 'But urge thy powers, thine utmost voice advance, 'Make the loud strings against thy fingers dance, ''Tis Love that angels praise, and men adore, ''Tis Love Divine that asks it all and more: 'Fling back the gates of ever-blazing day, 'Pour floods of liquid light to gild the way, 'And all in glory wrapped, through paths untrod, 'Pursue the great unseen descent of GOD! 'Hail the meek VIRGIN, bid the CHILD appear, 'The CHILD is GOD! and call him JESUS here; 'He comes; but where to rest? a manger's nigh, 'Make the GREAT BEING in a manger lie; 'Fill the wide skies with angels on the