striking whole. Their artists distinguish three different species of scenes, to which they give the appellations of Pleasing, Horrid, and Enchanted. Their enchanted scenes correspond, in a great measure, with what we call Romantic; and in these they make use of several artifices to excite surprise. Sometimes a rapid stream, or torrent, shall rush under ground, and its turbulent noise, shall strike the ear of a passer-by, without knowing from whence it proceeds. At other times, they will dispose the rocks, buildings, and other objects that form the composition, in such a manner, that the wind shall whistle through the different passages and cavities made in them for the purpose, and cause other uncommon sounds. They introduce into these scenes, all kinds of extraordinary trees, plants, and flowers; form artificial and complicated echoes; and let loose different sorts of monstrous birds and animals. In their scenes of Horror, they introduce impending rocks, dark caverns, bottomless abysses, and impetuous cataracts; rushing, and tumbling down the mountains, on all sides. The trees are ill-formed, seemingly torn to pieces by violent tempests; some are thrown up by the roots, and intercept the course of the torrent, appearing as if brought down by the fury of the waters; others look as if shattered and blasted by the force of lightning; the buildings, some in ruins, and here and there a miserable hut dispersed in the mountains, serve at once to indicate the existence, and wretchedness of the inhabitants. These dreadful scenes, are generally succeeded by pleasing ones. Knowing how powerfully contrast operates upon the mind, the Chinese artists constantly practice sudden transitions, and a striking opposition of forms, colors, and shades; thus they conduct you from limited prospects, to extensive views; from objects of horror, to scenes of delight; from lakes and rivers, to plains, hills, and woods; to dark and gloomy colors, they oppose such as are brilliant, and to complicated forms, simple ones; distributing, by a judicious arangement, the different masses of light and shade, in such a way, as to render the composition at once distinct in its parts, and yet striking in the whole. When the ground is extensive, and a multiplicity of scenes are to be introduced, they generally adapt each to one single point of view; but where it is limited, and affords no room for variety, they endeavor to remedy this defect, by disposing the objects so, that, being viewed from different points, they produce different representations; and, sometimes, by an artful disposition, such as have no resemblance to each other. In their large gardens, they contrive different scenes, for morning, noon, and evening; erecting, at proper points of view, buildings adapted to the recreations of each particular time of the day: and, in the small ones (where, as has been observed, one arrangement produces many representations) they disperse, in the same manner, at the several points of view, buildings, which, A CHINESE VILLA for their use, point out the time of day, for enjoying the scene