sickliest Grain, Earth, Air, and Firmament be sought in vain, The Tract forgot where Constellations shone, Or where Great Stuarts blessed an Earthly Throne, Time shall be slain; Days, Months, Years, all swept by, All drown in fathomless Eternity, And Heaven and Hell alone the mighty Void supply. The Old World's Prophecies aloud proclaim, And Sacred Authors seal the Heaven-born Fame, Sooner or later, in some future Date, Fixed, but locked up in the dark Book of Fat^ When Scenes are changed on this revolvi^ Ear^ And ancient Falling give new Empires Birth; When other Bourbons rule in other Lands, And (if Man's Sin forbids not) other ANNE^ When Crowns perhaps shall gild a Sulta^ Frow^ And Turbant's nod on European Throne, While Arts and Arms move on, and Pride a^ Gai^ And Lust bind Mortals in their ancient Chain^ While the still busy World is treading over The Paths they trod Five thousand Years before Thoughtless as those who now Life's Man ru^ Of Earth dissolved, or an extinguished Sun; Thick Globes of Darkness shall arise on Day, In sudden Hell all Earth's Dominions lay; Deep Night invade the Circle of the Sun, And bloody Horrors blot the Silver Moon; From inmost Heaven continued Thunder roll, Whilst the strong Echo bounds from Pole to Pole^ Then a vast Trump (one Half in Cloud concealed, One Half to Man's astonished Race revealed) Shall pour a dreadful Note: The piercing Call Shall rattle in the Center of the Ball; Earth's deepest Bowels glow with darting Pain, And her huge Body throb through every Vein, The solid Mass with fierce Convulsions shake, The Living die with Horror, Dead awake. Oh powerful Blast! to which no equal Sound Did ever the tortured Ear of Nature wound; Though Rival Clarions have been strained on high, And kindled Wars immortal through the Sky; Though Gods whole Engin'ry discharged, and all The Rebel Angels bellowed at their Fall. The TATLER. [No 28. Morte carent Animae; semperque priore relicta ^ede, novis Domibus vivunt habitantque receptae. ^pse ego (nam memini) Trojani Tempore Belli Panthoides Euphorbus eram -- Ovid. Met. From Thursd. Mar. 22. to Saturd. Mar. 24. 1710. From my own Apartment, March 22. MY other Correspondents will excuse me, if I give the Precedence to a Lady, whose Letter, amongst many more, is just come to Hand. Dear Isaac, I Burn with Impatience to know what and who you are. The Curiosity of my whole Sex is fallen upon me, and has kept me waking these Three Nights. I have dreamed often of you within this Fortnight, and every Time you appeared in a different Form. As you value my Repose, tell me in which of them I am to be Your Admirer, SYLVIA It is natural for a Man who receives a Favor of this Kind from an unknown Fair, to frame immediately some Idea of her Person which being suited to the Opinion we have of our own Merit, is commonly as beautiful and perfect