strong alarms! And will no guardian power above From ruin save the son of Jove? Ah! shall that soft delicious chain The godlike victim thus enslave; Kind heaven his sinking soul sustain, And from perdition snatch the brave! -- By heavenly mandate Virtue came, To wake the slumbering sparks of fame, To kindle and arouse the dying flame. Swift as the quivering needle wheels, Whose point the magnet's influence feels; Impressed with filial awe, The wondering hero saw Her form transcendent shine With majesty divine; And while he viewed the holy maid, His heart a sacred impulse swayed: His eyes with eager tumult roll, As on each rival-nymph they bend, Whilst love, regret, and hope divide his soul By turns, and with conflicting anguish rend. But soon he felt fair Virtue's voice compose The painful struggle of intestine woes: He felt her balm each pang destroy: And all the numbers of his heart, Retun'd by her celestial art, Now swelled to strains of nobler joy. Thus tutored by her magic lore, His happy steps the realms explore, Where guilt and error are no more: The clouds that veiled his intellectual ray, Before her breath dispelling, melt away. Broke loose from Pleasure's glittering chain, He scorned the soft inglorious reign: Convinced, resolved, to Virtue then he turned, And in his breast paternal glory burned. So when on Britain's other hope she shone, Like him the royal youth she won: Thus taught, he flies the peaceful shore, And bids our warlike fleet advance, The hostile squadrons to explore, To curb the powers of Spain and France: Alost his martial ensigns flow! And hark! his brazen trumpets blow! The watery profound, Awaked by the sound, All trembles around: While Edward over the azure fields Fraternal thunder wields: High on the deck behold he stands, And views around his floating bands In awful order join; They, while the warlike trumpet's strain Deep-sounding, swells along the main, Extend the embattled line. Now with shouting peals of joy, The ships their horrid tubes display, Tier over tier in terrible array, And wait the signal to destroy. The sailors all burn to engage: Hark! hark! their shouts arise, And shake the vaulted skies! Exulting with Bacchanal rage; While Britain in thunder arrayed, Her standard of battle displayed! Then Neptune that standard revere, Whose power is superior to thine! And when her proud squadrons appear, The trident and chariot risign! Albion, wake thy grateful voice! Let thy hills and vales rejoice! Over remotest hostile regions Thy victorious flags are known; Thy resistless martial legions Dreadful stride from zone to zone: Thy flaming bolts unerring roll, And all the trembling globe control. Thy seamen, invincibly true, No menace, no fraud can subdue: All dissonant strife they disclaim; And only are rivals in fame. For Edward tune your harps, ye Nine! Triumphant strike each living string! For him in extacy divine, Your choral Io Paeans sing! For him your festal concerts breathe! For him your flowery garlands wreathe! Wake! O