'And gorgeous Dames, and Statesmen old 'In bearded majesty, appear. 'In the midst a Form divine! 'Her eye proclaims her of the Briton-Line; 'Her lyon-port, her awe-commanding face, 'Attemper'd sweet to virgin-grace. 'What strings symphonious tremble in the air, 'What strains of vocal transport round her play! 'Hear from the grave, great Taliessin Taliessin, Chief of the Bards, flourished in the VIth Century. His works are still preserved, and his memory held in high veneration among his Countrymen. , hear; 'They breathe a soul to animate thy clay. 'Bright rapture calls, and soaring, as she sings, 'Wave in the eye of Heaven her many-colour'd wings. III. 3. 'The verse adorn again 'Fierce War, and faithful Love, 'And Truth severe, by fairy Fiction dressed. 'In buskined measures move 'Pale Grief, and pleasing Pain, 'With Horror, Tyrant of the throbbing breast. 'A Voice, as of the Cherub-Choir, 'Gales from blooming Eden bear; 'And distant warblings lessen on my ear, 'That lost in long futurity expire. 'Fond impious Man, think thou, yon sanguine cloud, 'Rais'd by thy breath, has quenched the Orb of day? 'To-morrow he repairs the golden flood, 'And warms the nations with redoubled ray. 'Enough for me: With joy I see 'The different doom our Fates assign. 'Be thine Despair, and sceptered Care, 'To triumph, and to die, are mine.' He spoke, and headlong from the mountain's height Deep in the roaring tide he plunged to endless night. POSTSCRIPT. HAVING now, by the advice and assistance of my friends, brought this Collection of POEMS to a competent size, it has been thought proper that the farther progress of its growth should here be stopped. From the loose and fugitive pieces, some printed, others in manuscript, which for forty or fifty years past have been thrown into the world, and carelessly left to perish; I have here, according to the most judicious opinions I could obtain in distinguishing their merits, endeavored to select and preserve the best. The favorable reception which the former volumes have met with, demands my warmest acknowledgments, and calls for all my care in completing the Collection; and in this respect, if it appear that I have not been altogether negligent, I shall hope to be allowed the merit, which is all I claim, of having furnished to the Public an elegant and polite Amusement. Little more need be added, than to return my thanks to several ingenious friends, who have obligingly contributed to this Entertainment. If the reader should happen to find, what I hope he seldom will, any pieces which he may think unworthy of having been inserted; as it would ill become me to attribute his dislike of them to his own want of Taste, so I am too conscious of my own deficiencies not to allow him to impute the insertion of them to mine. R. DODSLEY. INDEX to the Sixth Volume. HYmn to the Naiads, 1746 Page 1 Ode to the Right Hon. Francis E. of Huntingdon, 1747 Page 15 Ode to