on Friendship's list enrolled, 'Th'entrusted secret of his sold untold. 'Woe to that Chief, and blasted be his fame, 'Whose mean soul chills Affection's holy flame; 'Forgetting that he once, with zeal impressed, 'Drank the pure drops that flowed from Friendship's breast. 'Now to the realm, ye hallowed Bards, impart 'This truth, and touch with joy the human heart, 'In man's too transient perishable frame 'A glowing unabating fire proclaim, 'Which, as that frame lies mouldering into clay, 'Shall through the encircling ruin burst its way: 'Thus when a torrent of impetuous rain 'Drowns the low nest that trusted to the plain; 'High soars the bird beyond Destruction's flow, 'And owns no kindred with the wreck below. 'Then over some stately tomb's dim entrance bend, 'And from the daring harp unerring send '(As from the sounding bow with vigor sped) 'The darts of harmony that wake the dead. ' -- Be too of prophecy the dreadful lords, 'And strike the solemn, deep, mysterious chords; 'Skill'd to reveal futurity's dark laws, 'Inforce the song with many an awful pause. 'In sounds that terrify the soul disclose '(Veiled in the womb of time) destructive woes: 'Say whirlwinds shall provoke the roaring main; 'Say stars shall drop like glittering gems of rain: 'Say Fenris, bursting from his time-worn chains, 'Shall bear wild horror through the Runic plains; 'Doom'd while the course of havoc he shall run, 'With jaws outstretch'd to rend the falling sun. 'Say the gigantic ship, the floating world, 'Shall, on the iron rock of ruin hurled, 'Sink -- like a dream that, rushing from the mind, 'Leaves not a glimmering of its pomp behind 'Ye bold Enthusiasts, join the warlike train, 'When true to fame they seek the hostile plain; 'Bid the loud harp delight the valiant throng, 'And add the forceful eloquenc of song. 'Thinn'd of his numbers, mark the struggling Chief 'Encircled close, and severed from relief: 'Now strike the cheering harp -- it is heard no more, 'Lost in the conflict's wild increasing roar. 'Yet strike again, yet strike the note profound, 'I to the Chief will waft the inspiring sound; 'Till through the pressure of the battle's storm, 'He over the slain a rugged path shall form. 'Thus on the main when frozen fragments sail, 'And with huge mounds oppose the giant whale; 'The ocean's lord, enraged at the delay, 'Thro' stubborn crashing ice-rocks bursts his way. 'Now round some death-struck Chief in silence throng, 'While thus he breathes his own historic song: -- Though gash'd with wounds, unwounded is my fame, In the war's field I chased the flying game; Wrapped in the jealous veil of lingering night, Did we not chide the time's reluctant flight? Did not our voices hail the morning ray, Shouting the matins of the important day? When foreign streamers glittered to our view, How swift our weapons from the scabbards flew! 'Twas joy to see the riven helmets fly, 'Twas joy to swell confusion's thundering cry, 'Twas joy to see