merit. How can we bear to hear a mathematician say, "If Saturn should happen to be removed, the remotest of his satellites would probably take his place, since great princes always keep their successors at a distance." It is intolerable, when speaking of Hercules understanding physics, to say that there was no resisting a philosopher of his force. The desire of sparkling and surprising is too frequently the cause of excesses of this kind. This trifling vanity has also produced the playing upon words in every language, which is the worst sort of false wit. False taste is very different from false wit, as the latter always proceeds from affectation, from an effort to go wrong; on the contrary, the other is an habit of going wrong without design, and following, as if by instinct, some bad, though established model. The incoherent exuberance of an oriental imagination is a false taste, and an improper example to imitate: however, they more frequently transgress in this respect, rather from a poverty than a copiousness of real genius. Falling stars, splitting mountains, rivers flowing to their sources, the sun and moon dissolving, false and unnatural comparisons, and nature every where exaggerated, form the character of these writers; and this arises from their never, in these countries, being permitted to speak in public. True eloquence has never been cultivated there, and it is much easier to write in a turgid strain, than with ease and delicate simplicity. In a word, false wit is entirely the opposite of the Eastern manner; the man of false wit desires to say in riddles, what others have spoken naturally. He desires to unite ideas the most incompatible, to divide those which nature has united. To catch unnatural similitudes, without discretion to unite pleasantry with what is serious, to mix great and little images together, and to confuse instead of satisfying the imagination. But perspicuity is not the only part of style in which false wit is not conspicuous, we are at the same time too fond of embellishment. In our most applauded productions there is scarce a sentence which is not loaded with unnecessary ornament, which, though it may add grace to a period, generally disunites the force of a paragraph. The attention, as in Gothic architecture is split upon a number of minute elegances, which, though each are separately pretty, diminish the force of the whole. These are faults that seem to characterize the writings of the age; to these every author who would be admired must conform. With these faults he is sure of immediate applause, though frequently scarce allowed a reading. We have seen many a writer, of late, make his appearance with these qualifications, instead of merit; we have seen him read by a few, praised by all, and soon forgotten. I have been often at a loss, whether to ascribe the decline of taste in a nation, to the reader or the writer. Perhaps both are in fault; the one satiated with varied