Angel, etc. FALLEN indeed, if no abler to do Harm to Sir Richard's Hero, than his Toad to the Gardener! Where is the terrible Power, the wily restless Malice, the insatiate revengeful Application, of this dangerous Enemy to Mankind, in Sir Richard's humble Simile? A Toad may be poisonous, but then he may be trod upon, which is by no Means, the Case of the Devil. If a Poet, who introduces Satan, thus enraged, would imagine a Comparison, to aggrandize the Horror of his Reader's Conception, it must certainly arise from nothing, which we are to look down upon; no little, venomous, inconsiderable Creature; The Elements should War together, on such Occasions, as these; the Skies should blaze with Lightning; the World reel with Earthquakes; the Sea rise to Heaven; the Poles crack with Thunder; and all Nature groan, with Variety of Convulsions. -- Toad, Poison, Squat, Bloated, Spits, Vermin, Loathsome, Swollen, Bursting! What Image can arise from such Expressions as these, which is either like, or agreeable? TO say Truth, no Simile at all should have been introduced in the Place I have been complaining against: The natural Conception of a Reader, can represent to his Fancy the Idea of the Devil, looking angry from a Mountain, much better, than any common Image, of Things known, can represent it to his Memory. A Comparison is never to be made, but where the Object to be described is less known, or less conceivable, than something else, which, being of equal Grandeur and Importance, will also illustrate, and rivet it on the Understanding. THE Descriptions, and Similes, which we meet with in Milton, give us quite other Ideas of this dreadful Rebel-Angel. Scarce had he ceased, when the superior Fiend Was moving towered the Shore; his pondrous Shield Behind him cast, the broad Circumference Hung on his Shoulders, like the Moon, etc. -- His Spear, to equal which, the tallest Pine, Hewn on Norwegian Hills, to be the Mast Of some great Admiral, were but a Wand He walked with, to support uneasy Steps Over the burning Marl. Again, Forth came in Order the infernal Peers, 'Midst them their mighty Paramount, who seemed Alone, the Antagonist of Heaven! nor less Than Hell's dread Emperor! with Pomp supreme, And Godlike, imitated State, Him round, A Globe of fiery Seraphim enclosed. And again, -- Satan, above the Rest, In Shape, and Gesture, proudly eminent! Stood, like a Tower; nor yet his Form appeared Less, than Archangel ruined; and the Excess Of Glory obscured; As when the Sun new-ris'n, Shorn of his Beams, looks through the misty Air. Deep Scars of Thunder had intrenc'd his Face; Care, on his faded Cheeks sat, under Brows Of dauntless Courage, and considerate Pride. HAVING named Mr. Milton, I am well enough aware, That Sir Richard may endeavor a Justification from that great Poet's Example; who has made Use, in another Place, of this very Simile of a Toad, when he also is describing Satan; but, pray, observe