the Great unreal Wants to feign! Unpleasing Truths here mortify the Vain! Here Learning, blinded first, and then beguiled, Looks dark as Ignorance, as Frenzy wild! Here first Credulity on Reason won! And here false Zeal mysterious Rants begun! Here Love impearls each Moment with a Tear, And Superstition owes to Spleen her Fear! Fantastic Lightnings, through the dreary Way, In swift, short Signals, flash the bursting Day! Above, beneath, across, around, they fly! A dire Deception strikes the mental Eye! By the Blue Fires, pale Phantoms grin severe! Shrill-fancied Echoes wound the affrighted Ear! Air-banish'd Spirits flag in Fogs profound, And all-obscene, shed baneful Damps around! Now Whispers, trembling in some feeble Wind, Sigh out prophetic Fears, and freeze the Mind! Loud laughs the Hag! -- She mocks Complaint away, Unroofs the Den, and lets in more than Day. Swarms of wild Fancies, winged in various Flight, Seek emblematic Shades, and mystic Light! Some drive with rapid Steeds the shining Car! These nod from Thrones! Those thunder in the War! Till, tired, they turn from the delusive Show, Start from wild Joy, and fix in stupid Woe. Here the lone Hour, a Blank of Life, displays, Till now bad Thoughts a Fiend more active raise; A Fiend in evil Moments ever nigh! Death in her Hand, and Frenzy in her Eye! Her Eye all red, and sunk! -- A Robe she wore, With Life's Calamities embroidered over. A Mirror in one Hand collective shows, Varied, and multiplied that Group of Woes. This endless Foe to generous Toil and Pain Lolls on a Couch for Ease; but lolls in vain; She muses over her woe-embroider'd Vest, And Self-Abhorrence heightens in her Breast. To shun her Care, the Force of Sleep she tries, Still wakes her Mind, though Slumbers doze her Eyes: She dreams, starts, rises, stalks from Place to Place, With restless, thoughtful, interrupted Pace; Now eyes the Sun, and curses every Ray, Now the green Ground, where Color fades away. Dim Specter dance! Again her Eye she rears; Then from the blood-shot Ball wipes purpled Tears; Then presses hard her Brow, with Mischief fraught, Her Brow half bursts with Agony of Thought! From me (she cries) pale Wretch thy Comfort claim, Born of Despair, and Suicide my Name! Why should thy Life a Moment's Pain endure? Here every Object proffers Grief a Cure. She points where Leaves of Hemlock black'ning shoot! Fear not! pluck! eat (said she) the sovereign Root! Then Death, reversed, shall bear his ebon Lance; Soft over thy Sight shall swim the shadowy Trance! Or leap yon Rock, possess a watery Grave, And leave wild Sorrow to the Wind and Wave! Or mark -- this Poniard thus from Misery frees! She wounds her Breast! -- the guilty Steel I seize! Straight, where she struck, a smoking Spring of Gore Wells from the Wound, and floats the crimsoned Floor. She faints! She fades! -- Calm Thoughts the Deed revolve, And now, unstartling, fix the dire Resolve! Death