hear a night-sbriek. MACBETH, Act v. Scene 5. He too of dreadful fame, the alarming spright, The unnam'd lonely wanderer of the night, Whose shriek, profaning the repose around, Foreboded death to him who heard the sound. With wings outstretch'd the Gryphon next was seen, Half-eagle, lion-half, a form obscene: To these the innumerable host adjoin'd Of shapes uncouth, the tyrants of the mind, Matchless in force, and splenetic of mood, The family of death, and terror's brood. The moon now launching on the expanse of night, Exulting sailed amidst a flood of light; Along whose beams (diminutive of size) A ship aerial glided through the skies: Which as it rode resplendent from afar, Assumed the appearance of a shooting star! The playful Gossimer supplied the sail, Swelled by the pressure of the panting gale: The deck was peopled by a sprightly band, The little progeny from fairy land! The scene now changed -- the mountain heaved a groan, The bending forest breathed a sullen moan: When lo three Lapland hags, self-pois'd on high, Of hideous aspect, struck the wondering eye! Their implements of art aloft they bear, And (like the lowering cloud that loads the air) They spread the texture of the fatal loom, While grim night blackens to a deeper gloom. These forms were welcomed, as they passed along, By savage howlings of the wolf-dog throng. Disastrous ravens to this groupe repair, And bats, the fiends that haunt the darkened air; And owls the groupe pursue with heavy flight, Prophets of woe, and harpies of the night; And they who 'midst the storm exulting soar, And they whose talons reek with infants' gore. See from their height the haggard shapes descend, And to the ocean's shore their footsteps bend; Where cavern'd deep in conclave dim they dwell, There utter the dread curse, there breathe the spell! Hostile to man, their machinations frame, And act the unhallowed deed without a name. Thus have we sketch'd, with faint imperfect hand, The forms that peopled the poetic land, Aerial forms (by glowing fiction dressed) Who raised to joy, or awed the human breast. At length, these visions fading on the sight, The university of Copenhagen was founded by CHRISTIEN, who died 1481. -- MALLET's History of Denmark, vol. vi. p. 443. A new creation rose at once to light; As from a gulf the new creation sprung, On which the classic beams their splendour flung; While on the land which late we wandered over, Where wild invention watched her growing store, Where (through rich vales) with swelling surges bold, The flood of poetry resistless rolled! Over which the glist'ning rays of fancy played, And near whose banks the human passions strayed, On this rude scene of wonder and delight, In evil moment rushed eternal night. ABELARD TO ELOISA: A POEM. ADVERTISEMENT. THE Monastery of CLUNI, from whence ABELARD is supposed to write the following Epistle, was founded in the year 611, near the village of Mascon, on the river Graone. The