soul. All that his lawless, wild conceptions dare, In various forms hang hovering in the air: A sword fresh-tainted with ALONZO'S blood, A scepter swimming in a cimson flood, A crown with dazzling ornaments overspread, And lightly floating over SEBASTIAN'S head; While, in the distance, rising over the bay, Imperial Naples shall her towers display. Lo! now, advancing on the mimic scene, Comes forth to view the famed Egyptian Queen ANTHONY AND CLEOPATRA, Act is it, Scence 3d, at the end. ; While anxious doubts her Soldier's mind perplex, Behold her rise instructive to her sex! Ah, not superior! for the female heart Endures with fortitude the suffering part. Towering beyond the flight of timorous love, She bids her Warrior from her sight remove; She points her finger to the martial plain, Points to the active and the daring train: The threatening axes which the Fasces bear; The gorgeous streamers swelling to the air; Of busy legions the thick murmuring swarms; The thronging shields, and high emblazon'd arms; The encumbering elephant, the rapid steed, And spoils of former conquest, Glory's meed; Flushed Conquest, riding in his trophied car, And all the dread magnificence of war. Now shall the fell, tremendous act be done: The THANE MACBETH. appears! -- the warning clock strikes One! His daring, wild imaginings create (Such the hot chaos of his mental state) The air-born dagger, and display to view The point obscene, distained with crimson hue. Still, as we gaze, shall new creations rise, And varying sceneries prolong surprise: Ere yet the sky-lark leaves his lowly bed, Bright on the mist-encircled mountain's head, See jocund Day on airy tiptoe stand, And open the gates of Heaven with radiant hand! Now, like two lions litter'd on one day JULIUS CAESAR, Act 4th, Scene 3d. Who range the dreary wilds, and share the prey, I see, in dreadful harmony combined, The illustrious Pair who dignify mankind! The summer-cloud, that dimmed their friendship's: The passing summer-gale has borne away; Yet CASSIUS then upbraids the unmanly grief, That from the moral Porch claims no relief: With lowering aspect, but with tearless eyes, The grief-torn, inly-bleeding friend replies: "Ah! not in vain was I with Stoics bred, "For yet art thou to learn, that PORTIA's dead." The hair-dishevell'd Prophetess of Troy TROILUS AND CRESSIDA, Act, 5th, Scene 3d. Shall next the Painter's hallowed hand employ: She with bold Divination's meteor-eye, Pervades the awful secrets of the sky; The woes of her loved country she foretells, And on her brother's death prolixly dwells. ANDROMACHE, impressed with tender fears, At the prophetic strain dissolves in tears; While HECTOR's scorn-denouncing looks upbraid The vapoury day-dreams of the wild'ring Maid: While PRIAM, bending at the weight of age, Revered, parental, patriarchal Sage! Half credits, half rejects, the tragic tale, Till terrors over his fading hopes prevail. Whence yonder radiant form, that charms the eye? It Is Expectation, riding through the sky! A sword-like instrument she waves around, Enwreath'd with coronets, with chaplets bound, Prepared for