pleased, his Fall behold, And each cold-croaking Heliconian Frog Leaps, scornful, and bestrides the unreigning Log. Far-fall'n ALEXIS, who so ill aspired, Sick of successless War, from Wounds retired, Where, while, in Sleep, his Sorrows ebbed away, And, hushed in Darkness, Indignation lay; Fancy, fair Mistress of the Poet's Mind, For ever changing, yet, for ever kind; Soft, over his Dreams, her formful Radiance shed, And his rapt Soul through Heaven's thin Purlieus led; Seated beside the Star-invading Dame, Whose Steeds, Wind-footed, paw'd the lambent Flame, High, as a Widowed Lover's Grief can climb, Her Air-built Chariot rose, and hung sublime. Unveiling, thence, the World's bleak Wastes, below, They saw the Stream of Life beneath 'em flow; Dim, from the sable Sea of Birth it rose, In a slow, silent, sullen, dread Repose: For, round th'emerging Source, that glimmer'd pale, Mountains of Midnight Darkness rolled a Veil: But, as the evolving Surge swelled into Day, Quickening, it moved, and roared, and rushed away. Broad, on the Left, from low Oblivion's Shore, Quicksands, and Rocks, reached half the Current over: Lucid, like Truth, the treacherous Water shone, And, over gay gilded Shoals, ran, tuneful, on; Pebbles, of Gem-like Hue, with painted Pride, Glowed through the Wave, and burnt, amid the Tide: Wantonly kind, the Sun's enlivening Beams Shower'd, in light Spangles, on the dancing Streams: While Insect Nations, Gnats, and Wasps, and Flies, Tinged in the Rainbow's ever-changing Dies, Sheathing their Stings, and, smiling, like the Fair, Peopled the Sunshine, and adorned the Air. Less lively, on the Right, the Stream's deep Flow, There, no false Colors mixed their varied Glow; No gaudy Bottom caught the downcast Eye: Above, no fluttering Insects winged the Sky: Serenely solemn, All! -- One equal Whole Flashed not upon the Sense, but touched the Soul: Instead of Rocks, green Islands flourished, here, Silent, and fruitful, as the full-grown Year; In Place of Flies, grave Swans, of Snow-like Hue, Sweetly majestic, in slow Circles, flew: But, though these Isles the distant Prospect cheered, No Bay, no Port, no Landing-Place appeared; Kind Birds, alone, gave Entrance over the Mound, Nor, from the Stream, below, was Inlet found. Then Fancy, thus -- FAME'S future Regions, These, Where nothing surfeits, yet, where all Things please. Here, Memory stands fixed, while Time runs on, And worth blooms fresh, when Life itself is gone; Danger keeps Distance, softened Spleen grows kind, Ambition temperate, and Love refined: Nor Pride, nor Jealousy, can, here, annoy, Nothing is Ecstacy, though all is Joy: Peace without Languor, Labor, void of Pain, Glory unenvied, and unslander'd Gain. Though differing, thus, the Stream's unsocial Sides, Yet, one broad Gulf absorbed the double Tides; From Birth devolving, Death's blind Sea, below, Boundless, and formless, snatched the mingled Flow; Both rounding Oceans, backward, seemed to tend, And vast, beneath, their sable Surges blend: But far most frightful This! -- whose dark Profound, A Depth Eternal! Life wants Line to sound: Unbottom'd Shade rolled loose over swallowed Light -- Fancy