liquid matter, like that in the furnace of a glass-house; raging and working like the waves of the sea, with a short abrupt noise. This matter would sometimes boil over, and run down the side of the conical hill, appearing at first red hot, but changing color as it hardened and cooled. Had the wind driven in our faces, we had been in no small danger of stifling by the sulphurous smoke, or being killed by the masses of melted minerals, that were shot from the bottom. But as the wind was favorable, I had an opportunity of surveying this amazing scene for above an hour and an half together. On the fifth of June, after an horrid noise, the mountain was seen at Naples to work over; and about three days after, its thunders were renewed so, that not only the windows in the city, but all the houses shook. From that time it continued to overflow, and sometimes at night were seen columns of fire shooting upward from its summit. On the tenth, when all was thought to be over, the mountain again renewed its terrors, roaring and raging most violently. One cannot form a juster idea of the noise, in the most violent fits of it, than by imagining a mixed sound, made up of the raging of a tempest, the murmur of a troubled sea, and the roaring of thunder and arillery, confused all together. Though we heard this at the distance of twelve miles, yet it was very terrible. I therefore resolved to approach nearer to the mountain; and, accordingly, three or four of us got into a boat, and were set ashore at a little town, situated at the foot of the mountain. From thence we rode about four or five miles, before we came to the torrent of fire that was descending from the side of the volcano; and here the roaring grew exceeding loud and terrible as we approached. I observed a mixture of colors in the cloud, above the crater, green, yellow, red, blue. There was likewise a ruddy dismal light in the air, over that tract where the burning river flowed. These circumstances, set off and augmented by the horror of the night; made a scene the most uncommon and astonishing I ever saw; which still increased as we approached the burning river. Imagine a vast torrent of liquid fire, rolling from the top, down the side of the mountain, and with irresistible fury bearing down and consuming vines, olives, and houses; and divided into different channels, according to the inequalities of the mountain. The largest stream seemed half a mile broad at least, and five miles long. I walked so far before my companions up the mountain, along the side of the river of fire, that I was obliged to retire in great haste, the sulphurous steam having surprised me, and almost taken away my breath. During our return, which was about three o'clock in the morning, the roaring