see secure the billows fly, And hear the whirlwinds roar. You, with a smile, their rage despise, 'Till some sad wreck appears, And calls, from your relenting eyes, The sympathizing tears. Thus may you view, with proud delight, While winds the deep deform, ('Till human woes your grief excite) All nature in a storm. Majestic, awful scene! when hurled, On surges, surges rife, And all the heaving watery world Tumultuous mounts the skies. The seas and thunder roar by turns, By turns the peals expire; The billows flash, and either burns With momentary fire. But lo! the furious tempests cease, The mighty rage subsides; Old ocean hushed, in solemn peace, Has stilled the murmuring tides. Spread wide abroad, the glassy plain, In various colors gay, Reflects the glorious sun again, And doubly gilds the day. The horizon glows from side to side, And flames with glancing rays; The floating, trembling, silver tide, Is one continual blaze. Your eyes the prospect now command, All uncontrolled and free, Fly like a thought from land to land, And dart from sea to sea. Thus, while above the clouds we sit, And, innocently gay, Pass in amusements, wine, or wit, The sultry hours away. Sometimes, with pity, or disdain, In thought a glance we throw Down on the poor, the proud, the vain, In yonder world below. We see, from this exalted seat, (How shrunk, reduced, confined!) The little person of the great, As little as his mind. See there -- amidst the crowds our view Some scattered virtues strike; But those so thronged, and these so few, The world looks all alike. Yet, through this cloud of human kind, The Talbots we survey, The Pitts, the Yorks, the Seckers find, Who shine in open day. TO THE SAME, ON THE SAME SUBJECT. OVER curious models as you rove The vales with piles to crown, And great Palladio's plans improve With nobler of your own; O bid a structure over the floods From this high mountain rise, Where we may sit enthroned like gods, And revel in the skies. The ascending breeze, at each repast, Shall breathe an air divine, Give a new brightness to the taste, New spirit to the wine. Or these low pleasures we may quit For banquets more refined, The works of each immortal wit The luxury of the mind. Plato, or Boyle's, or Newton's page Our towering thoughts shall raise, Or Homer's fire, or Pindar's rage, Or Virgil's lofty lays. Or with amusive thoughts the Sea Shall entertain the mind, While we the rolling scene survey, An emblem of mankind. Where, like sworn foes, successive all, The furious surges run, To urge their predecessor's fall, Though followed by their own. Where, like our moderns so profound, Engaged in dark dispute, The skuttles cast their ink around To puzzle the dispute. Where sharks, like shrewd directors, thrive, Like lawyers, rob at will; Where flying-fish, like trimmers live; Like soldiers, sword-fish kill. Where on the less the greater feed, The tyrants