and the dreadful force Of Boreas, that congeals the Cronean waves, Tumultuous enter with dire chilling blasts, Portending agues. Thus, a well fraught ship Long sailed secure, or through the Aegean deep, Or the Ionean, till cruising near The Lilybean shore, with hideous crush, On Scylla, or Charybdis (dangerous rocks!) She strikes rebounding, whence the shattered oak, So fierce a shock unable to withstand, Admits the sea; in at the gaping side The crowding waves gush with impetuous rage, Resistless, overwhelming; horrors seize The mariners, death in their eyes appear, They stare, they lave, they pump, they swear, they pray: (Vain efforts!) Still the batt'ring waves rush in, Implacable, till, deluged by the foam, The ship sinks found'ring in the vast abyss. A PIPE OF TOBACCO: IN IMITATION OF SIX SEVERAL AUTHORS. Mr. Hawkins Brown, the author of these, as I am told, had no good original manner of his own, yet we see how well he succeeds when he turns an imitator; for the following are rather imitations, than ridiculous parodies. IMITATION I. A New Year's ODE. RECITATIVE. OLD battle-array, big with horror, is fled, And olive robbed Peace again lifts up her head. Sing, ye Muses, Tobacco, the blessing of peace; Was ever a nation so blessed as this? AIR. When summer suns grow red with heat, Tobacco tempers Phoebus' ire; When wintry storms around us beat, Tobacco chears with gentle fire. Yellow Autumn, youthful Spring, In thy praises jointly sing. RECITATIVE. Like Neptune, Caesar guards Virginian fleets, Fraught with Tobacco's balmy sweets; Old Ocean trembles at Britannia's power, And Boreas is afraid to roar. AIR. Happy mortal, he! who knows Pleasure which a Pipe bestows; Curling eddies climb the room, Wafting round a mild perfume. RECITATIVE. Let foreign climes the vine and orange boast, While wastes of war deform the teeming coast; Britannia, distant from each hostile sound, Enjoys a Pipe, with case and freedom crowned: Even restless Faction finds itself most free; Or, if a slave, a slave to Liberty. AIR. Smiling years, that gayly run Round the zodiac, with the sun, Tell, if ever you have seen Realms so quiet and serene. British sons no longer, now, Hurl the bar, or twang the bow; Nor of crimson combat think, But securely smoke and drink. CHORUS. Smiling years, that gayly run Round the zodiac, with the sun, Tell, if ever you have seen Realms so quiet and serene. IMITATION II. LITTLE tube, of mighty power, Charmer of an idle hour, Object of my warm desire, Lip of wax, and eye of fire: And thy snowy, taper waist, With my finger gently braced; And thy pretty swelling crest, With my little stopper pressed, And the sweetest bliss of blisses Breathing from thy balmy kisses. Happy thrice and thrice again, Happiest he of happy men, Who, when again the night returns, When again the taper burns; When again the cricket's gay, (Little cricket, full of play) Can afford his tube to feed With the fragrant Indian weed: Pleasure