and wealth, Her honor, temperance, fortitude and health, Her justice, courage, conquest and renown, Let tyrants start, and tremble at her frown, New brace her arm, her trident's strength restore, Hark! hark! her thunder shakes yon hostile shore; Around the globe her dreaded flag display, Let ocean's utmost bounds her flag obey; Her crimson cross invincible let fly Above the waves, triumphant in the sky. It Is done; see direful Fraud, see Discord bound, See hell-born Faction gasping on the ground, See bloated Luxury with famished jaws, See cursed Corruption with her gilded claws, See poisonous Perfidy with patriot air, See venal Villainy, see mad Despair, A ghastly groupe! in fell confusion lie Beneath thy aweful frown, O Truth, and die. The caverns yawn, the rocky bars give way, See Genius burst her bands, and spring to day, Spurning the cave, accursed Corruption's cell, Where Envy broods, where venal vapors dwell, Thy bane, O Truth; see, see, she joyful soars, She drinks the etherial ray, she high explores Her native heaven, by Virtue's hand set free She gains new strength, her piercing eye shall see With tenfold force where Wisdom's secrets lie Beneath the abyss, above the starry sky; Through Nature's works her mimic hand shall play Where Freedom prompts, where Virtue points the way: Ambition there to blameless heights shall rise, There guiltless Glory gain the immortal prize; See Sculpture rear her life-creating hand, See thinking stone on story'd basis stand; There classic piles attract the wondering ken, Here Genius dips the pencil and the pen; In kindred lights with friendly ray shall shine A MASON's muse, a HAYMAN's groupe divine, Unrivaled loved; see HOGARTH's fancy reign In BUTLER's rich, unborrow'd matchless vein; Through blissful scenes the raptured mind shall rove, New POPES shall sing, new LAMBERTS paint the grove: Did PHIDIAS there indent the magic steel? Did ROUBILIAC instruct the rocks to feel? A HUDSON's teint, by beauty's beam refined, Shall through the expansive features call the mind; Nature and Art their utmost power shall show, And SHAKESPEARS yet unborn, and GARRICKS glow. The Arts exult at Virtue's great command With Taste, with Liberty in either hand; Triumphant Britain smiles, near, near each side See native Honesty, see native Pride, With Grecian worth, with Roman bent to vye, Fame at her heart, and Glory in her eye, With ancient Rome in her MAECENAS' days, When Judgment gave, when Genius wore the bays, With both shall Britain now maintain the strife, To lift up nature and to polish life. Be hence thy high concern, be hence thy care, From Gallia's haughty brow provoked to tear The rival wreaths; a twofold empire gain, Science at land, and conquest on the main. By both MINERVAS crowned, O Britain, shine, Let learning still, let conquest still be thine; Let courage, taste, and truth thy sons adorn, Let BACONS yet, let MARLBOROUGHS yet unborn, For arts and arms above mankind revered, By Europe honored, and by Europe feared, Expand the circles of thy