the vessel from the rolling sea; But cliffs, and shaggy shores, a dreadful sight, Od. 5, 521. All rough with rocks, with foamy billows white. If this be not Total, at least it will engross Two of your Senses, whilst you keep in the same Posture; but those, as you say, seem the most complete, which take up the Eye what ever way you turn. -- As this (resumed Philypsus) to keep to the same Element: Od. 12, 474. And all above was sky, and ocean all around. These Total Views are much more vigorous and affecting, when the Objects are not inanimate: or at least, when, some more moving Considerations are annexed to them. Thus in the Picture of a rough Sea, terminating in craggy Shores, and Rocks, and a tempestuous Sky, every Object has an additional Terror from our seeing Ulysses painted in the midst of these Dangers, and struggling to make so difficult a Shore. -- I remember a Passage of this kind in a Writer of a very strong Imagination, which is heightened by the same Method. We have it in a Description of Mount Atlas, though I believe the Author took his Ideas from the Alps: it is delivered in this bold Poetical kind of Prose: Characteristicks. Vol. ^. Page 389. See, with what trembling steps poor Mankind tread the narrow Brink of the deep Precipices! from whence with giddy Horror they look down, mistrusting even the Ground which bears them; whilst they hear the hollow sound of Torrents underneath, and see the Ruin of the impending Rock, with falling Trees, which hang with their Roots upwards, and seem to draw more Ruin after them. -- In these Cases, our Passions, as well as our Senses, are engaged: and I take such Views to be then entirely complete, when all our Passions, as well as all our Senses, may be engrossed by them. Were I to give an Instance of such a View, I should prefer that Passage in Virgil, where he places you in the midst of a City, covered with the dismal shades of Night, taken and fired in a Thousand places by the Enemy, and every where filled with Ruin, Terror, and Confusion: Aen. 2, 369. -- Crudelis ubique Luctus, ubique Pavor, and plurima mortis imag^. I have dwelt the longer on these Comprehensive Views, as they fill and delight the Mind very strongly. There is another Case, much of this Nature, and of particular Energy: I do not mean, when we surround, but when we carry the Mind out to a vast extent: As in this Sentiment; Od. 23, 369. By Heaven above, by Hell beneath. There is a Thought of this Nature, very justly reckoned among the Sublime, which appears with a perfect Uniformity in Ingrediturque solo and caput inter nubilacondit Ae 4, 177. (...). Lxx per Grabe. (...), 16. Virgil, in Homer, and in the Book of Wisdom, formerly ascribed to Solomon: For my part, I do not at