all wonder at this exact Resemblance in them. It is such a Thought, that when it is once set before one, it possesses the Mind so strongly, that it will leave its Image behind it: And indeed it is obserable, that a great Critic, where he would applaud it in Homer, T(...). De Subl. the. Edit. Oxon. repeats it himself in the very turn of his own Criticism. Longinus is the Person I mean: who in a thousand Instances, as well as this, Essay on Criticism. -- Is himself the great Sublime he draws. One of the most common Topics for this among the Poets, is in speaking of the distance of Tartarus. Homer makes it as far from Hell to Earth downwards, as it is upwards from Earth to Heaven: It has been Note on Il. 8, 16. observed, that Two of the best Poets since have enlarged it gradually, Virgil to Twice, and Mil^on to Thrice that Depth: but, if I mistake not, Hesiod of old has carried the Mind further than either of them: It would please you to see, how exact he is in his Measures: (...). V, 722. An Anvil (says he) will be Nine days complete in falling from Heaven to our Earth; and as many in falling from our Earth to Tartarus. -- This is the Distance from us to the Gates of Tartarus only: he afterward carries the Mind much farther, in this Description: There lie the Treasures of the stormy Deep, Of Earth, and Water, and extended Darkness. A dreadful Chasm! squalid, and uninform'd, And hateful even to Gods. Whoever, within The dreadful Opening of its Gates, should plunge Prone through the great abyss; twelve times the course Of the Pale Moon, should feel it^ Storm and Tempest In dire Descent; still hurried on precipi^ate, Amidst the various Tumult and Confusion Of disagreeing Natures. Often the Powers Immortal cast their Eyes upon these regions, Hesiod's (...). 744. And shudder at the Sight. -- This Imagination seems to be imitated in Milton, where Satan meets with that violent shock, in Traveling through Chaos; but the Fall here strikes us more, because it has no Bounds: It is still continuing lower and lower; and the Mind, in endeavoring to conceive it, is lost in its desired Infinitude. When our Bodies are all so straightened and confined, what must the Soul be made of, Antiphaus? and what might be its Powers, if unrestrained? Since even in such dull Company as the Body, with all these Weights and Incumber^ents about it, it betrays on every the ^^allest Occasion such an Appetite to ^nfinity? Mr. Addison, in one of his finest Works, ^he Essay on the Pleasures of the Imagination, reckons Greatness as first among those things, which give that Spectator, Numb^ 412. Pleasure: Nothing (says he) Numb. 4^^ gratifies the Mind so much, as those large growing Ideas, which lead her on almost to an Infinitude. Numb. 412. Our Imagination loves to be filled with