described as shaking the mountains with his steps, and driving his chariot along the ocean. Minerva, arming herself for fight in the Vth book; and Apollo, in the XVth, leading on the Trojans, and flashing terror with his Aegis on the face of the Greeks, are similar instances of great Sublimity added to the description of battles, by the appearances of those celestial beings. In the XXth book, where all the Gods take part in the engagement, according as they severally favor either the Grecians, or the Trojans, the poet seems to put forth one of his highest efforts, and the description rises into the most awful magnificence. All nature is represented as in commotion. Jupiter thunders in the heavens; Neptune strikes the earth with his Trident; the ships, the city, and the mountains shake; the earth trembles to its center; Pluto starts from his throne, in dread lest the secrets of the infernal region should be laid open to the view of mortals. The passage is worthy of being inserted. (...) (...) (...) (...) (...) (...) (...) (...) (...) (...) (...) (...) (...) (...) (...) (...) But when the powers descending swelled the fight, Then tumult rose, fierce rage, and pale affright; Now through the trembling shores Minerva calls, And now she thunders from the Grecian walls. Mars, hovering over his Troy, his terror shrouds In gloomy tempests, and a night of clouds; Now through each Trojan heart he fury pours, With voice divine, from Ilion's topmost towers -- Above, the Sire of Gods his thunder rolls, And peals on peals redoubled rend the poles; Beneath, stern Neptune shakes the solid ground, The forests wave, the mountains nod around; Through all her summits tremble Ida's woods, And from their sources boil her hundred floods: Troy's turrets totter on the rocking plain, And the tossed navies beat the heaving main: Deep in the dismal region of the dead, The infernal monarch reared his horrid head, Leapt from his throne, lest Neptune's arm should lay His dark dominions open to the day; And pour in light on Pluto's drear abodes, Abhorred by men, and dreadful even to Gods. Such wars the immortals wage; such horrors rend The world's vast concave, when the Gods contend. POPE. Iliad, 20. 47. etc. THE works of Ossian (as I have elsewhere shown) abound with examples of the Sublime. The subjects of that Author, and the manner in which he writes, are particularly favorable to it. He possesses all the plain and venerable manner of the ancient times. He deals in no superfluous or gaudy ornaments; but throws forth his images with a rapid conciseness, which enable them to strike the mind with the greatest force. Among poets of more polished times, we are to look for the graces of correct writing, for just proportion of parts, and skilfully conducted narration. In the midst of smiling scenery and pleasurable themes, the gay and the beautiful will appear, undoubtedly, to more advantage. But amidst the rude scenes