statesman, that history brings us acquainted with: a man whom to name is to honor, but whom in attempting adequately to describe, I must fly to Mr. Burke, my constant refuge when eloquence is necessary: a man, who to relieve the sufferings of the most distant nation, put to the hazard, his ease, his security, his interest, his power, even his darling popularity, for the benefit of a people whom he had never seen, How much more than for the inhabitants of his native country; yet this is the man who has been censured and disavowed in the manner we have lately seen. Gentlemen, I have but a few more words to trouble you with; I take my leave of you with declaring, that all this freedom which I have been endeavoring to assert, is no more than the freedom which belongs to our inbred constitution; I have not asked to acquit Mr. Pain upon any new lights, or upon any principle but the law, which you are sworn to administer: My great object has been to inculcate, that wisdom and policy, which are the parents of the law of Great Britain, forbid this jealous eye over her subjects: and that, on the contrary, they cry aloud in the language of the poet, employed by Lord Chatham on the memorable subject of America, unfortunately without effect: "Be to their faults a little blind, "Be to their virtues, very kind; "Let all their thoughts be unconfined, "And clap your padlock on their mind." Engage them by their affections, convince their reason, and they will be loyal from the only principle that can make loyalty sincere, vigorous, or rational, a conviction that it is their truest interest, and that their form of government is for their common good. Constraint is the natural parent of resistance, and a pregnant proof, that reason is not on the side of those who use it. You must all remember, gentlemen, Lucian's pleasant story: Jupiter and a countryman were walking together, conversing with great freedom and familiarity upon the subjects of Heaven and earth. The countryman listened with attention and acquiescence, while Jove strove only to convince him; but happening to hint a doubt, Jupiter turned hastily round, and threatened him with his thunder. "Ah! ha!" says the countryman, now Jupiter, I know that you are wrong; you are always wrong when when you seek to convince by your thunder. This is the case with me -- I can reason with the people of England, but I cannot fight against the thunder of authority. Gentlemen, this is my defense for free opinions. (Mr. Attorney General arose immediately to reply to Mr. Erskine, when Mr. Campbell (the foreman of the jury) said, -- My lord, I am authorized by the jury here, to inform the attorney general that a reply is not necessary for them, unless the attorney general wishes to make it, or your lordship. -- Mr. Attorney General sat down, and the jury gave in their