surprised at the andacity of the one, and the passive obedience of the other. But my wonder somewhat abated when I saw their different manner of handling a controversy: the multitude wholly unacquainted with the wiles of logic, had nothing to support their cause but a parcel of phrases and words now entirely obsolete; such as reason, humanity, and justice, with a long list of antiquated etceteras: whereas, on the other side, the monarchs and their jack^lls had a notable way of arguing, namely, by torture, whips, racks, gibbets, galleys, dung^^^ and many other syllogisms of the same kind. This manner of persuasion, or rather compulsion, may properly be called the logic of tyrants. Pain they maintained was much better for clearing the understanding than reason; the latter actuating but slowly, whilst the other was almost instantaneous. Having walked a little further, I gained a small spot entirely surrounded by water: here, thought I, Peace must have her residence; no longer shall my ears be grated with the horrid din of war; my eyes shall not here behold the tears of the widow, with her children clung round her, bewailing the loss of a fond husband and tender father, torn by force from their arms. -- But guess my astonishment, at finding them the most litigious and quarrelsome party I had yet met with: and though they boasted of being free, were so only in idea! I wondered much how they were so easily duped, seeing no force used, not so much as a threat: they were even said to have the reins of Government in their own hands, and allowed to drive at pleasure. But their Monarch took a safer way of arguing them out of their liberties, though not less sure than that practiced in the other societies through which I passed -- I mean convincing by ready money; or, as some call it, bribing a man to an opinion. Experience has proved this to be the most effectual method. Arguments from the mint will persuade much sooner than those drawn from reason and philosophy. Gold is a wonderful clearer of the understanding. It satisfies every doubt in an instant; silences the clamorous; stops the mouth of the orator; brings over the most inflexible statesman; and, in short, is capable of arguing men out of all their liberties. Wishing to see one of these supernatural beings called monarchs, I advanced toward a palace which stood at a little distance. At the gate was placed a number of guards, clothed with all the tawdry pomp of power, in order to strike with awe the beholders. They permitted me to pass into a large hall, the walls thereof were gilded all for show. At the upper end of the hall was a throne supported by magical contrivance upon a few gothic pillars. On one pillar I observed the word superstition, on another divine right. These two were in many places nearly mouldered to pieces; so that the throne actually tottered,