he would have hindered This profanation. As the king is going to drink, thunder is heard; he starts from the throne, spies a hand, which writes on the wall these words; MEAN, MEAN, TEKEL UPHARSIN. He lets fall the goblet, and stands in an attitude of speechless horror. All start, and are terrified.] First COURTIER, after a long pause. Oh, transcendent horror! Second COURTIER. What may this mean? The king is greatly moved! Third COURTIER. Nor is it strange -- who unappall'd can view it? Those sacred cups! I doubt we have gone too far. First COURTIER. Observe the fear-struck king! his starting eyes Roll horribly. Thrice he essayed to speak, And thrice his tongue refused, BELSHAZZAR, in a low trembling voice. Ye mystic words! Thou semblance of an hand! illusive forms! Ye dire fantastic images, what are ye? Dread shadows, speak! Explain your horrible meaning! Ye will not answer me. -- Yes, yes, I feel I am a mortal now -- My failing limbs Refuse to bear me up. I am no god! Gods do not tremble thus. -- Support me, hold me, These loosen'djoints, these knees which smite each other, Betray I Am but a man -- a weak one too! First COURTIER. In truth it is passing strange, and full of horror! BELSHAZZAR. Send for the learned magicians, every sage Who deals in wizard spells and magic charms. Some go out. First COURTIER. How fares my lord the king? BELSHAZZAR. Am I a king? What power have I? Ye lying slaves, I am not. Oh, soul-distracting sight! but is it real? Perhaps it is fancy all, or the wild dream Of mad distemperature, the fumes of wine! I Will look upon it no more! -- So -- now I Am well! I am a king again, and know not fear. And yet my eyes will seek that fatal spot, And fondly dwell upon the sight that blasts them! Again, it is there! it is not fancy's work. I see it still! it is written on the wall. I see the writing, but the viewless writer, Who, what is he? Oh, horror! horror! horror! It cannot be the GOD of these poor Jews, For what is he, that he can thus afflict? Second COURTIER. Let not my lord the king be thus dismayed. Third COURTIER. Let not a phantom, an illusive shade, Disturb the peace of him who rules the world. BELSHAZZAR. No more, ye wretched sycophants! no more! The sweetest note which flattery now can strike, Harsh and discordant grates upon my soul. Talk not of power to one so full of fear, So weak, so impotent! Look on that wall; If thou would sooth my soul, explain the writing, And thou shall be my oracle, my God! Tell me from whence it came, and what it means, And I Will believe I am again a king! Friends! princes! ease my troubled breast, and say, What do the mystic characters portend? First COURTIER. It Is not in