Here my commission ends; I may not utter More than thou haft heard; but O! remember, king! Thy days are numbered; hear, repent, and live! BELSHAZZAR. Say, Prophet, what can penitence avail? If Heaven's decrees immutably are fixed, Can prayers avert our fate? DANIEL. They change our hearts, And thus dispose Omnipotence to mercy. It Is man that alters, GOD is still the same. Conditional are all Heaven's covenants: And when the uplifted thunder is withheld, It Is prayer that deprecates the impending bolt. Good 2 Chronicles. Chap. xxxii. Also, Isaiah, Chap. xxxviii. Hezekiah's days were numbered too; But penitence and tears were mighty pleas: At Mercy's throne they never plead in vain. He is going. BELSHAZZAR. Stay, Prophet, and receive thy promised gift: The scarlet robe, and princely chain, are thine; And let my heralds publish through the land, That Daniel stands, in dignity and power, The third in Babylon. These just rewards Thou well may claim, though sad thy prophecy! QUEEN. Be not deceived, my son! nor let thy soul Snatch an uncertain moment's treacherous rest, On the dread brink of that tremendous gulf Which yawns beneath thee. DANIEL. O unhappy king! Know what must happen once, may happen soon, Remember, that it is terrible to meet Great evils unprepared! and, O Belshazzar! In the wild moment of dismay and death, Remember thou wast warned! and, O! remember, Warnings despised are condemnations then! Exeunt Daniel and Queen. BELSHAZZAR. It Is well -- my soul shakes off its load of care; It Is only the obscure is terrible. Imagination frames events unknown, In wild fantastic shapes of hideous ruin; And what it fears, creates! -- I know the worst; And awful is that worst as fear could feign: But distant are the ills I have to dread! What is remote may be uncertain too! Ha! Princes! hope breaks in! -- This may not be! First COURTIER. Perhaps this Daniel is in league with Persia, And bribed by Cyrus to report these horrors, To weaken and impede the mighty plans Of thy imperial mind! BELSHAZZAR. It Is very like. Second COURTIER. Return we to the banquet. BELSHAZZAR. Dare we venture? Third COURTIER. Let not this dreaming Seer disturb the king. Against the power of Cyrus, and the Mede, Is Babylon secure. Her brazen gates Mock all attempts to force them. Proud Euphrates, A watery bulwark, guards our ample city From all assailants. And within the walls Of this stupendous capital are lodged Such vast provisions, such exhaustless stores, As a twice ten years siege could never waste! BELSHAZZAR. Embraces him. My better genius! To the banquet then! As they are going to resume their places at the banquet, a dreadful uproar is heard, tumultuous cries, and warlike sounds. All stand terrified. Enter soldiers, with their swords drawn, and wounded. SOLDIER. Oh, helpless Babylon! Oh, wretched king! Chaldea is no more, the Mede has conquered! The victor Cyrus, like a mighty torrent, Comes rushing on, and marks his way with ruin!