night unwish'd; while vital heat, Light, life, and joy the dubious day forsake. Mean-time, in sable cincture, shadows vast, Deep-ting'd, and damp, and congregated clouds, And all the vapoury turbulence of Heaven Involve the face of things. Thus Winter falls, A heavy gloom oppressive over the world, Through nature shedding influence malign, And rouses all the seeds of dark disease. The soul of man dies in him, loathing life, And black with horrid views. The cattle droop The conscious head; and over the furrowed land, Red from the plow, the dun discolored flocks, Untended spreading, crop the wholesome root. Along the woods, along the moorish fens. Sighs the sad genius of the coming storm; And up among the loose, disjointed cliffs, And fractur'd mountains wild, the brawling brook, And cave, presageful, send a hollow moan, Resounding long in listening fancy's ear. Then comes the father of the tempest forth, Striding the gloomy blast. First rains obscure Drive through the mingling skies with vapor vile; Dash on the mountain's brow, and shake the woods, That grumbling wave below. The unsightly plain Lies a brown deluge; as the low-bent clouds Pour flood on flood, yet unexhausted still Combine, and deepening into night shut up The day's fair face. The wanderers of heaven, Each to his home, retire; save those that love To take their pastime in the troubled air, Or skimming flutter round the dimply pool. The Cattle from the untasted fields return, And ask, with meaning low, their wonted stalls, Or ruminate in the contiguous shade. Thither the household, feathery people crowd, The crested cock, with all his female train, Pensive, and wet. Meanwhile the cottage-swain Hangs over the enlivening blaze, and taleful there Recounts his simple frolic: much he talks. And much he laughs, nor recks the storm that blows Without, and rattles on his humble roof. Wide over the brim, with many a torrent swelled, And the mixed ruins of its banks overspread, At last the rous'd-up river pours along, Resistless, roaring; dreadful down it comes From the chapt mountain, and the mossy wild, Tumbling through rocks abrupt, and sounding far; Then over the sanded valley floating spreads, Calm, sluggish, silent; till again constrained, Betwixt two meeting hills it bursts away, Where rocks, and woods o'erhang the turbid stream; There gathering triple force, rapid, and deep, It boils, and wheels, and foams, and thunders through. Nature! great parent! whose continual hand Rolls round the seasons of the changeful year, How mighty, how majesty are thy works! With what a pleasing dread they swell the soul! That sees astonished! and astonished sings! Ye too, ye winds! that now begin to blow, With boisterous sweep, I raise my voice to you. Where are your stores, ye subtle beings! say, Where your aerial magazines reserved, Against the day of tempest perilous? In what far-distant region of the sky, Hushed in dead silence, sleep you when it is calm? Late in the lowering sky, red, fiery streaks Begin to flush about; the reeling