pleasing still, A gentler mood inspires; for now the leaf Incessant rustles from the mournful grove, Often starting such as, studious, walk below, And slowly circles through the waving air. But should a quicker breeze and the boughs Sob, over the sky the leafy rain streams; Till choked, and matted with the dreary shower, The forest-walks, at every rising gale, Roll wide the withered waste, and whistle bleak. Fled is the blasted verdure of the fields; And, shrunk into their beds, the flowery race Their sunny robes resign. Even what remained Of bolder fruits falls from the naked tree; And woods, fields, gardens, orchards, all around The desolated prospect thrills the soul. He comes! he comes! in every breeze the Power Of philosophic Melancholy comes! His near approach the sudden-starting tear, The glowing cheek, the mild dejected air, The softened feature, and the beating heart, Pierced deep with many a secret pang, declare. Over all his soul his sacred influence breathes; In all the bosom triumphs, all the nerves; Inflames imagination; through the sense Infuses every tenderness; and far Beyond dim earth exalts the swelling thought. Ten thousand thousand fleet ideas, such As never mingled with the Vulgar's dream, Crowd fast into the mind's creative eye. As fast the correspondent passions rise, As varied, and as high: devotion raised To rapture, and divine astonishment. The love of Nature unconfined, and chief Of human kind; the large, ambitious wish, To make them blessed; the sigh for suffering worth, Lost in obscurity; the indignant scorn Of mighty pride; the fearless, great resolve; The wonder that the dying patriot draws, Inspiring glory through remotest time; The arousing pant for virtue, and for fame; The sympathies of love, and friendship dear; With all the social offspring of the heart. Oh bear me then to vast, embowering shades! To twilight groves, and visionary vales! To weeping grottoes, and prophetic glooms! Where angel-forms athwart the solemn dusk, Tremendous sweep, or seem to sweep along; And voices more than human, through the void Deep-sounding, seize the enthusiastic ear. And now the western sun withdraws the day; And humid evening, gilding over the sky, In her chill progress, to the ground condensed The ascending vapor throws. Where waters ooze, Where marshes stagnate, and where rivers wind, Cluster the rolling fogs, and swim along The dusky-mantled lawn. Meanwhile the moon Full-orb'd, and breaking through the scattered clouds, Shows her broad visage in the crimsoned east. Turned to the sun direct, her spotted disk, (Where mountains rise, umbrageous dales descend, And oceans roll, as optic tube descries) A lesser earth gives all his blaze again, Void of its flame, and sheds a softer day. Now through the passing cloud she seems to stoop, Now up the pure cerulean rides sublime. Wide the pale deluge floats; and streaming mild Over the sky'd mountain to the shadowy vale, While rocks, and floods reflect the quivering gleam, The whole air whitens with a boundless tide Of silver radiance, trembling round the world. But