to which she could confide a lock of hair, or one last pledge of affection for her wretched children and sister-in-law. -- She sustained it all to the last with heroic fortitude. Thus perished the beautiful, the generous, the benevolent queen of France, furnishing the most singular example in human records of a life so dignified by birth, rank, and splendor, closed by such a flood of unmerited and overwhelming calamity. She indeed drained the chalice of affliction to its last and foulest dregs. Whatever boundless conceptions good men may form of heavenly mercy, they will hardly imagine it can be extended to such inconceivable wickedness! Rich, guiltless, sacred blood; whose steams shall rise To pull the avenging thunder from the skies. Deeds which might blot the sun, -- their horror lost, By alchymy of hell become your boast. Go, true Lycaons! execrable race! Remain no more humanity's disgrace; But, howling in your forests, bide the storm, And, with the hearts of wolves, assume the form! Fit lupus, et veteris servat vestigia formae; Canities eadem est, eadem violentia vultu; Idem oculi lucent; eadem feritatis imago. OVID. METAMOR. l. i. O thou SUPREME, whose majesty unseen Directs the movements of this vast machine, By thee, man, heaven, and earth, and air, and sea, Formed and sustained alone, all bend to thee; Let flaming comets in the skies appear, Let earthquakes rock the globe, or tempests tear; Each loosened orb forget its station'd seat; All nature's germins in confusion meet; But O this pity to our sons afford, Preserve their reverence for thy sacred word! Parent of life and sense, ETERNAL POWER, Ruling the final, as the natal hour, In the last terrors of thine awful day, Peace to the just, who walked thy righteous way! But for the audacious progeny of pride, What pines can cover them, what mountains hide? Since frantic Gauls thy holy law despise, And hideous crimes with specious names disguise; Call human rights, each fiend's demoniack will, And liberty, the unpunished power to kill; Waving aloft a parricidal sword, Red in the art'ries of their saint-like lord; If force, not justice, must prevail with man, And arms conclude what anarchy began, -- Though on themselves they turn their scorpion sting, And while they curse, revenge their murdered king, -- Hurl all thy bolts on the Titanian brood, Confound the impious, but protect the good! In virtue's cause, though righteous drops be spilt, Avert the worse pollution of their guilt! Great LORD of all, keep worthy of thy smiles, The pure devotion of these menaced isles! In this sketch of the time of Augustus, I have omitted to mention the most interesting and awful of all events to the universe; the birth of our Lord and Savior JESUS CHRIST; not from irreverence, but from absolute despair of being able to satisfy my own mind, or the reader's, by announcing it with any suitable elevation of diction and sentiment. It is a theme too great for rhymes. The powers