find combinations of the same kind in the works of art. But when we consider the power of an object upon our passions, we must know that when any thing is intended to affect the mind by the force of some predominant property, the affection produced is like to be the more uniform and perfect, if all the other properties or qualities of the object be of the same nature, and tending to the same design as the principal; If black and white blend, soften, and unite, A thousand ways, are there no black and white? If the qualities of the sublime and beautiful are sometimes found united, does this prove that they are the same; does it prove that they are any way allied; does it prove even that they are not opposite and contradictory? Black and white may soften, may blend; but they are not therefore the same. Nor, when they are so softened and blended with each other, or with different colors, is the power of black as black, or of white as white, so strong as when each stands uniform and distinguished. -- Sublime and Beautiful. SUBLIME. Of the Passion caused by the Sublime. THE passion caused by the great and sublime in nature, when those causes operate most powerfully, is astonishment; and astonishment is that state of the so^ (...) which all its motions are suspended, with (...) of horror. In this case the mind is so (...) with its object, that it cannot entertain (...) by consequence reason on that object w^ ^ploys it. Hence arises the great power of the (...), that, far from being produced by them, it (...) reasonings, and hurries us on by an irresistible force. Astonishment, as I have said, i^ the effect of the sublime in its highest degree; the inferior eff^cts are admiration, reverence, and respect. -- Ibid. SUBLIME. Source of the Sublime. WHATEVER is fitted in any sort to excite the ideas of pain and danger, that is to say, whatever is in any sort terrible, or is conversant about terrible objects, or operates in a manner analogous to terror, is a source of the sublime; that is, it is productive of the strongest emotion which the mind is capable of feeling. -- Ibid. SUBLIME DESCRIPTION. WE do not any where meet a more sublime description than this justly-celebrated one of Milton, wherein he gives the portrait of Satan with a dignity so suitable to the subject: He above the rest In shape and gesture proudly eminent Stood like a tower; his form had yet not lost All her original brightness, nor appeared Less thou archangel ruined, and the excess Of glory obscured: as when the sun new risen Looks through the horizontal misty air Shorn of his beams; or from behind the moon In dim eclipse disastrous twilight sheds On half the nations; and with fear of change Perplexes monarchs. Here is a very noble picture; and in what does this poetical picture consist? in