voluminous history, his lordship one day at levee applauded the Doctor's intentions, but requested that he would make it a pleasant one. Mr. B. Your pleasant historians should be read with caution. Leland promised a voluminous history, and so far he has kept his promise, but he has not done justice to all. T. It is said that he had an eye to a mitre. Mr. B. Mitres and coronets will dazzle, but the truth is, he had an eye to his bookseller, and, to be candid, he went over it with a heavy hand. T. He has scarce dipped into the earlier ages. Mr. B. He was no antiquary, but he might have said a little more on the subject. Hooker says, "the reason why first we do admire those things which are greatest, and secondly those things which are ancientest, is, because the one is least distant from the infinite substance, the other from the infinite continuance of God." Neither has he detailed with candor the feuds betwixt the house of Desmond and Butler. T. The implacable hatred that existed betwixt the two is astonishing. Mr. B. Struggles for power. I remember an anecdote of one of the Desmond's, I don't know which, who happened to be severely wounded in an engagement with a party of the Butler's, one of the latter threw him on his shoulders to carry him off in triumph, and as he passed along, tauntingly asked him, "Ah, Desmond, where are you now?" though quite feeble from loss of blood, he collected all his expiring strength, and exclaimed, "Where am I? I am where I ought to be, on the neck of my enemy." The conversation turned on poetry, which Mr. Burke called "the art of substantiating shadows, and to lend existence to nothing." He praised Milton for the judicious choice of his epithets; this led him to say a few words on the use and abuse of those flowery adjectives, as Pontanus calls them, and lamented that some person of taste did not collect a garland of them out of the English poets, as Textor had out of the Latin, which laid every classical scholar under great obligation to him, as he had plucked the fairest flowers that sipped castalion dew. Geography, he said, was an earthly subject, but a heavenly study. One of the company happened to mention some gentlemen who intended to promote discoveries in the interior parts of Africa, Mr. Burke said, the intention was truly laudable; "Africa," he said, "was worth exploring, it seemed as if nature, in some great convulsion or revolution of her empire, had fled to that quarter with all her treasures, some of which she had concealed in the bowels of the earth, but the surface exhibited such abundance and variety of the vegetable and animal race, that a few miles would enrich the conquests of natural history. Witness on the very shores of that continent -- the cabbage-tree, that towered into all the sublimity