object; it is not to the horror of those crimes which have stained their legislators, crimes in every stage rising above each other in point of enormity; but I object to the consequence of that character, to the effect of those crimes. They are such as render negotiation useless, and must entirely deprive of stability any peace which could be concluded under such circumstances. Where is our security for the performance of a treaty, where we have neither the good faith of a nation, nor the responsibility of a monarch? The moment that the mob of Paris becomes under the influence of a new leader, the most mature deliberations are reversed, the most solemn engagements are retracted, or free will is altogether controuled. In every one of the stages of their repeated revolutions we have said, 'now we have seen the worst, the measure of iniquity is full, we shall no longer be shocked or astonished by the contemplation of added crimes, and increasing enormities:' the next mail convinced us of our credulity, and by presenting us with fresh crimes, and enormities still more dreadful, excited impressions of new astonishment and accumulated horror. All the crimes which disgrace history, have occurred in one country in a space so short, and with circumstances so highly aggravated, as to outrun thought, and exceed imagination. Should we treat with Marat, before we had finished the negotiation, he might again be descended to the dregs of the people from whence he sprung, and have given place to a still more desperate villain. A band of leaders has swayed the mob in constant succession, all resembling in guilt, but rising above one another in point of enormity, each striving to improve upon the crimes of his predecessor, and swell the black catalogue with new modes and higher gradations of wickedness: Aetas parentum pejor avis tulit Nos nequiores, mox daturos Progeniem vitiosiorem. Lord Mornington's speech in the same assembly, on the 21st of January, 1794, will always remain as a monument of that nobleman's great abilities and eloquence, and as a faithful report of GOD's dreadful visitation of a vast kingdom, which has repeatedly dared to blaspheme his name, and abjure his worship. Our countrymen may there see the rebellious subjects of the late most christian king crowding into a period of less than one short lustrum, more impiety, oppression, cruelty, rapine and massacre, than can be found in the aggregated enormities of all the rest of Europe for a series of centuries. Cedite Romani scriptores, cedite Graii! Your Dionysius, your Pisander, Tiberius, Nero, Caligula, Domitian, Caracalla, and Commodus, must retire to the back-ground of the picture, and yield an abominable pre-eminence to our more flagitious neighbors. The crimes of these tyrants were chiefly the offspring of frenzy, the guilt of the Gauls is deliberation and system. France has been for four years with little intermission deluged with such torrents of native blood, that in some measure they have diverted our attention from concerns less affecting;