suns of India have been often lost in the splendor of his eloquence. The fable children of Africa have numbered him in the list of their advocates, and almost every state in Europe has, at one time or other, been the subject of his tongue and his pen. Mr. Burke was first taught to read by his mother, a woman of excellent understanding, and a highly cultivated mind. He was instructed in writing and accounts by Mr. James Fitzgerald, who kept a day-school near Smithfield, Dublin. At the age of twelve he was committed to the care of Mr. Abraham Shackelton, a Quaker, master of an eminent classical academy in Balitore, in the County of Kildare. That the reader may form some idea of his preceptor, and the seminary, we transcribe the following advertisement, which appeared in the public prints about that time: BALITORE BOARDING-SCHOOL. Abraham Shackelton informs his friends and the public, that being placed guardian over the morals of the youth under his care, he declines, from conscientious motives, to teach that part of the academic course, which he conceives injurious to morals, and subversive of sound principles, particularly those authors, who recommend in seducing language, the illusions of love, and the abominable trade of war. Those who design their sons for the college, will take their measures accordingly. He professes to fit youth for business, and instruct them in polite literature. His terms are six pounds per quarter -- no entrance money demanded. Mr. Shackelton was a man of fine even temper, severe in his morals, but extremely indulgent to his pupils, with regard to the bent of their genius, which he was studious to discover and cultivate -- his maxim was Natura sequitur melius quam ducitur. Young Burke was very attentive to his studies -- sometimes at the expense of his health. He did not confine himself to the Greek and Roman classics, he read at intervals some of the best English writers, and evinced much taste in the selection of the finest passages -- many of which he committed to memory. He was passionately fond of reading Don Bellianis of Greece. This circumstance he mentioned himself one night in the House of Commons, in the debate on the Affairs of Holland in 1786. He also takes notice of this romance in his Essay on the Sublime and Beautiful. Notwithstanding he appears to have read the poets with all the enthusiasm of a warm imagination, yet it does not appear that he ever invoked the Muses. At one time, it is said, he could repeat all Young's Night Thoughts by rote; in a copy of this work, which he used to carry in his pocket, the two following lines in his handwriting were found some years since on a blank leaf. Jove claimed the verse old Homer sung, But God himself inspired Young. Several of his witticisms have been repeated by his schoolfellows, but as they are all unworthy of so great a genius, even in