Definition of this Species should be also given, by an Attempter of it, who has Modesty, and wishes to avoid a Charge of high Presumption: Critics having represented it in such a formidable Light, that they could possibly have done no more, had they been joined in a Confederacy to prevent Attempts to write at all, instead of furnishing Instructions how to write discerningly. -- It will suffice, to hear but one or two of These, as Witnesses. The Voice is all the same; one Note throughout the whole Fraternity. It is (says Rapin) the most bold, and greatest Work, that human Wit is capable of. All the Nobleness, and all the Elevation of the most perfect Genius can hardly suffice to form one such as is requisite. The Difficulty of finding, together, Fancy, and Judgment, Heat of Imagination, and Sobriety of Reason, Precipitation of Spirit, and Solidity of Mind, causes the Rarity of this Character's happy Temperament. It requires great Images, and yet a greater Wit to form them. -- Finally, there must be a Judgment so solid, a Discernment so exquisite, such perfect Knowledge of the Language, in which he writes, such obstinate Study, profound Meditation, and vast Capacity, that scarce whole Ages can produce One Genius fit for an Epic Poem. And it is an Enterprise so bold, that it cannot fall into a wise Man's Thoughts but it must affright him. By this Time, it grows needful, that I hasten to cry out, and own, that the most vain, and empty Wretch in Nature, would be such a Poet as, conceiving the tenth Part of these prodigious Difficulties in his Way, which the French Critic had, by overheating his Imagination, taught himself to think were really there, should, notwithstanding such Belief, have Arrogance enough to undertake a Work, so terribly beyond his Compass! -- under which necessary Shield of honest Truth, I will dare venture yet a little farther, -- into what our own Sir William Temple has declared on the same Subject. I am apt (says he, in his Essay upon the Art we are considering) to believe so much, of the Genius of Poetry, and of its Elevation, in Homer's and Virgil's EPIC Works, that I know not, whether, of all the Numbers of Mankind, who live within the Compass of a thousand Years, for One Man that is born, capable of making such a Poet, there may not be a thousand born, capable of making as Great Generals of Armies, or Ministers of State, as any the most renowned in Story. Caveats, so high-strained as These, have made it necessary for an Epic Undertaker to say something, That may justify his Modesty. A Definition of it, therefore, in the humbler Light I see it by, may hope to show it a less arduous Adventure; and demonstrate, that the Difficulty, however certainly considerable, is by no means so insuperable, as These Gentlemen appear to think it. Critical Systems reconcile two contradictory Extremes: and are,