Who soon or late shall every work fulfill, And no resistance find. Is man refuse To hearken to thy dictates; or allured By meaner joys, to any other power Transfer the honors due to thee alone; That joy which he pursues he never shall taste, That power in whom delights never behold. Go then once more, and happy be thy toil; Go then! but let not this thy smiling friend Partake thy footsteps. In her stead, behold! With thee the son of Nemesis I send; The fiend abhorred! whose vengeance takes account Of sacred order's violated laws. See where he calls thee, burning to be gone, Fierce to exhaust the tempest of his wrath On yon devoted head. But thou, my child, Control his cruel frenzy, and protect Thy tender charge. That when despair shall grasp His agonizing bosom, he may learn, Then he may learn to love the gracious hand Alone sufficient in that hour of ill, To save his feeble spirit; then confess Thy genuine honors, O excelling fair! When all the plagues that wait the deadly will Of this avenging demon, all the storms Of night infernal, serve but to display The energy of thy superior charms With mildest awe triumphant over his rage, And shining clearer in the horrid gloom. Here ceased that awful voice, and soon I felt The cloudy curtain of refreshing eve Was closed once more, from that immortal fire Sheltering my eyelids. Looking up, I viewed A vast gigantic spectre striding on Through murmuring thunders and a waste of clouds, With dreadful action. Black as night his brow Relentless frowns involved. His savage limbs With sharp impatience violent he writhed, As through convulsive anguish; and his hand Armed with a scorpion-lash, full often he raised In madness to his bosom; while his eyes Rained bitter tears, and bellowing loud he shook The void with horror. Silent by his side The virgin came. No discomposure stirred Her features. From the glooms which hung around, No stain of darkness mingled with the beam Of her divine effulgence. Now they stoop Upon the river-bank; and now to hail His wonted guests, with eager steps advanced The unsuspecting inmate of the shade. As when a famished wolf, that all night long Had ranged the Alpine snows, by chance at morn Sees from a cliff incumbent over the smoke Of some lone village, a neglected kid That strays along the wild for herb or spring; Down from the winding ridge he sweeps amain, And thinks he tears him: so with tenfold rage, The monster sprung remorseless on his prey. Amazed the stripling stood; with panting breast Feebly he poured the lamentable wail Of helpless consternation, struck at once, And rooted to the ground. The queen beheld His terror, and with looks of tenderest care Advanced to save him. Soon the tyrant felt Her awful power. His keen, tempestuous arm Hung nerveless, nor descended where his rage Had aimed the deadly blow: then dumb retired With sullen rancour.