thy famed Stream, so nigh, Bow thy prone Surge, and glide in Reverence by. Calm, on thy Bank, in patient Pain, he smiles, Effus'd, like Thee, the Boast of Regal Isles: Next Neighbor to his GOD! who (close behind) Breathes the still Altar's Influence over his Mind: Swells his forgiving Heart with Joy to bless; And bids him teach his Foes to shun Distress. Pride of a Land, those Foes were born to stain! Envy's vast Object! that o'ercharg'd a State, Till Debt's proud Blush turned Gratitude to Pain, And Wrongs, and Distance, eased thy dreaded Weight. What shall I say, Sensations to reveal, Which, Words not reaching, Thought but aches, to feel? All I can be, be Thine! -- The Eternal Eye, That wakes for Virtue, sees, and loves, thy Claim: Kingdoms shall rise, and in slow Ruins lie, While new ones, in new Tongues, transmit thy Name. VI. O, never to be lost! -- Could Wishes save, Nations would guard Thee from th'all-cov'ring Grave: But, 'twill not be. -- The Impatient Moments fly; Nations, and Times, and St. John's Self, must DIE. Die, to his Friends; -- Himself Fate strikes in vain; Death but the Accession, of his dateless Reign. When All those sacred Atoms sleep in Dust, If Earth ever veils Thee, -- as, too sure! it must: Sons of thy Soul shall each dear Remnant boast; And he charm surest, who retains Thee most. Realms, in Thy lucid Track, absolved from Night, Shall blush for Blindness, that repelled such Light; Live to each Sense, thy faultless Taste inspired, And bless that Leisure, which thy Wrongs acquired. Freedom's broad Temple, in this bright'ning Isle, Pillar'd, on Props, by honored St. John reared, High, on the Front of her enduring Pile, Shall wear the immortal Name, through Time, revered. Then, shall some happier Bard, all-friended, rise, Whom every Muse shall aid, to touch thy Praise: He, sweetlier-voic'd, shall these low Strains despise, For All thy tuneful SOUL shall warm his Lays. Mean while, O deign, through death-doom'd Aera's bright, Buoyant, to bear aloft my Speck of Light; Then, shall I float sustained, in this blessed Page, And one saved Poet 'scape a sinking Age. VII. NOW from the swarming East, for Sev'n long Years, Had restless Midian poured her swarthy Hosts: And, planting Canaan with erected Spears, Awed fainting Israel, to her Western Coasts. To These, old Amalek her Standards joined; The marching Hebrews first, and surest, Foe! Thick, as the Locusts, in some living Wind; A Tide of Death, over all the Land, they flow: Force, and Famine, with them go! Pangless, they stain their Front with Blood: and blot their Rear with Woe. By God forsaken, God's proud People fly; Valiant, no longer than obedient, found: Hopeless to live, and yet afraid to die, In Caves, and dark Retreats, they dwell on high. Thence, prone, look trembling with pale Horror round, While, from the exposed inferior Ground, Their heavy Harvests load the plund'ring Foe: And for