And storied arch, to glut the coward-rage Of regal envy, strew the public way With hallowed ruins; when the muse's haunt, The marble porch where wisdom wont to talk With Socrates or Tully, hears no more, Save the hoarse jargon of contentious monks, Or female superstition's midnight prayer; When ruthless rapine from the hand of time Tears the destroying scythe, with surer blow To sweep the works of glory from their base; Till desolation over the grass-grown street Expands his raven-wings, and up the wall, Where senates once the price of monarchs doomed, Hisses the gliding snake through hoary weeds That clasp the mouldering column; thus defaced, Thus widely mournful when the prospect thrills Thy beating bosom, when the patriot's tear Starts from thine eye, and thy extended arm In fancy hurls the thunderbolt of Jove To fire the impious wreath on Philip's Philip.] The Macedonian. brow, Or dash Octavius from the trophied car; Say, does thy secret soul repine to taste The big distress? Or would thou then exchange Those heart-ennobling sorrows for the lot Of him who sits amid the gaudy herd Of mute barbarians bending to his nod, And bears aloft his gold-invested front, And says within himself, "I am a king, " And wherefore should the clamorous voice of woe " Intrude upon mine ear? -- The baleful dreggs Of these late ages, this inglorious draught Of servitude and folly, have not yet, Blessed be the eternal ruler of the world! Defiled to such a depth of sordid shame The native honors of the human soul, Nor so effaced the image of its sire. End of the SECOND BOOK. THE PLEASURES OF IMAGINATION. BOOK the THIRD. ARGUMENT of the THIRD BOOK. PLEASURE in observing the tempers and manners of men, even where vicious or absurd; v. 1. to 14. The origin of vice, from false representations of the fancy, producing false opinions concerning good and evil; v. 14. to 62. Inquiry into ridicule; v. 73. The general sources of ridicule in the minds and characters of men, enumerated; v. 14. to 240. Final cause of the sense of ridicule; v. 263. The resemblance of certain aspects of inanimate things to the sensations and properties of the mind; v. 282, to 311. The operations of the mind in the production of the works of imagination, described; v. 358, to 414. The secondary pleasure from imitation; to v. 436. The benevolent order of the world illustrated in the arbitrary connection of these pleasures with the objects which excite them; v. 458, to 514. The nature and conduct of taste; v. 515, to 567. Concluding with an account of the natural and moral advantages resulting from a sensible and well-form'd imagination. THE PLEASURES OF IMAGINATION. BOOK the THIRD. WHAT wonder therefore, since th'indearing ties Of passion link the universal kind Of man so close, what wonder if to search This common nature through the various change Of sex, and age, and fortune, and the frame Of each peculiar, draw