departs: nothing is more rapid than his Course; he flies over the Waters: the Verses of Homer in that Place run swifter than the God himself. It is sufficient to have Ears, to perceive the Rapidity of Neptune's Chariot in the very Sound of those three Lines, each of which is entirely composed of Dactyles, excepting that one Spondee which must necessarily terminate the Verse. (...) (...) (...) IV. VERSE 29. -- The lofty Mountains nod, The Forests shake! Earth trembled as he trod, And felt the Footsteps of the immortal God.] Longinus confesses himself wonderfully struck with the Sublimity of this Passage. That Critic, after having blamed the Defects with which Homer draws the Manners of his Gods, adds, that he has much better succeeded in describing their Figure and Persons. He owns that he often paints a God such as he is, in all his Majesty and Grandeur, and without any Mixture of mean and terrestrial Images; of which he produces this Passage as a remarkable Instance, and one that had challenged the Admiration of all Antiquity. The Book of Psalms affords us a Description of the like sublime manner of Imagery, which is parallel to this. O God, when thou wentest forth before thy People, when thou did march through the Wilderness, the Earth shook, the Heavens dropped at the Presence of God, even Sinai itself was moved at the Presence of God, the God of Israel. Ps. 68. V. VERSE 32. -- Three ample Strides he took.] This is a very grand Imagination, and equals, if not transcends, the Sublimity of what he has feigned before of the Passage of this God. We are told, that at four Steps he reached Aegae, which (supposing it meant of the Town of that Name in Euboea, which lay the nighest to Thrace) is hardly less than a Degree at each Step. One may, from a View of the Map, imagine him striding from Promontory to Promontory, his first Step on Mount Athos, his second on Pallene, his third upon Pelion, and his fourth in Euboea. Dacier is not to be forgiven for omitting this miraculous Circumstance, which so perfectly agrees with the mavelous Air of the whole Passage, and without which the sublime Image of Homer is not complete. VI. VERSE 33. -- The distant Aegae shook.] There were three Places of this Name which were all sacred to Neptune; an Island in the Aegean Sea mentioned by Nicostratus, a Town in Peloponnesus, and another in Euboea. Homer is supposed in this Passage to speak of the last; but the Question is put, why Neptune who stood upon a Hill in Samothrace, instead of going on the left to Troy, turns to the right, and takes a way contrary to that which leads to the Army? This Difficulty is ingeniously solved by the old Scholiast; who says, that Jupiter being now on Mount Ida, with his Eyes turned toward Thrace, Neptune could not take the direct way from