Ideas did not condescend to regard. And on these Principles I will venture to lay it down for a Maxim, that the Sublime (purely on account of its Grandeur) is preferable to all other kinds of Style, however it may fall into some Inequalities. The Argonauticks of Apollonius are faultless in their kind; and Theocritus has shown the happiest Vein imaginable for Pastorals, excepting those in which he has deviated from the Country: And yet if it were put to your Choice, would you have your Name descend to Posterity with the Reputation of either of those Poets, rather than with that of Homer? Nothing can be more correct than the Erigone of Eratosthenes; but is he therefore a greater Poet than Archilochus, in whose Composures Perspicuity and Order are often wanting; the divine Fury of his Genius being too impatient for Restraint, and superior to Law? Again, do you prefer the Odes of Bacchilides to Pindar's, or the Scenes of Ion of Chios to those of Sophocles? Their Writings are allowed to be correct, polite, and delicate; whereas, on the other Hand, Pindar and Sophocles sometimes hurry on with the greatest Impetuosity, and like a devouring Flame seize and set on Fire whatever comes in their way; but on a sudden the Conflagration is extinguished, and they most miserably flag when no body expects it. Yet none have so little Discernment as not to prefer the single Oedipus of Sophocles to all the Tragedies that Ion ever brought on the Stage. "In our Decisions therefore on the Characters of these great Men, who have illustrated what is useful and necessary with all the Graces and Elevation of Style; we must impartially confess that, with all their Errors, they have more Perfections than the Nature of Man can almost be conceived capable of attaining: For it is merely human to excel in other kinds of Writing, but the Sublime ennobleth our Nature, and makes near Approaches to Divinity: He who commits no Faults, is barely read without Censure; but a Genius truly great excites Admiration. In short, the Magnificence of a single Period in one of these admirable Authors is sufficient to atone for all their Defects: Nay farther, if any one should collect from Homer, Demosthenes, Plato, and other celebrated Heroes of Antiquity, the little Errors that have escaped them; they would not bear the least Proportion to the infinite Beauties to be met with in every Page of their Writings. It Is on this account that Envy, through so many Ages, has never been able to wrest from them the Prize of Eloquence which-their Merits have so justly acquired: An Acquisition which they still are, and will, in all Probability continue possessed of, As long as Streams in silver Mazes rove, Or Spring with annual Green renews the Grove. Mr. FENTON. FINIS.