LETTERS CONTAINING A SKETCH OF THE POLITICS OF FRANCE, From the Thirty-first of May 1793, till the Twenty-eighth of July 1794. LETTERS CONTAINING A SKETCH OF THE POLITICS OF FRANCE, From the Thirty-first of May 1793, till the Twenty-eighth of July 1794, AND OF THE SCENES WHICH HAVE PASSED IN THE PRISONS OF PARIS. BY HELEN MARIA WILLIAMS. VOL. I. LONDON: PRINTED FOR G. G. AND J. ROBINSON, PATERNOSTER-ROW. 1795. LETTER I. Switzerland, September 1794. MY DEAR SIR, AFTER so long a suspension of our correspondence, after a silence like that of death, and a separation which for some time past seemed as final as if we had been divided by the limits of that country from whose bourn no traveller returns, with what grateful pleasure did I recognize your handwriting, with what eagerness did I break ^he seal of your welcome letter, and with what soothing emotions receive the tidings of your welfare, and the assurance of your affection! Your letter was a talisman that served to conjure up a thousand images of sorrows and of joys that are past, and which were obliterated by the turbulent sensations of dismay and horror. Perhaps it will not be uninteresting to you to receive from me a sketch of the scenes which have passed in Paris since the second of June, an epoch to be for ever deplored by the friends of liberty, which seated a vulgar and sanguinary despot on the ruins of a throne, till the memorable 28th of July 1794, when Liberty, bleeding with a thousand wounds, revived once more. If the picture I send you of those extraordinary events be not well drawn, it is at least marked with the characters of truth, since I have been the witness of the scenes I describe, and have known personally all the principal actors. Those scenes, connected in my mind with all the detail of domestic sorrow, with the feelings of private sympathy, with the tears of mourning friendship, are impressed upon my memory in characters that are indelible. They rise in sad succession like the shades of Banquo's line, and pass along my shuddering recollection. After having so long suffered without daring to utter a complaint, it will relieve my oppressed spirits, to give you an account of our late situation; and, in so doing, I shall feel the same sort of melancholy pleasure as the mariner who paints the horrors of the tempest when he has reached the harbor, and sheds a tender tear over his lost companions who have perished in the wreck -- Ah! my dear friend, that overwhelming recollection fills my heart with anguish which only they who have suffered can conceive. Those persons in whose society I most delighted, in whose cultivated minds and enlightened conversation I found the sole compensation for what I had lost in leaving my country and my friends -- to see them torn from me for ever, to know the precise moment in which they were dragged to