performed in the burning quarter, trusting to the justice of gunpowder. In the opposite quarters the patriots were marshalled, and while they performed their duties quietly on the inhabitants, the fugitives who escaped from the flames were compelled to throw themselves on their swords. This ingenious contrivance succeeded tolerably; not so much as they desired; and they afterward very patriotically voted, when they perceived that they had only effected half a massacre, to raze the magnificent city of Lions. Here you have 'hearts no bigger than pins heads;' you would have hesitated at this sublime massacre." "And do you mean," enquired Dr. Bounce, "to destroy London in your fury? Do you mean to burn my meeting in the Old Jewry?" "Do not disturb my reverie," continued Dragon, darting a fiery glance on Bounce. "That night the two Houses shall be the lamps of liberty to illuminate the metropolis. Those haughty phantoms of state shall vanish. We shall walk in blood; we shall see by flames. At noon London will be half in ruins, and half it is citizens be piled on each other. Happy and fraternised people! Liberty shall be the benign sunshine to gild these horrors, and you shall be free when you exult over your ruins." "How many can you assemble?" demanded Vaurien. "Three hundred," replied Dragon, nodding earnestly. "Calculate, calculate!" cried Subtle, exultingly. "Not a probability; not a possibility!" "You have deceived us," cried Vaurien; "I considered half of London was at your devotion." "Why, shall we not all unite?" continued Dragon. "Rant has his apprentices. Do you account liberated Newgate as nothing? Is the King's Bench unfurnished with true republicans? Is Bridewell destitute of patriots? Will not half the young men of the day assemble when we once begin?" "Calculate, calculate!" repeated Subtle. "The Old Jewry is safe," said Dr. Bounce, rubbing his hands. " C'est un jeu perdu," said Vaurien "We must give up the massacre." "Give up the massacre!" cried Dragon, starting from his chair, and extending his bared arm; "I will first massacre myself. Rant, you are silent." "I never open my mouth," replied the Lecturer, "unless I can collect an audience of more than three hundred." "None of you," cried Dragon, "have made any progress in the philosophy of politics. How few assassinated Caesar! How instantly did Massaniello effect his revolution! One night completed the conspiracy of Fiesco; and Marius and Sylla are immortal. Let us imitate the vast designs and splendid deeds of great men. In a cause like this the coward only is avaricious of blood, and the fool only is prodigal of words. A massacre in politics is an electric shock; it calls forth a flame from the coldest bodies. I have joined in glorious massacres. You must want a feeble conception of the scene: -- In the silence and shade of night, when the still air is almost heard, then like a summer thunder suddenly bursting from all parts, shouts and groans, the shrieks of women, the clash