the grass had been eaten. They watched, and observed, every night, that they leapt over the fences, and, after their stolen feast, returned to their adjoining field before the morning. Erasmus tells us, he saw a dog that had been taught to convey meat, in a basket, from the shambles: attacked by other dogs, he would defend his master's property; but when he saw his assailants too numerous, he would then snatch a piece of the meat, lest he should get nothing but blows and honor in the ruinous war. "Does not history present us with more numerous instances of the fidelity of dogs than of men? Like men of strong sensations, their resentment is proportioned to their gratitude. When I was at Mount-Edgecumbe I saw a monument, on which I gazed with awe: it is raised to the memory of a huntsman, who neglecting to feed his dogs for three days, as soon as he entered was torn to pieces; a dreadful howling spread through the whole society; and feeling more sensibly the passion of vengeance than that of hunger, they long left their victuals untouched. When a dog-butcher at Canton enters a street, all the dogs pursue him in full cry. When a Kamtscadale loses his stick, by which he drives the dogs of his sledge, they instantly perceive it, and run off as fast as possible, to overturn him in the snow. Ill treat a dog, he will long remember it; and, when you seek his reconciliation, will preserve his dignity, and make no advances while he knows the hand that now caresses once struck. And shall we now say with Buffon, that these are only pieces of mechanism, who merely derive their motion from their organization? I confess it requires a patience, which looks like sublimity, to acquire a knowledge of their habits and language. Swammerdam passed ten long years, extended on his belly, to characterise the national genius of ants. Reaumur must have devoted as many, to discover the various nidifications of birds; and he indeed cleanly traced the manner in which they digested their food. I myself have patiently watched, through forty days and forty nights, the nuptials of a frog. "To touch but rapidly (for I see the sun is declining) on birds. Thomson has described 'The Passion of the Groves' in mellifluous numbers, worthy of Plato, and with a knowledge of their language as mavelous as his numbers. "The language of birds is elliptical, resembling the periods of Tacitus; little said, much understood. Every species has a different intonation, as every native of a large kingdom has his provincial dialect. The voice of the raven is solemn; of the dove mournful; of the rook gay, but awkward; while the merry woodpecker loudly laughs; and the fern-owl serenades his mate at the moonlight oak. "I could give you instances of a sublime maternal affection, a rapid yet intricate invention, a vigilant artifice in concealing some cherished abode, heroic acts of sexual attachment, and