ENGLAND, and of ROME! In mutual triumph here assume The honors each may claim! This social scene with smiles survey! And consecrate the festive day To Friendship and to Fame! Enough, by Desolation's tide, With anguish, and indignant pride, Has ROME bewailed her fate; And mourned that Time, in Havoc's hour, Defaced each monument, of power To speak her truly great: Over maimed POLYBIUS, just and sage, Over LIVY'S mutilated page, How deep was her regret! Touched by this Queen, in ruin grand, See! Glory, by an English hand, Now pays a mighty debt: Lo! sacred to the ROMAN Name, And raised, like ROME'S immortal Fame, By Genius and by Toil, The splendid Work is crowned today, On which Oblivion never shall prey, Nor Envy make her spoil! ENGLAND, exult! and view not now With jealous glance each nation's brow, Where Hist'ry's palm has spread! In every path of liberal art, Thy Sons to prime distinction start, And no superior dread. Science for Thee a NEWTON raised; For thy renown a SHAKESPEARE blazed, Lord of the drama's sphere! In different fields to equal praise See History now thy GIBBON raise To shine without a peer! Eager to honor living worth, And bless today the do^uble birth, That proudest joy may claim, Let artless Truth this homage pay, And consecrate the festive day To Friendship and to Fame! , whose poetical talents had more than once been employed in the praise of his friend. Before Mr. Hayley inscribed with my name his epistles on history, I was not acquainted with that amiable man and elegant poet. He afterward thanked me in verse for my second and third volumes SONNET to EDWARD GIBBON esquire. On the Publication of his Second and Third Volumes, 1781. WITH proud delight the imperial founder gazed On the new beauty of his second Rome, When on his eager eye rich temples blazed, And his fair city rose in youthful bloom: A pride more noble may thy heart assume, O GIBBON! gazing on thy growing work, In which, constructed for a happier doom, No hasty marks of vain ambition lurk: Thou may deride both Time's destructive sway, And baser Envy's beauty-mangling dirk; Thy gorgeous fabric, planned with wise delay, Shall baffle foes more savage than the Turk; As ages multiply, its fame shall rise, And earth must perish ere its splendour dies. HAYLEY's Works, 8vo edit. vol. i. p. 162. and in the summer of 1781, the Roman Eagle A CARD of INVITATION to Mr. GIBBON at Brighthelmstone, 1781. AN English sparrow, pert and free, Who chirps beneath his native tree, Hearing the Roman eagle's near, And feeling more respect than fear, Thus, with united love and awe, Invites him to his shed of straw. Though he is but a twittering sparrow, The field he hops in rather narrow, When nobler plumes attract his view He ever pays them homage due, He looks with reverential wonder On him, whose talons bear the thunder; Nor could the Jackdaws ever