de la Virtue des Payens. . Such a being, exempt from passions and prejudices, never casts his eyes on the tumults of human life, without exclaiming, "O! curas hominum! O! quantum in rebus inane!" To the disgrace of mankind, such a character never existed; but it is not a small honor for the species, that such perfect virtue has been described and relished. The climax is beautiful. The sage would resist the clamorous fury of a mad multitude; but this popular rage is often appeased as easily as it is kindled. He would despise the threats of a furious tyrant: but the hearts of tyrant sometimes relent with compassion. He would hear without terror the raging tempest, which overpowers the cries of the wretched; but fortune has often rescued victims from the boisterous waves. He would not dread the thunder of Jupiter: here the trembling imagination pauses, fearing left the poet should either sink into meanness, or swell into bombast; because it seems impossible to conceive a bolder image than the enraged master of gods and men. But our fear is converted into admiration, when we read he would sustain unterrified the crashing shock of the universe, by which the elements, men, and gods are involved in one common ruin Plin. L. vi. Epist. 20. . I stop here, lest my reflections should tire you; which, if they do, it must be my fault. I shall have attained, however, my purpose, which was to show the point of view under which I consider the most profound erudition. Regarded as a mean or instrument, it merits our highest admiration; but considered as an ultimate end, it is entitled to nothing but contempt. 3. You remember, Sir, that famous passage of Velleius Paterculus Vell. Patere. L. ii. c. 125. which has given so much trouble to the learned. It is as follows: * * * * It seems unsusceptible of any meaning, and must be supposed either defective or corrupt. All the critics, therefore, who have examined it, endeavor to restore the text. Burerius, Acidalius, Gruter, Boeclerus, Heinsius, Burman, have, all of them, given conjectures more or less probable, which I shall not here discuss. I shall rather submit an emendation of my own to your judgment. Instead of the common reading, I would substitute Prisa antiquaque severitate, FUSUS ancipitia sibi tam re quam exemplo perniciosa. We see at once that this small alteration produces a clear and distinct sense; and the correction may be proved to be equally conformable to the analogy of the Latin tongue, and agreeable to the truth of history. The best grammarians acknowledge that the Latin, not having a middle voice, admits of a passive participle in an active signification V. Burman ad Vell. Paterc. L. ii. c. 97. Perizon. ad Sanct. Minerv. L. i. c. 15. n. 4. . Thus, juratus, punitus, sometimes denote qui juravit, qui punivit. We find peragratus used in this meaning by Velleius himself Vell. Paterc. L. ii. c. 97. . Fusus