yea, and feel herself relieved: a few of her long-extended tracts of unyielding sand and heath-grounds, would tell, in point of numbers, against the whole of our landed property. It is not, therefore, most certainly, from diameter or circumference, we can presume to approach you, my dear friend, and still less the inhabitants of some other countries. We must submit length and breadth to most of the nations both in and out of Europe; but, in the use we have made of our little, "ALBION! over thee profusely Nature showers Her gifts; with livelier verdure decks thy soil With every mingled charm of hill and dale, Mountain or mead, hoar cliff, and forest wide; And thine the Ruins where rapt Genius broods In pensive haunts romantic; rifled towers That beetling over the rock, rear the gray crest Embattled, and within the secret glade Concealed the abbey's ivy-mantled pile. Each silvan scene, mild, or of grace severe, That charms with loveliest interchange, is thine O FAVORED ISLE!" SOTHEBY's beautiful Poem, through parts of North and South Wales. in whatever most essentially tends to the accommodation, the energies, the comforts, and the genius of man, we may assert with the sacred Writer, that "we have a goodly heritage, and that the lines are fallen to us in pleasant places!" On this text, I remember, long since, to have met with the most interesting arguments to prove, we ought not simply to be content with the general dispensations of Providence, but be impressed with particular gratitude for being born in the country which we inhabit; and to pour forth the tribute to Him, who is the great benefactor of all the nations of the earth, and the instructor of all the beings who cultivate its productions. My memory retains nothing but what extremely interests my heart; yet my heart itself, must forget all it has appreciated, ere it loses one trace of the emotions called forth by the sentiments, in the discourse alluded to, which pointed out the motives of my gratitude for being a native and inhabitant of Great Britain. I was infinitely touched by the passage which reminded me, that if it were permitted me to rise so high, as to see from some sublime elevation, all the kingdoms of the earth roll under my eye, I should feel a disposition to prefer, upon the whole, this in which I dwell. I should bless the great Appointer, that my country is not one of those burning lands, "where the heaven over head is brass, and the earth under the feet iron;" and where the sun rises more like a strong man to destroy, than a bridegroom coming out of his chamber to make men rejoice. Nor yet one of those frozen parts of the universe, where the lord of it, reserves his treasures of snow and hail: nor amongst those dreadful climes, where whirlwinds and earthquakes, thunder, lightning, and the desolating hurricane, destroy all the hopes of man; where the bolt