adored, And bade, in solitude's extremest bourn, Religion hallow the severe sojourn. To Him the Powers of harmony resort. And as the Bard, with high-commanding port, Scans all the ethereal wilderness around, Pour on his ear the thrilling stream of sound; Strains, from the full-strung chords at distance swell, Notes, breathing soft from musick's inmost cell; While to their numerous pause; or accent deep, His choral passions dread accordance keep. Thence musing, lo! he bends his weary eyes On life and all its sad realities; Marks how the prospect darkens in the rear, Shade blends with shade, and fear succeeds to fear, Mid forms that rise, and flutter through the gloom, Till death unbar the cold sepulch'ral room. Such is the Poet: such his claim divine! -- Imagination's charter'd libertine, He scorns, in apathy, to float or dream, On listless satisfaction's torpid stream; But dares alone in venurous bark to ride Down turbulent Delight's tempestuous tide. With thoughts encount'ring thoughts in conflict strong, The deep Pierian thunder of the song, Rolls over his raptured sense: the realms on high For him disclose their varied majesty; He feels the call: then bold, beyond control, Stamps on the immortal page, the visions of his soul. Such, my dear Baron, is this Poet, Patriot, and Philanthropist! -- A man who can thus feel, and thus express his feelings, illustrating his theory by his practice, a teacher of the most sublime art, and amongst the very best illustrations of what is to be taught; one who has proved himself able, alike to point the keen yet polished shaft of satire, and to sweep the lyre, is privileged, even on Mr. Pope's axiom, "Let those judge others who themselves excel." to censure or to praise. My own public efforts have slightly, or not at all, come under his notice, either in the way of eulogy or blame; I, therefore, feel myself the more free to pour forth my sentiments of his high capacities, without suspicion of a motive less disinterested, than the pure enthusiasm which true genius should inspire: and I dare to hope, -- though heaven knows we are all feeble beings -- had such a Writer been my foe -- it being scarcely possible he should be an ungenerous one -- I should thus have yielded to the general delight which conviction of general excellence, would have excited in my heart. Not that I conceive he has always been right in his judgments: and for that reason I lay some stress on the repetitions of the word general. No doubt, he has sometimes, like other men, followed prejudices, and partialities. Methinks it might be shown that he has. In some cases, perhaps, his affections, and in others his informations, may have misled him; -- but, "take him for all in all," -- in the varied combinations that unite the accurate Critic, the man of sound sense, the rational Politician, and legitimate Poet, it is a long time since we have seen the like