thy conducting hand shall raise his lot "From earth's dim scene to these ethereal walks, "The temple of thy glory. But not me, "Not my directing voice, he often requires, "Or hears delighted: this enchanting maid, "The associate thou have given me, her alone "He loves, O Father! absent her he craves; "And but for her glad presence ever joined "Rejoices not in mine; that all my hopes "This thy benignant purpose to fulfill "I deem uncertain, and my daily cares "Unfruitful all and vain, unless by thee "Still farther aided in the work divine." "She ceased; a voice more awful thus replied:" "O thou! in whom for ever I delight, "Fairer than all the inhabitants of heaven, "Best image of thy Author! far from thee "Be disappointment, or distaste, or blame, "Who soon or late shall every work fulfill, "And no resistance find. If man refuse "To hearken to thy dictates, or allured "By meaner joys to any other power "Transfer the honors due to thee alone, "That joy which he pursues he never shall taste, "That power in whom delights never behold. "Go then once more, and happy be thy toil; "Go then, but let not this thy smiling friend "Partake thy footsteps. In her stead, behold "With thee the son of Nemesis I send, "The fiend abhorred! whose vengeance takes account "Of sacred Order's violated laws. "See where he calls thee, burning to be gone, "Fierce to exhaust the tempest of his wrath "On yon' devoted head. But thou, my Child! "Control his cruel phrensy, and protect "Thy tender charge, that when despair shall grasp "His agonizing bosom he may learn, "Then he may learn, to love the gracious hand "Alone sufficient in the hour of ill "To save his feeble spirit; then confess "Thy genuine honors, O excelling Fair! "When all the plagues that wait the deadly will "Of this avenging demon, all the storms "Of night infernal, serve but to display "The energy of thy superior charms "With mildest awe triumphant over his rage, "And shining clearer in the horrid gloom." "Here ceased that awful voice, and soon I felt "The cloudy curtain of refreshing eve "Was closed once more, from that immortal fire "Sheltering my eyelids. Looking up I viewed "A vast gigantick spectre striding on "Through murmuring thunders and a waste of clouds "With dreadful action. Black as night his brow "Relentless frowns involved: his savage limbs "With sharp impatience violent he writhed "As through convulsive anguish; and his hand, "Armed with a scorpion lash, full often he raised "In madness to his bosom; while his eyes "Rained bitter tears, and bellowing loud he shook "The void with horror. Silent by his side "The virgin came; no discomposure stirred "Her features; from the glooms which hung around "No stain of darkness mingled with the beam "Of her divine effulgence. Now they stoop "Upon the river bank, and now to hail "His wonted guests with eager steps advanced "The unsuspecting inmate of the shade.