verses, but that glorious enthusiasm of soul, that fine phrensy, in which the poet's eye rolling glances from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven, as Shakespeare feelingly describes it. This alone is poetry; aught else is a mechanical art of putting syllables harmonicusly together. The gentleman I mean is Dr. Akenside, the worthy Author of The Pleasures of Imagination, the most beautiful didactick poem that ever adorned the English language." On the other hand the late Mr. Gray, in a letter to Mr. Wharton of Old Park near Durham, dated Peterhouse 26th April 1744, (Mason's 4to edit. of Gray, p. 178.) says, "You desire to know, it seems, what character the poem of your young friend (Dr. Akenside) bears here. I wonder that you ask the opinion of a nation where those who pretend to judge do not judge at all, and the rest (the wiser part) wait to catch the judgment of the world immediately above them, that is, Dick's and the Rainbow coffeehouses. Your readier way would be to ask the ladies who keep the bars in those two theaters of criticism. However, to show you that I am a judge as well as my countrymen, I will tell you, though I have rather turned it over than read it, (Pleasures of Imagination) but no matter, no more have they, that it seems to me above the middling, and now and then, for a little while, rises even to the best, particularly in description. It is often obscure, and even unintelligible, and too much infected with the Hutchinson jargon. In short, its great fault is that it was published at least nine years too early. And so methinks, in a few words, a la mode du Temple. I have very prettily dispatched what perhaps may for several years have employed a very ingenious man worth fifty of myself." "As these observations were hastily delivered in a private letter, before the poem had been maturely examined, we may be allowed (say the writers of The Biographia to think them too severe, and to steer a middle course between Mr. Gray and Mr. Cooper. The obscurity of The Pleasures of Imagination, when read with attention, will chiefly be found in the allegory of the second book, which we freely confess we could never understand. It might likewise have been better if the peculiar language of Hutchinson, or rather of Shaftesbury, had sometimes been omitted. Nevertheless we cannot but regard it as a noble and beautiful poem, exhibiting many bright displays of genius and fancy, and holding out sublime views of Nature, Providence, and morality. We concur with Mr. Gray in thinking it was published too early: the Author himself became afterward of the same sentiment; he was convinced that the poem was defective in some respects, and redundant in others." "That it wanted revision and correction," says Mr. Dyson, his editor, "he was sufficiently sensible; but so quick was the demand for several successive republications, that in any of