Reader will easily discover many other Strokes of the same Nature. THERE is no question but Milton had heated his Imagination with the Fight of the Gods in Homer, before he entered upon this Engagement of the Angels. Homer there gives us a Scene of Men, Heroes, and Gods mixed together in Battle. Mars animates the contending Armies, and lifts up his Voice in such a manner, that it is heard distinctly amidst all the Shouts and Confusion of the Fight. Jupiter at the same time thunders over their Heads; while Neptune raises such a Tempest, that the whole Field of Battle, and all the Tops of the Mountains, shake about them. The Poet tells us, that Pluto himself, whose Habitation was in the very Center of the Earth, was so affrighted at the Shock, that he leapt from his Throne. Homer afterward describes Vulcan as pouring down a Storm of Fire upon the River Xanthus, and Minerva as throwing a Rock at Mars; who, he tells us, covered seven Acres in his Fall. AS Homer has introduced into his Battle of the Gods every thing that is great and terrible in Nature, Milton has filled his Fight of Good and Bad Angels with all the like Circumstances of Horror. The Shout of Armies, the Rattling of Brazen Chariots, the Hurling of Rocks and Mountains, the Earthquake, the Fire, the Thunder, are all of them employed to lift up the Reader's Imagination, and give him a suitable Idea of so great an Action. With what Art has the Poet represented the whole Body of the Earth trembling, even before it was created. All Heaven resounded, and had Earth been then, All Earth had to its Center shook -- IN how sublime and just a Manner does he afterward describe the whole Heaven shaking under the Wheels of the Messiah's Chariot, with that Exception to the Throne of God? -- Under his burning Wheels The steadfast Empyrean shook throughout, All but the Throne it self of God -- NOTWITHSTANDING the Messiah appears clothed with so much Terror and Majesty, the Poet has still found Means to make his Readers conceive an Idea of him beyond what he himself was able to describe. Yet half his Strength he put not forth, but checked His thunder in mid Volly, for he meant Not to destroy, but root them out of Heaven. IN a Word, Milton's Genius, which was so great in it self, and so strenghened by all the Helps of Learning, appears in this Book every way equal to his Subject, which was the most sublime that could enter into the Thoughts of a Poet. As he knew all the Arts of Affecting the Mind, he knew it was necessary to give it certain Resting-places and Opportunities of recovering it self from Time to Time: He has therefore with great Address interspersed several Speeches, Reflections, Similitudes, and the like Reliefs, to diversifie his Narration, and ease the Attention of the Reader, that