this, the Subject of which gave Occasion to them. The Author's Imagination was so inflamed with this great Scene of Action, that wherever he speaks of it, he rises, if possible, above himself. Thus where he mentions Satan in the Beginning of his Poem. -- Him the Almighty Power Hurt'd headlong flaming from the Etherial Sky, With hideous ruin and combustion down To bottomless perdition, there to dwell In Adamantine Chains and Penal Fire, Who durst defy the Omnipotent to Arms. WE have likewise several noble Hints of it in the infernal Conference. O Prince, O Chief of many throned Powers That led the embattel'd Seraphim to War, Too well I see and rue the dire event, That with sad overthrow and foul defect Has lost us Heaven and all this mighty host In horrible destruction laid thus low. But see the angry Victor has recalled His Ministers of vengeance and pursuit Back to the gates of Heaven: The Sulphurous hail, Shot after us in Storm, o'erblown has laid The fiery Surge, that from the Precipice Of Heaven received us falling, and the Thunder Winged with red lightning and impetuous rage, Perhaps has spent his Shafts, and ceases now To bellow through the vast and boundless Deep. THERE are several other very sublime Images on the same Subject in the First Book, as also in the Second. What when we fled amain, pursued and struck With Heaven's afflicting Thunder, and besought The Deep to shelter us; this Hell then seemed A refuge from those wounds -- IN short, the Poet never mentions any thing of this Battle, but in such Images of Greatness and Terror as are suitable to the Subject. Among several others, I cannot forbear quoting that Passage where the Power, who is described as presiding over the Chaos, speaks in the Third Book. Thus Satan; and him thus the Anarch old With faultring speech and visage incompos'd Answered, I know thee, Stranger, who thou art, That mighty leading Angel, who of late Made head against Heavens King, though overthrown. I saw and hoard; for such a numerous Host Fled not in Silence through the frighted Deep With ruin upon ruin, rout on rout, Confusion worse confounded; and Heavens Gates Poured out by Millions her victorious Bands Pursuing. -- IT required great Pregnacy of Invention, and Strength of Imagination, to fill this Battle with such Circumstances as should raise and astonish the Mind of the Reader; and, at the same time, an Exactness of Judgment to avoid every thing that might appear light or trivial. Those who look into Homer, are surpised to find his Battles still rising one above another, and improving in Horror, to the Conclusion of the Iliad. Milton's Fight of Angels is wrought up with the same Beauty. It is ushered in with such Signs of Wrath as are suitable to Omnipotence incensed. The first Engagement is carried on under a Cope of Fire, occasioned by the Flights of innumerable burning Darts and Arrows