sky, whatever the tint it takes, O'er-rule thy pallet. Frequent have I seen, In landscapes well composed, aerial hues So ill-preserv'd, that whether cold or heat, Tempest or calm, prevailed, was dubious all. Not so thy pencil, CLAUDE, the season marks: Thou make us pant beneath thy summer noon; And shiver in thy cool autumnal eve. Such are the powers of sky; and therefore Art Selects what best is suited to the scenes It means to form: to this adapts a morn, To that an evening ray. Light mists full often Give mountain-views an added dignity, While tame impoverished scenery claims the force Of splendid lights and shades; nor claims in vain. Thy sky adjusted, all that is remote First color faintly: leaving to the last Thy foreground. Easier it is, thou know, to spread Thy floating foliage over the sky; than mix That sky amid the branches. Venture still On warmer tints, as distances approach Nearer the eye: nor fear the richest hues, If to those hues thou giv'st the meet support Of strong opposing shade. A canvas once I saw, on which the Artist dared to paint A scene in Indostan; where gold, and pearl Barbaric, flamed on many a broider'd vest Profusely splendid: yet chaste Art was there, Opposing hue to hue; each shadow deep So spread, that all with sweet accord produced A bright, yet modest whole. Thus blend thy tints, Be they of scarlet, orange, green, or gold, Harmonious, till one general glow prevail Unbroken by abrupt and hostile glare. Let shade predominate, it makes each light More lucid, yet destroys offensive glare. Mark when in fleecy showers of snow, the clouds Seem to descend, and whiten over the land, What unsubstantial unity of tinge Involves each prospect: Vision is absorbed; Or, wandering through the void, finds not a point To rest on: All is mockery to the eye. Thus light diffused, debases that effect Which shade improves. Behold what glorious scenes Arise through Nature's works from shade. Yon lake With all its circumambient woods, far less Would charm the eye, did not the dusky mist Creeping along its eastern shores, ascend Those towering cliffs, mix with the ruddy beam Of opening day, just damp its fires, and spread Over all the scene a sweet obscurity. But would thou see the full effect of shade Well mass'd, at eve mark that upheaving cloud, Which charged with all the artillery of Jove, In awful darkness, marching from the east, Ascends; see how it blots the sky, and spreads, Darker, and darker still, its dusky veil, Till from the east to west, the cope of heaven It curtains closely round. Happily thou stand'st Expectant of the loud convulsive burst, When lo! the sun, just sinking in the west, Pours from the horizon's verge a splendid ray, Which tenfold grandeur to the darkness adds. Far to the east the radiance shoots, just tips Those tufted groves; but all its splendor pours On yonder castled cliff, which chiefly owes