beauties beyond it is power to create, may contain deformities, which it might wish to remove. It corrects one part of nature by another; and composes a landscape, as the artist composed his celebrated Venus, by selecting accordant beauties from different originals. Scarce any single archetype is sufficiently correct. Any other idea of improving nature is absurd; and can be adopted only by men of false taste, who imagine they improve her by an addition of heterogeneous decorations. As to the improvement of such vast scenes as these, it is in every shape, except by a little planting, beyond all power of art. I cannot therefore be understood to suggest improvement here. All we get by imagining, how such a country as this might be improved, is merely a little practice in the rules of picturesque composition. We may remark further, that the power which the imagination has over these scenes, is not greater, than the power, which they have over the imagination. No tame country, however beautiful, however adorned, can distend the mind, like this awful, and majestic scenery. The wild sallies of untutored genius often strike the imagination more, than the most correct effusions of cultivated parts. Tho the eye therefore might take more pleasure in a view (considered merely in a picturesque light) when a little adorned by the hand of art; yet I much doubt, whether such a view would have that strong effect on the imagination; as when rough with all it is bold irregularities about it; when beauty, and deformity, grandeur and horror, mingled together, strike the mind with a thousand opposing ideas; and like chemical infusions of an opposite nature, produce an effervescence, which no harmonious mixtures could produce. Surely there is a hidden power, that reigns 'Mid the lone majesty of untamed nature, Controuling sober reason -- Were a lover of nature placed abruptly in the midst of such scenes as these, the effect might be too strong: and in this instance, as in others, he might discover the weakness of his first progenitor; in whom, on viewing suddenly a grand landscape, we are told, So deep the power of those ingredients pierced, Even to the inmost seat of mortal sight, That Adam now enforced to close his eyes, Sank down, and all his spirits became in tranced. But nature, which brings out the sun through the medium of twilight, has in this case also provided for the weakness of the visual nerve. These grand scenes are gradually introduced. The idea grows imperceptibly to maturity. The great stones of yesterday become rocks today. Hills, in a few stages, are converted into mountains; and we see, now and then, the glimpse of a lake; before the eye is filled with the whole vast, splendid surface of it. If the imagination be thus fired by these romantic scenes even in their common state, how much more may we suppose it wrought on, when they strike us under some extraordinary circumstance of beauty, or terror