insipidity; as by aiming to give those bold, those strong characteristic touches, which excite the imagination; and lead it to form half the picture, itself. Painting is the art of deceiving; and it is great perfection lies in the exercise of this art. Hence it is that genius, and knowledge are as requisite in surveying a picture, as in painting one. The cold, untutored eye, (tho it may enjoy the real scene, (be it history, History-painting is certainly the most elevated species. Nothing exalts the human mind so much, as to see the great actions of our fellow creatures brought before the eye. But this pleasure we seldom find in painting. So much is required from the history-painter, so intimate a knowledge both of nature and art, that we rarely see a history-piece, even from the best masters, that is able to raise raptures. We may admire the coloring, or the execution; or some under-part; but the soul is seldom reached. The imagination soars beyond the picture. In the inferior walks of painting, where less is required, more of course is performed: and tho we have few good pictures in history, we have many in portrait, in landscape, in animal-life, dead-game, fruit, and flowers. History painting is a mode of epic; and tho the literary world abounds with admirable productions in the lower walks of poetry, an epic is the wonder of an age. landscape, or what it will) is unmoved at the finest representation. It does not see an exact resemblance of what it sees abroad; and having no internal pencil, if I may so speak, to work within; it is utterly unable to administer a picture to itself. Whereas the learned eye The admirers of painting may be divided into two classes: -- The inferior admirer values himself on distinguishing the master -- on knowing the peculiar touch of each pencil; and the ruling tint of every pallet. But he has no feeling. If the picture be an original, or if it be in the master's best manner (which may be the case of many a bad picture) it is the object of his veneration; tho the story be ill-told, the characters feebly marked, and a total deficiency appear in every excellence of the art. The more liberal professor, (and who alone is here considered as capable of administering a picture to himself) thinks the knowledge of names, (any further than as it marks excellence, till we get a better criterion,) is the bane of the art he admires. A work, worthy of admiration, may be produced by an inferior hand; and a paltry composition may escape from a master. He would have the intrinsic merit of a work, not any arbitrary stamp proclaim it is excellence. In examining a picture, he leaves the name entirely out of the question. It may mislead, it cannot assist, his judgment. The characters of nature, and the knowledge of art, are all he looks for: the rest, be they Guido's, Carrache's,