the production of a whole. Whereas the master's great care should be, first to contrive a whole; and then to adapt the parts, as artificially as he can. I speak of imaginary landscape: when he paints a particular view, his management must be just the reverse. He has the parts given him; and he must form them into a whole, as he can: and this is often difficult. There is nothing however that tends so much to produce a whole, as a proper distribution of light, and shade; which we best obtain, when we can present our landscape under one of these grand effects of nature. A common sunshine furnishes lights -- not masses -- It may throw a beautiful illumination on particular objects; but the grand effects of nature furnish the best opportunities of forming the masses of each. What gives the most grandeur to these effects is a predominancy of shade; which has always more dignified ideas annexed to it, than a predominancy of light. And yet how little is this observed? In the generality of pictures, and prints, you see the balance on the other side; and are often offended with glaring spots of light, which destroy the idea of a whole. The painter should examine his piece therefore with great care. He may put out one light, after another; and reviewing his work with a fresh eye, may still find some glaring part to erase, before he venture it abroad. On this occasion he may apply with good sense, and form into an adage, a very nonsensical passage, (as it appears) in Shakespeare: Put out the light -- and then -- put out the light. If the artificial representation of every subject seems rather to require a balance of shade, in sublime subjects it is still more required. All writers on sublime subjects deal in shadows, and obscurity See Burke on the sublime. . The grandeur of Jehovah is commonly represented by the Hebrew writers behind a cloud. The imagination makes up deficiences by grander ideas, than it is possible for the pencil to produce. Many images owe much of their sublimity to their indistinctness; and frequently what we call sublime is the effect of that heat and fermentation, which ensues in the imagination from it is ineffectual efforts to conceive some dark, obscure idea beyond it is grasp. Bring the same within the compass of it is comprehension, and it may continue great; but it will cease to be sublime. This speces of the sublime is oftener found in the composition of the poet, than of the painter. In general, the poet has great advantages over the painter, in the process of sublimication, if the term may be allowed. The business of the former is only to excite ideas; that of the latter, to represent them. The advantage of excited, over represented ideas is very great, inasmuch as they are in some degree the reader's own production, and are susceptible of those modifications, which make