be beautiful on canvas. We sometimes also see in a woody scene, coruscations, like a bright star, occasioned by a sunbeam darting through an eyelet-hole among the leaves. Many painters, and especially Rubens, have been fond of introducing this radiant spot in their landscapes. But in painting it is one of those trifles, which produces no effect: nor can this radiance be given. In poetry indeed it may produce a pleasing image. Shakespeare has introduced it beautifully; where speaking of the force of truth entering a guilty conscience, he compares it to the sun, which -- fires the proud tops of the eastern pines, And darts his light through every guilty hole. It is one of those circumstances, which poetry may offer to the imagination; but the pencil cannot well produce to the eye; and if it could, it were better omitted; as it attracts the eye from what is more interesting. Under the sameness of Italian skies the beauties of a setting-sun are hardly known. There the radiant orb courses his way with equal splendour from one end of the hemisphere to the other. Nothing refracts his beam. To the vapors of grosser climates, we owe those beautiful tints, which accompany his whole journey through the skies; but especially his parting ray. Thus far the sources of incidental beauty are all derived from milder skies. But the turbulence of the atmosphere is still a more fruitful source of picturesque effect, in the forest, as in other scenes. Unaided indeed by sunshine the storm has little power. But when the force of the tempest separates the clouds into large, dark, unequal forms; and the rays of the sun stream from behind them athwart a clear horizon, if the objects correspond, a very sublime picture is exhibited. No master was better acquainted with these circumstances than the younger Vandervelt. In all his sea-storms he avails himself of them; and is remarkable for the grand masses of light, and shade, which he produces. The land-storm is equally a source of beauty. When the tempest scowls over the forest, as we traverse it is deep recesses, what grandeur do the internal parts of it receive from the casual ray darting upon them! Or when we view it as a distant object, and see the storm blackening behind trees; with what wonderful effect does the sun, in an opposite direction, strike their tufted heads! But if that sun be setting, while the tempest is brewing over the hemisphere, black toward the east -- lurid -- more purple -- and glowing with red, as it advances toward the west -- then it is, that the utmost value is given to it is effect. The castle, the lake, or the forest-scene, whether viewed in shadow against the ruddy light, or illumined under the storm; appear in full grandeur; and we see all that light and shade in extreme contention, yet fully harmonized, can produce. Vain are the hopes by coloring to display The bright effulgence of