of tempest: and yet I know not, whether, under this latter circumstance, it may not have a still greater power over the imagination. Every little idea is lost in the wild uproar and confusion of such a scene. Nor is it in this disturbed state, less an object of picturesque beauty. The sky floating with broken clouds -- the mountains half obscured by driving vapors; and mingling with the sky in awful obscurity -- the trees straining in the blast -- and the lake stirred from the bottom, and whitening every rocky promontory with it is foam; are all objects highly adapted to the pencil. In the midst of the tempest, if a bright sunbeam should suddenly break out; and in Shakespeare's language, light up the storm, the scenery of an agitated lake, thus assisted by the powers of contrast, affects both the imagination, and the eye, in a still greater degree. Some broad mountain-side, catching a mass of light, produces an astonishing effect amidst the leaden gloom, which surrounds it. Perhaps a sunbeam, half-suffused in vapor, darting between two mountains, may stretch along the water in a lengthened gleam, just as the skiff passes to receive the light upon it is swelling sail: while the sea-gull, wheeling along the storm, turns it is silvery side, strongly illumined, against the bosom of some lurid cloud; and by that single touch of opposition, gives double darkness to the rising tempest. Compared with such scenes, how inanimate do the subjects of Canaletti appear! -- how flat his square canals, and formal street-perspective; when opposed to spreading lakes, and sweeping mountains! -- the puny labors of men, to the bold, irregular scenery of nature! Nor can we help regretting the loss of such pictures as might have been produced, if Canaletti's free pencil had been thrown loose in such a country as this. But these scenes are not only superior to the subjects of Canaletti; but to those of a greater master, the younger Vanderveld. Sea-views, tho grander in some respects, are, on the whole, inferior to the views before us. Their great deficiency is the want of variety in their accompaniments. One species of them indeed, and but one, is superior to the utmost efforts of the lake -- the segment of some land-locked bay; which, in a storm especially, is a noble subject: the waters are more agitated, and form bolder swells; which, of course, receive grander effects of light. Here too, instead of the dancing skiff, we are presented with the terrors of shipwreck. The beacon also, seated on a bleak eminence, marks the coast with peculiar danger; while the distant port-town, discovered by a gleam of light under the shadowing cliff, makes the scene still more affecting by the exclusion of hope within sight of security. I have only farther to observe, in general, on the scenes of this romantic country, that they are subject to violent convulsions of various kinds. Every thing, here, is in the grand style.