expectation held In horror; now wrath imminent amazed With dreadful precipice, to all it seems More formidable near; then from the throne A vocal thunder rolled the sense of God, Majestically long, repugnant all To princes customs here; their judgments flash On guilt, wi^h words concise, and sudden blaze. Quite otherwise, the Gods' enlarged speech Set wide the fate of things; that all around Might take full prospects of their coming doom. Servants of God! and Virtues great in arms! W' approve your faithful works, and you return Blessed from the dire pursuit of rebel foes; Resolved, obdurate, they have tried the force Of this right hand, and known Almighty power; Transfixed with lightning down they sunk, they fell Into the fiery gulf, and deep they plunge Below the burning waves, to hide their heads In shelter from my vengeance bellowing hence More fierce, and scorching with more dreadful fires; There let 'em find their doom, that durst defy Omnipotence, and slight his proffered grace; Rolling in flames, and never to feel a dawn Of heavenly day; instead, the mind imbibes Eternal gloom, and sindg'd with constant flames, Can find no ease; while fierce their boiling rage Eats through th'impyreal mould, and glows within With endless pain; not one repentant thought Shall cool the breast, but proud in horrid crime, The soul anheals and hardens in the fire. But you! commissioned by commands divine, Have wisely filled your trust, and closed 'em all Within the fervid lake, lest any roam Into the dark abyss to shun their doom, And in the womb immense of things unborn Should seek annihilation; you must rise Among the shining virtues, more sublime; On lofty thrones preferred for lofty deeds. For you, ye guilty throng! that lately joined In this sedition, since seduced from good, And caught in trains of guile, by spirits malign, Superior in their order; you accept, Trembling, my heavenly clemency and grace. When the long era once has filled its orb, You shall emerge to light, and humbly here Again shall bow before this favoring throne, If your own virtue second my decree: But all must have their manes first below, So stands the eternal fate, but smoother yours Than what lost angels feel; nor can our reign, Without just dooms, the peace of heaven secure; For forms celestial new erect in glory Would totter, dazzled with the heights of power, Did not the nerves of justice fix their sight. See, where below in Chaos wondrous deep A speck of light dawns forth, and thence throughout The shades, in many a wreath, my forming power There swiftly turns the burning eddy round, Absorbing all crude matter near its brink; Which next, with subtle motions, takes the form I please to stamp, the seed of infant worlds All now in embryo, but ere long shall rise Variously scattered in this vast expanse, Involved in winding orbs, until the brims Of outward circles brush these heavenly gates. The middle point a globe of