War Has curbed the fury of his car, And dropped his thirsty lance at thy command. Perching on the scept'red hand Of Jove, thy magic lulls the feathered king With ruffled plumes, and flagging wing: Quenched in dark clouds of slumber lie The terror of his beak, and lightenings of his eye. I. 3. Thee the voice, the dance, obey, Tempered to thy warbled lay. Over Idalia's velvet-green The rosy-crowned Loves are seen On Cytherea's day, With antic Sports, and blue-eyed Pleasures, Frisking light in frolic measures; Now pursuing, now retreating, Now in circling troops they meet: To brisk notes in cadence beating Glance their many-twinkling feet. Slow melting strains their Queen's approach declare: Wherever she turns the Graces homage pay. With arms sublime, that float upon the air, In gliding state she wins her easy way: Over her warm cheek, and rising bosom, move The bloom of young Desire, and purple light of Love. II. 1. Man's feeble race what Ills await, Labor, and Penury, the racks of Pain, Disease, and Sorrow's weeping train, And Death, sad refuge from the storms of Fate! The fond complaint, my Song, disprove, And justify the laws of Jove. Say, has he given in vain the heavenly Muse? Night, and all her sickly dews, Her Specter wan, and Birds of boding cry, He gives to range the dreary sky: Till down the eastern cliffs afar Hyperion's march they spy, and glittering shafts of war. II. 2. In climes beyond the solar road, Where shaggy forms over ice-built mountains roam, The Muse has broke the twilight-gloom To cheer the shivering Native's dull abode. And often, beneath the odorous shade Of Chili's boundless forests laid, She deigns to hear the savage Youth repeat, In loose numbers wildly sweet, Their feather-cinctured Chiefs, and dusky Loves. Her track, wherever the Goddess roves, Glory pursue, and generous Shame, The unconquerable Mind, and Freedom's holy flame. II. 3. Woods, that wave over Delphi's steep, ^es, that crown the Egaean deep, ^ields, that cool Ilissus laves, Or where Maeander's amber waves (...) lingering Lab'rinths creep, How do your tuneful Echo's languish, Mute, but to the voice of Anguish! Where each old poetic Mountain Inspiration breathed around; Every shade and hallowed Fountain Murmured deep a solemn sound: Till the sad Nine in Greece's evil hour Left their Parnassus for the Latian plains. Alike they scorn the pomp of tyrant-Power, And coward Vice, that revels in her chains. When Latium had her lofty spirit lost, They sought, oh Albion! next, thy sea-encircled coast. III. 1. Far from the sun and summer-gale, In thy green lap was Nature's Darling laid, What time, where lucid Avon strayed, To Him the mighty Mother did unveil Her aweful face: The dauntless Child Stretched sorth his little arms, and smiled. This pencil take (she said) whose colors clear Richly paint the vernal year: Thine too these golden keys, immortal Boy! This can unlock the gates of Joy; Of Horror that, and thrilling Fears, Or open the sacred