Sweetly let the numbers roll: Sooth him into hope divine. Now lowly let the rustic measure glide, To quell the dark remains of self-consuming Pride; Till Nature's home-sprung blessings he confess, And own that calm content is happiness. -- Ye woods and lakes, ye cliffs and mountains! Haunted grots, and living fountains! Listen to your shepherd's lay, Whose artless carols close the day. Bounding kids around him throng; The steep rock echoes back his song: While all unseen to mortal eye, Sliding down the evening sky, Holy Peace, though born above, Daughter of Innocence and Love, Quits her throne and mansion bright, Her crown of stars, and robe of light, Serene, in gentle smiles arrayed, To dwell beneath his palm tree shade. Hail, meek angel! awful guest! Still pour thy radiance over my breast! Pride and Hate in courts may shine: The shepherd's calm and blameless tent is thine! -- Softly, softly breathe your numbers; And wrap his wearied soul in slumbers! Gentle Sleep, becalm his breast, And close his eyes in healing rest! Descend, celestial visions, ye who wait, God's ministering powers, at heaven's eternal gate! Ye, who nightly vigils keep, And rule the silent realms of Sleep, Exalt the just to joys refined, And plunge in woe the guilty mind; Descend! -- Oh, waft him to the skies, And open all heaven's glories to his eyes! Beyond yon starry roof, by seraphs trod, Where Light's unclouded fountains blaze; Where choirs immortal hymn their God, Intranc'd in ecstasy of ceaseless praise. Angels, heal his anguish! Your harps and voices join! His grief to bliss shall languish, When soothed by sounds divine. Behold, with dawning joy each feature glows! See, the blissful tear overflows! -- The fiend is fled! -- Let music's rapture rise: Now Harmony, thy every nerve employ: Shake the dome, and pierce the skies: Wake him, wake him into joy. -- What power can every Passion's throne control? What power can boast the charm divine, To still the tempest of the soul? Celestial Harmony, that mighty charm is thine! She, heavenly-born, came down to visit earth, When from God's eternal throne The beam of all-creative Wisdom shone, And spoke fair Order into birth. At Wisdom's call she robed yon glittering skies, Attun'd the spheres, and taught consenting orbs to rise. Angels wrapped in wonder stood, And saw that all was fair, and all was good. 'Twas then, ye sons of God, in bright array Ye shouted over creation's day: Then kindling into joy, The morning stars together sung: And thro'the vast ethereal sky Seraphic hymns and loud hosannahs rung. AN INSCRIPTION WRITTEN AT A FAVORITE RETIREMENT IN MAY MDCCLVIII. BY THE SAME. WHAT though nor glittering turret rise, Nor Splendour gild these mild retreats? Yet Nature here, in modest guise, Displays her unambitious sweets: Along each gentle swelling lawn She strays, with rustic garlands crowned; And wakes the flowers at early dawn, To fling their bosomed fragrance round. Here teach thy votary, blameless guide, To trace thy