languages and ages famed, Bears me remote, over Gallia's woody bounds, Over the cloud-piercing Alps remote; beyond The vale of Arno purpled with the vine, Beyond the Umbrian and Etruscan hills, To Latium's wide champain, forlorn and waste, Where yellow Tiber his neglected wave Mournfully rolls. Yet once again, my Muse, Yet once again, and soar a loftier flight; Lo the resistless theme, imperial Rome! Fallen, fallen, a silent heap; her heroes all Sunk in their urns; behold the pride of pomp, The throne of nations fallen; obscured in dust; Even yet majestical; the solemn scene Elates the soul, while now the rising sun Flames on the ruins in the purer air Towering aloft, upon the glittering plain, Like broken rocks, a vast circumference; Rent palaces, crushed columns, rifted moles, Fanes rolled on fanes, and tombs on buried tombs. Deep lies in dust the Theban obelisc, Immense along the waste; minuter art, Gliconian forms, or Phidian, subtly fair, O'erwhelming; as the immense LEVIATHAN The finny brood, when near Ierne's shore Out-stretch'd, unwieldy, his island length appears Above the foamy flood. Globose and huge, Grey-mould'ring temples swell, and wide overcast The solitary landscape, hills, and woods, And boundless wilds; while the vine-mantled brows The pendent goats unveil, regardless they Of hourly peril, though the clefted domes Tremble to every wind. The pilgrim often At dead of night, 'mid his oraison hears Aghast the voice of time, disparting towers, Tumbling all precipitate down-dash'd, Rattling around, loud thundering to the moon: While murmurs sooth each aweful interval Of ever-falling waters; shrouded Nile Fountains at Rome adorned with the statues of those rivers. , Eridanus, and Tiber with his twins, And palmy Euphrates; they with dropping locks Hang over their urns, and mournfully among The plaintive-echoing ruins pour their streams. Yet here adventurous in the sacred search Of ancient arts, the delicate of mind, Curious and modest, from all climes resort, Grateful society! with these I raise The toilsome step up the proud Palatin, Through spiry cypress groves, and towering pine, Waving aloft over the big ruins brows, On numerous arches reared; and frequent stopped, The sunk ground startles me with dreadful chasm, Breathing forth darkness from the vast profound Of isles and halls, within the mountain's womb. Nor these the nether works; all these beneath, And all beneath the vales and hills around, Extend the cavern'd sewers, massy, firm, As the Sibylline grot beside the dead Lake of Avernus; such the sewers huge The Cloacae, which an conveyances for the filth and dirt of the city, are a work of very great antiquity, and are called by Pliny Opus Omnium Maximum, on account of the great capaciousness and firmness of the vaults. They were eight hundred years old in his time, being made by Tarquinius Priscus, and continue to this day. Wright's Traveis, 1730, p. 361. , Whither the great Tarquinian genius dooms Each wave impure; and proud with added rains, Hark how the mighty billows lash their vaults, And thunder; how they