search for Athens; her deserted ports Enter, a noiseless solitary shore, Where commerce crowded the Piraean strand. Trace her dark streets, her wall-embarrass'd shrines Wheeler's Travels, p. 346, 347, 380, 300. ; And pensive wonder, where her glories beamed. Where are her orators, her sages, now? -- Shattered her mouldering arcs, her towers in dust, -- But far less ruined, than her soul decayed. The stone, inscribed to Socrates, debased To prop a reeling cot. -- Minerva's dome Possessed by those, who never kissed her shield. -- Upon the mount where old Musaeus sung, Sits the gruff turban'd captain, and exacts Harsh tribute! -- In the grove, where Plato taught His polished strain sublime, a stupid Turk Is preaching ignorance and Mahomet. (Where He Demosthene^. , whom only dauntless Philip feared, Shook the astonished throng; -- here holy Paul Harangu'd the Pagan multitude, and brought To staring human wisdom news from heaven.) Turn next to Rome: -- Is that the clime, the place, Where, on his laureled throne, with tuneful choirs Of arts surrounded, great Augustus reigned? And (greater far) the venerable band Of elder heroes (fame's eternal theme!) In splendid huts, and noble poverty, Brave for their country lived, and fought, and died. Heaven! what firm Souls! who knew not gold had price, Nor perfidy, nor baseness knew. -- They, they, The demigods of Rome! whose master voice, Whose awe-commanding eye, more terror struck, Than rods, and lictors, and Praetorian bands. Could the pure crimson tide, the noblest blood, In all the world, to such pollution turn: Like Jordan's river, pouring his clear flood Into the black Asphaltus' slimy lake? Patrons of wit, and victors of mankind, Bards, warriors, worthies, (revolution strange!) Are pimps, and fiddlers, mountebanks, and monks. In Tully's hive, rich magazine of sweets! The lazy drones are buzzing, or asleep. But we forgive the living for the dead; Indebted more to Rome than we can pay: Of a long dearth prophetic, she laid in A feast for ages. -- O thou banquet nice! Where the soul riots with secure excess. What heartfelt bliss! what pleasure-winged hours Transported owe we to her-letter'd sons! -- We, by their favor, Tyber's banks enjoy, Their temples trace, and share their noble games; Enter the crowded theater at will; March to the forum; hear the consul plead; Are present in the thundering Capitol When Tully speaks. -- At softer hours, attend Harmonious Virgil to his Mantuan farm, Or Baia's shore: -- how often drink his strains, Rural, or epic, sweet! -- how often rove With Horace, bard and moralist benign! With happy Horace rove, in fragrant paths Of myrtle bowers, by Tivoli's cascade. Hail, precious pages! that amuse and teach, Exalt the genius, and improve the breast. Ye sage historians, all your stores unfold, Reach your clear steady mirror; -- in that glass The forms of good and ill are well portrayed. But chiefly thou, supreme Philosophy! Shed thy blessed influence; with thy train appear Of graces mild: far be the