canto 1^. Spenser viewed, What time the enchanter vile embrued, His hands in Florimel's pure heart, Till loosed by steel-clad Britomart: O thou that erst on Fancy's wing Did terror-trembling Gierus. Liberat. b. 14. Tasso bring, To groves where kept damned Furies dire Their blue-tipt battlements of fire: Thou that through many a darksome pine, Over the rugged rock recline, Did wake the hollow-whispering breeze With care-consumed Eloise: O thou, with whom in chearless cell, The midnight-clock pale prisoners tell; O haste thee, mild Miltonic maid, From yonder yew's sequestered shade; More bright than all the fabled Nine, Teach me to breathe the solemn line! O bid my well-rang'd numbers rise Pervious to none but Attic eyes; O give the strain that madness moves, Till every starting sense approves! What felt the Gallic I do not remember that any poetical use has been made of this story. traveller, When far in Arab-desert drear He found within the catacomb, Alive, the terrors of a tomb? While many a mummy through the shade, In hieroglyphic stole arrayed, Seemed to uprear the mystic head, And trace the gloom with ghostly tread; Thou heardst him pour the stifled groan, Horror! his soul was all thy own! O mother of the fire-clad thought, O haste thee from thy grave-like grot! (What time the witch performed her rite) Sprung from the embrace of Taste and Night! O queen! that erst did thinly spread The willowy leaves over See Isis, an Elegy. Isis' head, And to her meek mien did dispense Woe's most awful negligence; What time, in cave, with visage pale, She told her elegiac tale: O thou! whom wandering Warton saw, Amazed with more than youthful awe, As by the pale moon's glimmering gleam He mused his melancholy theme See The Pleasures of Melancholy, a poem. : O curfeu-loving goddess, haste! O waft me to some Scythian waste, Where, in Gothic solitude, 'Mid prospects most sublimely rude, Beneath a rough rock's gloomy chasm, Thy sister sits, Enthusiasm: Let me with her, in magic trance, Hold most delirious dalliance; Till I, thy pensive votary, Horror, look madly wild like thee; Until I gain true transport's shore, And life's retiring scene is over; Aspire to some more azure sky, Remote from dim mortality; At length, recline the fainting head, In Druid-dreams dissolved and dead. VERSES ON THE EXPECTED ARRIVAL OF QUEEN CHARLOTTE, IN AN EPISTLE TO A FRIEND, 1761. BY --. YES -- every hopeful son of rhyme Will surely seize this happy time, Vault upon Pegasus's back, Now grown an academic hack, And sing the beauties of a Queen, (Whom, by the by, he has not seen) Will swear her eyes are black as jet, Her teeth in pearls as coral set, Will tell us that the rose has lent Her cheek its bloom, her lips its scent, That Philomel breaks off her song, And listens to her sweeter tongue; That Venus and the Graces joined To form this Phoenix of her kind, And Pallas undertook