with astonishment invidious view His toils outdone by each plebeian Be, Who, at the royal mandate, on the wing From various herbs, and from discordant flowers, A perfect harmony of sweets compounds. Avaunt Conceit, Ambition take thy flight Back to the Prince of vanity and air! O! it is a thought of energy most piercing; Formed to make pride grow humble; formed to force Its weight on the reluctant mind, and give her A true but Irksome image of herself. Woeful vicissi^^^^^ when Man, fallen Man, Who first from Heaven, from gracious God himself Learned knowledge of the Brutes, must know, by Brutes Instructed and reproached, the scale of being; By slow degrees from lowly steps ascend, And trace Omniscience upwards to its spring! Yet murmur not, but praise -- for though we stand Of many a Godlike privilege a^^^re'd By Adam's dire transgression, though no more Is Paradise our home, but over the portal Hangs in terrific pomp the burning blade; Still with ten thousand beauties blooms the Earth With pleasures populous, and with riches crowned. Still is there scope for wonder and for love Even to their last exertion -- showers of blessings Far more than human virtue can deserve, Or hope expect, or gratitude return. Then, O ye People, O ye Sons of Men, Whatever be the color of your lives, Whatever portion of itself his Wisdom Shall deign to allow, still patiently abide And praise him more and more; nor cease to chaunt ALL GLORY TO THE OMNISCIENT AND PRAISE, AND POWER AND DOMINATION IN THE HEIGHT! And thou, cherubic Gratitude, whose voice To pious ears sounds silverly so sweet, Come with thy precious incense, bring thy gifts, And with thy choicest stores the altar crown. TO THEO DOXA ON THE POWER OF THE SUPREME BEING. BY THE SAME. " TREMBLE, thou Earth! the anointed poet said, " At God's bright presence, tremble, all ye mountains, " And all ye hillocks on the surface bound." Then once again, ye glorious thunders roll, The Muse with transport hears ye, once again Convulse the solid continent, and shake, Grand music of Omnipotence, the isles. It Is thy terrific voice, thou God of Power, It Is thy terrific voice; all Nature hears it Awakened and alarmed; she feels its force, In every spring she feels it, every wheel, And every movement of her vast machine. Behold! quakes Apennine, behold! recoils Athos, and all the hoary-headed Alps Leap from their bases at the godlike sound. But what is this, celestial though the note, And proclamation of the reign supreme, Compared with such as, for a mortal ear Too great, amaze the incorporeal worlds? Should ocean to his congregated waves Call in each river, cataract, and lake, And with the watery world down an huge rock Fall headlong in one horrible cascade, 'Twere but the echo of the parting breeze, When Zephyr faints upon the lily's breast, 'Twere but the ceasing of some instrument, When the last lingering undulation Dies on