of poetic genius over the remotest and most uncivilized nations: its connection with liberty, and the virtues that naturally attend on it. (See the Erse, Norwegian, and Welsh Fragments, the Lapland and American Songs.) G. IMITATION. Extra anni solisque vias -- Virgil. Tutta lontana dal carmin del sole. Petrarch Canzon ii. In climes beyond the solar road, Where shaggy forms over ice-built mountains roam, The Muse has broke the twilight gloom To cheer the shivering Native's dull abode. And often, beneath the odorous shade Of Chili's boundless forests laid, She deigns to hear the savage Youth repeat, In loose numbers wildly sweet, Their feather-cinctured Chiefs, and dusky Loves. Her tract, wherever the Goddess roves, Glory pursue, and generous Shame, The unconquerable Mind, and Freedom's holy flame. II. 3. Progress of poetry from Greece to Italy, and from Italy to England. Chaucer was not unacquainted with the writings of Dante or of Petrarch. The Earl of Surrey and Sir Thomas Wyatt had traveled in Italy, and formed their taste there; Spenser imitated the Italian writers; Milton improved on them: but this school expired soon after the Restoration, and a new one arose on the French model, which has subsisted ever since. G. Woods, that wave over Delphi's steep, Isles, that crown the Egaean deep, Fields, that cool Illissus laves, Or where Maeander's amber waves In lingering Lab'rinths creep, How do your tuneful Echo's languish, Mute, but to the voice of Anguish! Where each old poetic Mountain Inspiration breathed around; Every shade and hallowed Fountain Murmured deep a solemn sound: 'Till the sad Nine in Greece's evil hour Left their Parnassus for the Latian plains. Alike they scorn the pomp of tyrant-Power, And coward Vice, that revels in her chains. When Latium had her lofty spirit lost, They sought, oh Albion! next thy sea-encircled coast. III. 1. An ingenious person, who sent Mr. Gray his remarks anonymously on this and the following ode soon after they were published, gives this stanza and the following a very just and well-expressed eulogy: A poet is perhaps never more conciliating than when he praises favorite predecessors in his art. Milton is not more the pride than Shakspeare the love of their country: it is therefore equally judicious to diffuse a tenderness and a grace through the praise of Shakspeare, as to extol in a strain more elevated and sonorous the boundless soarings of Milton's epic imagination. The critic has here well noted the beauty of contrast which results from the two descriptions; yet it is further to be observed, to the honor of our poet's judgment, that the tenderness and grace in the former does not prevent it from strongly characterizing the three capital persections of Shakspeare's genius; and when he describes his power of exciting terror (a species of the sublime he ceases to be diffuse, and becomes, as he ought to be, concise and energetical. M. Far from the sun and summer-gale, In thy green lap was Nature's Darling Shakspeare. G. laid, What