arise from thy infernal bed; " And pour thy tempest on his guilty head!" Thus heaven's decree, in thunder's sound, Shook the dark abyss profound. -- The unchain'd Furies come! Pale Melancholy stalks from hell: The abortive offspring of her womb, Despair and Anguish, round her yell. By sleepless terror Saul possessed, Deep feels the fiend within his tortured breast. Midnight specter round him howl: Before his eyes In troops they rise; And seas of horror overwhelm his soul. Haste! to Jesse's son repair: He best can sweep the lyre, Wake the solemn-sounding air, And lead the vocal choir: On every string soft-breathing raptures dwell, To sooth the throbbings of the troubled breast; Whose magic voice can bid the tides of passion swell, Or lull the raging storm to rest. Sunk on his couch, and loathing day, The heaven-forsaken monarch lay: To the sad couch the shepherd now drew near; And, while the obedient choir stood round, Prepared to catch the soul-commanding sound, He dropped a generous tear. -- Thy pitying aid, O God, impart! For lo, thy poisoned arrows drink his heart! The mighty song from chaos rose. -- Around his throne the formless atoms sleep, And drowzy Darkness broods upon the deep. -- Confusion, wake! Bid the realms of Chaos shake! Rouse him from his dread repose! Hark! loud Discord breaks her chain: The hostile atoms clash with deafning roar: Her hoarse voice thunders through the drear domain; And kindles every element to war. -- " Tumult cease! " Sink to peace! " Let there be light!" -- the Almighty said: And lo, the radiant Sun, Flaming from his orient bed, His endless course begun. See, the twinkling Pleiads rise: Thy star, Orion, reddens in the skies: While slow around the northern plain, Arcturus wheels his nightly wane. Thy glories, too, refulgent moon, he sung; Thy mystic mazes, and thy changeful ray: O fairest of the starry throng! Thy solemn orb of light Guides the triumphant carr of Night Over silver clouds, and sheds a softer day! Ye planets, and each circling constellation, In songs harmonious tell your generation! Oh, while yon radiant Seraph turns the spheres, And on the steadfast pole star stands sublime; Wheel your rounds To heavenly sounds; And sooth his song-enchanted ears With your celestial chime. In dumb surprise the listening monarch lay; (His woe suspended by sweet Music's sway;) And awe struck, with uplifted eye Mused on the newborn wonders of the sky. Lead the soothing verse along: He feels, he feels the power of song -- Ocean hastens to his bed: The laboring mountain rears his rock-encumber'd head: Down his steep and shaggy side The torrent rolls his thundering tide; Then smooth and clear, along the fertile plain Winds his majestic waters to the distant main. Flocks and herds the hills adorn: The lark, high-soaring, hails the morn. And while along yon crimson-clouded steep The slow sun steals into the golden deep, Hark! the solemn Nightingale Warbles to the woodland dale. See,