footstep of any human creature, or having the satisfaction of any certainty, that I was not involving myself deeper in those inexplicable wilds; choosing my steps by day with the most anxious dread of the serpents, and other venomous reptiles, which hissed continually on every side; and flying at the approach of night to some tree for safety from the various beasts, whose roarings tore the air around me; while I fed on wild fruits, with the birds of the air, except when failing of them I was forced to feed upon the birds themselves, which I slew with my bow and arrows. At length even these resources failed me. I was several days without meeting any fruits; and consequently met very few birds, which seldom resort any places, but those in which they find their food. My spirits losing by degrees the support of hope, sunk with my strength. I thought it in vain to struggle longer with a fate, which seemed inevitable; and therefore laid me down to wait for death, in whatever shape he should please to attack me. SECTION III. THE place I chose for this purpose was of itself sufficient to throw a gloom over the happiest mind. Stupendous ruins, inhabited by every animal, the most fierce and poisonous of the savage race, and surrounded with woods, almost impervious to them, hung over a rapid stream, broken into numberless cataracts, by the fragments of the buildings, which had fallen into it. Imagination wearied itself, in the present contemplation, in reflection on the former grandeur of this scene of desolation, till I sunk into a kind of slumber. But the impression made upon my mind, by such objects, had heightened the sense of my own misery, too much, to permit my sleeping long. I soon awoke, and raising my eyes, what was my astonishment to see a being, whose appearance was such as must strike the most insensible heart with awe. His stature arose, above the common size of man. His beard fell bright as burnished silver down his breast. A loose vesture showed his large limbs; and a staff supported him, as he stooped over me. My heart almost died within me, at the sight. I was sensible that I was awake; and wanted that intrepidity, with which sleep prepares us to behold its own creatures. I thought I beheld a being of another world; and though despair had steeled me against every common attack of fear, a sacred horror seized my whole soul; and for a time suspended all its faculties. Recovering at length the power of utterance, Defend me, heaven! I exclaimed, my life is in thine hand. -- Then prostrating myself at his feet, O gracious being, I continued, of whatsoever state, for my soul feels thou art above mortality, receive into thy protection, the most forlorn of mankind; and direct me to some end of the misery, under which I am now sinking. He saw the distress of my soul, and