reaching his hand with a look of ineffable benevolence, Arise, my son! said he, arise; and fear not. You behold a man, like yourself! A man, once as unhappy, as you can possibly be, till resignation, and the lenient hand of time, in some degree healed the wounds of misfortune; and restored peace to my heart. Nature, at the long disused sight of man, first led me toward you; and sympathy now bids me offer you all the consolation and assistance in my power. Encouraged by these words, and more by the manner, in which the venerable speaker of them addressed me, I arose; and bowing my head, in sign of grateful obedience, for I was not yet sufficiently assured to speak, I followed him toward his habitation, which he showed me at some distance from the other ruins, by the side of the river. It was a circular building of vast extent, the walls of which had been so high, that though a great part of them was fallen, in several places, that which remained standing, was still sufficient to exclude every creature, without wings: nor could I perceive a place of entrance, for any other, as he led me all around it. I was just going to express my surprise at this, when my conductor stooped; and taking a ladder, which lay concealed at a little distance, he applied it to a narrow aperture in the wall, at a considerable height from the ground, into which, when we had ascended, he drew the ladder after him. I found myself, now, in a large gallery, arched over-head, and supported by massy pillars, of the most exquisite workmanship. It looked into an open space, in the center of the building, part of which was planted with fruit trees of different sorts, and the rest cultivated as a garden, and filled with various kinds of vegetables. When I had indulged my curiosity for some minutes, in gazing at objects so new to me, we descended into a spacious apartment, under the gallery; in the middle of which there arose a fountain, that filled a bath of the whitest marble; and with its overflowing watered the garden, through which it was led in channels, cut for that purpose. SECTION IV. AS we advanced to the fountain, we were met by a young female, the sight of whom added to the wonder, with which my soul was filled. She was clad in a robe of blue silk, which covered her whole form. A net of the same color enclosed her hair, which was wrapped in woven tresses round her head; and shone like the plumes of the raven. Her eyes -- Hold! interrupted Temugin, I hate descriptions of beauty. They are always drawn, by an overheated imagination; and only make the partiality of the painter ridiculous. The captive blushed at this rebuke; and looking down abashed for some moments, sighed and resumed his story. She started at the sight of me; and gazing