regions below. We were amazed at the distinctness of vision, not recollecting that we had now passed through ten or twelve thousand feet of gross vapor, that blunts and confuses every ray, before it reaches the surface of the earth. We took notice of several of these meteors, called falling stars; which seemed as much above, as they do when standing on the earth below. In about an hour's climbing, we reached a place where there was no snow; and where a warm, and comfortable vapor issued from the mountain, which induced us to halt. The mercury here was at 19. 6. The thermometer three degrees below the freezing point; and, before we left the summit of Aetna, it fell two degrees more, to 27. From that spot, it was only about three hundred yards to the highest summit; where we arrived in full time, to see the most wonderful, and most sublime sight in nature. Description must ever fall short; for no imagination has dared to form an idea, of so glorious, and so magnificent a scene; nor is there on the surface of the globe, any one point, that unites so many awful and sublime objects. -- The immense elevation, from the surface of the earth; drawn, as it were, to a single point, without any neighboring mountain, for the senses and imagination to rest on, and recover from their astonishment, in their way down to the world: this point, or pinnacle, raised on the point of a bottomless gulf, as old as the world; often discharging rivers of fire, and throwing out burning rocks, with a noise that shakes the whole island. Add to this, the unbounded extent of the prospect, comprehending the greatest diversity, and most beautiful scenery in nature; with the rising sun, advancing in the East, to illumine the wondrous scene. The whole atmosphere, by degrees, kindle up, and show, dimly and faintly, the boundless prospect round. Both sea and land look dark and confused, as if only emerging from their original chaos; and light and darkness seem still undivided; till the morning, advancing by degrees, completes the separation. The stars are extinguished, and the shades disappear. The forests, which till now, seemed black and bottomless gulphs; from whence no ray was reflected, to show their form or colors, appear a new creation, rising to the sight, catching life and beauty from every increasing beam. The scene still enlarges, and the horizon widens and expands around; till the sun, like the Creator, appears in the East; and, with his plastic ray, completes the mighty scene. -- All appears enchantment, and it is with difficulty we can believe that we are still on earth. The senses, unaccustomed to the sublimity of such a scene, are bewildered and confounded; and it is not till after some time, they are capable of separating and judging of the objects that compose it. The body of the sun is seen rising from the ocean; immense tracks, both of sea