without head, hands, or feet; but, for the exquisite representation of the muscles, etc. preferred by Michael Angelo, to all the other remains of antiquity. This piece, which is commonly called il tronco di Belvidere, is enclosed with iron-work; and, according to Lancivi's account, was dug up in the Campo di Fiori. In the niche of a portico, surrounding a small open court, is the famous Apollo Belvidere, and the no less famous Laocoon; the former incomparably the finest single figure, and the latter the finest group in the world. Apollo is supposed to have just discharged his arrow at the Python: his attitude is beautiful, natural, and unaffected; his countenance composed and elegant; the workmanship of every part exquisite: he is longer from the middle downwards than nature, says Martyn; but this deviation, from the proportion of the human figure, adds greatly to his dignity; and, upon the whole, he has an unspeakable sublimity, that inspires admiration, awe, and reverence. When the folding doors were thrown open, of the niche which conceals the statue of Apollo, says Lady Millar, I started back with surprise. Never did I see any sculpture come so near the life, nor animation express so much majesty and dignity. I was struck with awe. The beautiful proportions of the limbs, the grandeur and noble air diffused over the whole figure, his commanding aspect, blended with angelic sweetness, joined to the most perfect feature, made me almost fancy he breathed and was about to speak. The point of view, says Sherlock, from whence is seen the most perfect union of the sublime and beautiful in nature, is from the top of Vesuvius. The point of view, from whence is seen the most perfect union of the sublime and beautiful in art, is in the court of the Apollo of Belvidere. From the former we see the mouth of the volcano; fields desolated by rivers of lava now frozen; a country of vineyards, of considerable extent, diversified by the most beautiful mixture of plains and hills; the city of Naples, the hill of Paufilippo, a number of islands scattered in a vast sea, etc. etc. In the court we see the Apollo, the Laocoon, the Antinous, and the celebrated torso of Hercules, called the torso of Michael Angelo, on account of the admiration which he had for this precious fragment. Here we see what the Greek nation was. Let me not be told of prejudice for the ancients, I have none; I only do justice to the merit of things, and it is very indifferent to me, says Sherlock, where they are found, or who are their authors. To be just, we must sometimes appear extravagant; when an object is transcendently beautiful, or great, suitable encouragement ought to be given to it. The pen of man cannot do justice to the poetry of Shakspeare, the genius of the King of Prussia, or the works of the Greeks. Many, I know, will condemn me for this last expression;