ere serious thought had birth, There was a time, my dear C -- s, when The Muse would take me on her airy wing And waft to views romantic; there present Some motley vision, shade and sun: the cliff O'erhanging, sparkling brooks, and ruins gray; Bad me meanders trace, and catch the form Of varying clouds, and rainbows learn to paint. Sometimes ambition, brushing by, would twitch My mantle, and with winning look sublime Allure to follow. What though steep the track, Her mountain's top would overpay when climbed The scaler's toil; her temple there was fine, And lovely thence the prospects. She could tell Where laurels grew, whence many a wreath antique; But more advised to shun the barren twig, (What is immortal verdure without fruit?) And woo some thriving art: her numerous mines Were open to the searcher's skill and pains. Caught by the harangue, heart beat, and fluttering pulse Sounded irregular marches to be gone -- What, pause a moment when Ambition calls? No, the blood gallops to the distant goal, And throbs to reach it. Let the lame sit still. When Fortune gentle, at the hill's verge extreme, Arrayed in decent garb, but somewhat thin, Smiling approached, and what occasion asked, Of climbing? She already provident Had cater'd well, if stomach could digest Her viands, and a palate not too nice. Unfit she said, for perilous attempt, That manly limb required, and sinews tough. She took, and laid me in a vale remote, Amid the gloomy scene of fir and yew, On poppy beds, where Morpheus strewn the ground: Obscurity her curtain round me drew, And siren Sloth a dull quietus sung. Sithence no fairy lights, no quickening ray, Nor stir of pulse, nor objects to entice Abroad the spirits; but the cloistered heart Sits squat at home, like pagod in a nitch Obscure, or grandees with nod-watching eye, And folded arms, in presence of the throne, Turk, or Indostan. -- Cities, forums, courts And prating sanhedrims, and drumming wars, Affect no more than stories told to bed Lethargic, which at intervals the sick Hears and forgets, and wakes to doze again. Instead of converse and variety, The same trite round, the same stale silent scene: Such are thy comforts, blessed Solitude! But Innocence is there, but Peace all kind, And simple Quiet with her downy couch, Meads lowing, tune of birds, and lapse of streams, And Saunter, with a book, and warbling Muse, In praise of hawthorns. -- Life's whole business this! Is it to bask in the sun, if so, a snail Were happy crawling on a southern wall. Why sits Content upon a cottage-sill At eventide, and blesses the coarse meal In sooty corner? why sweet slumbers wait The hard pallet? not because from haunt remote Sequestered in a dingle's bushy lap: It Is labor makes the peasant's sav'ry fare, And works out his repose: for ease must ask The leave of diligence to be enjoyed. Oh! listen not to that enchantress Ease