arms sublime, that float upon the air, In gliding state she wins her easy way: Over her warm cheek, and rising bosom, move The bloom of young Desire, and purple light of Love. II. 1. Man's feeble race what Ills await, Labor, and Penury, the racks of Pain, Disease, and Sorrow's weeping train, And Death, sad refuge from the storms of Fate! The fond complaint, my Song, disprove, And justify the laws of Jove. Say, has he given in vain the heavenly Muse? Night, and all her sickly dews, Her Specter wan, and Birds of boding cry, He gives to range the dreary sky: Till down the eastern cliffs afar Hyperion's march they spy, and glittering shafts of war. II. 2. In climes beyond the solar road, Where shaggy forms over ice-built mountains roam, The Muse has broke the twilight-gloom To cheer the shivering Native's dull abode. And often, beneath the odorous shade Of Chili's boundless forests laid, She deigns to hear the savage Youth repeat, In loose numbers wildly sweet, Their feather-cinctured Chiefs, and dusky Loves. Her track, wherever the Goddess roves, Glory pursue, and generous Shame, The unconquerable Mind, and Freedom's holy flame. II. 3. Woods, that wave over Delphi's steep, Isles, that crown the Egaean deep, Fields, that cool Ilissus laves, Or where Maeander's amber waves In lingering Lab'rinths creep, How do your tuneful Echo's languish, Mute, but to the voice of Anguish! Where each old poetic Mountain Inspiration breathed around; Every shade and hallowed Fountain Murmured deep a solemn sound: Till the sad Nine in Greece's evil hour Left their Parnassus for the Latian plains. Alike they scorn the pomp of tyrant-Power, And coward Vice, that revels in her chains. When Latium had her lofty spirit lost, They sought, oh Albion! next, thy sea-encircled coast. III. 1. Far from the sun and summer-gale, In thy green lap was Nature's Darling laid, What time, where lucid Avon strayed, To Him the mighty Mother did unveil Her aweful face: The dauntless Child Stretched forth his little arms, and smiled. This pencil take (she said) whose colors clear Richly paint the vernal year: Thine too these golden keys, immortal Boy! This can unlock the gates of Joy; Of Horror that, and thrilling Fears, Or open the sacred source of sympathetic Tears. III. 2. Nor second He, that rode sublime Upon the seraph-wings of Ecstasy, The secrets of the Abyss to spy. He passed the flaming bounds of Place and Time: The living Throne, the saphire-blaze, Where Angels tremble while they gaze, He saw; but blasted with excess of light, Closed his eyes in endless night. Behold, where Dryden's less presumptuous car, Wide over the fields of Glory bear Two coursers of ethereal race, With necks in thunder clothed, and long-resounding pace. III. 3. Hark, his hands the lyre explore! Bright-eyed Fancy hovering over Scatters from her pictured urn Thoughts, that breathe, and words, that burn. But ah! it is heard no more -- Oh! Lyre divine, what daring Spirit