the same Time thunders over their Heads; while Neptune raises such a Tempest, that the whole Field of Battle, and all the Tops of the Mountains, shake about them. The Poet tells us, That Pluto himself, whose Habitation was in the very Center of the Earth, was so affrighted at the Shock, that he leaped from his Throne. Homer afterward describes Vulcan, as pouring down a Storm of Fire upon the River Xanthus; and Minerva, as throwing a Rock at Mars, who he tells us covered Seven Acres in his Fall. WITH these imaginary ne plus ultra's had Mr. Addison so filled his Capacity, that when Ten thousand greater Beauties are before his Eyes, he stops short of them, and never in the least discerns them, as you will see immediately; for thus he goes on: AS Homer has introduced into his Battle of the Gods every Thing that is great and terrible in Nature, Milton has filled his Fight af good and bad Angels, with all the like Circumstances of Horror. The Shout of Armies, the Rattling of brazen Chariots, the Hurling of Rocks and Mountains, the Earthquake, the Fire, the Thunder, are all of them employed to lift up the Reader's Imagination, and give him a suitable Idea of so great an Action. With what Art does the Poet represent the whole Body of the Earth trembling, even before it was created? THUS, with this very pretty trifling Remark, does Mr. Addison stop short, within the very Touch of one of the vastest, and the sublimest Beauties, that ever was inspired by the God of Verse, or by Milton's Godlike Genius; when the very next Lines, the very next Words, strike and astonish us with such wonderful Ideas, as are able to lift up the Reader's Imagination to a Thousand Times a greater Height, than either the Shout of Armies, the Rattling of brazen Chariots, the Hurling of Rocks and Mountains, the Earthquake, the Fire, or the Thunder. But that these Beauties may be seen in all their Luster, and in all their Glory, give me leave to set the whole Passage before you. The Arch-Angel's Trumpet through the Vast of Heaven Resounded, and the faithful Armies rung Hosanna to the Highest: nor stood at gaze The adverse Legions, nor less hideous joined The horrid Shock; now storming Fury rose, And Clamor, such as heard in Heaven till now Was never; Arms on Armor clashing, brayed Horrible Discord, and the madding Wheels Of brazen Chariots raged; Dire was the Noise Of Conflict: Over-head the dismal Hiss Of fiery Darts, in flaming Vollies, flew, And, flying, vaulted either Host with Fire. So, under fiery Cope, together rushed Both Battles main, with ruinous Assault, And inextinguishable Rage: All Heaven Resounded; and had Earth been then, all Earth Had to her Center shook: What Wonder! when Millions of fierce encountering Angels fought On either Side, the least of whom could wield These Elements, and arm him with the Force Of all