the SCANDINAVIAN poetry, which was afterward enriched by allegories, and by the accession of new images, which flowed to it through various channels, particularly from the East. -- See RICHARDSON's Differtation. When colleges were founded, and the general attention was directed to classical learning, the wild conceptions of the Scaldic minstrels gradually fell into disuse. -- This short Analysis contains the subject of the following pages. THE RISE AND FALL OF THE NORTHERN POETRY. PART II. THE gaudy dome to Pagan worship known, By INGO's zealous hand at length overthrown; Over the long-reaching ruins still revered, The Gothic pile its form majestic reared. The fretted columns of ambitious height, And bulk enormous, fix the astonished sight; And as they boldly rise on either hand, Like kindred giants in dread phalanx stand: While through the isles that stretch a lengthening way, The umber'd windows shed terrific day. Amidst the wonders of the new abode, The bursting organ seemed itself a god! Diffusing its magnificence of sound, And sending to the soul its note profound. The admiring numbers next the altar viewed, Crowned with the image of the holy Rood, Displaying the sublime awards of Heaven, A bleeding Deity -- a world forgiven. -- The awe-struck Bards stood bound as with a spell, While from their grasp the chilled harp lifeless fell: The lowly valley, and the hill sublime, Echoed no more the battle-breathing rhyme. Thus an eclipse by terror's hand imbrown'd, Wrapped in concealment the poetic ground; But time at length the hovering veil withdrew, When all the gorgeous scenery burst to view. The Genius joy'd to see his ancient store Enriched with many a form unknown before. The clouds recede, while opening skies display The angelic hierarchy in proud array: Rank rising above rank in order due, The splendid consistory meets his view. Now spirits of another form appear, And from the yawning gravestheir shadows rear! Here glides a ghastly shade, intent to shed A scene of terror round the murd'rer's bed: There, 'midst the solemn silence of the night, Beneath the half-veil'd moon's reluctant light, The shade of buried DENMARK stalks along, Fraught with his woes, indignant of his wrong. See, from yon infant's tomb, ascend to sight A little form attired in purest white: She meets the mother bending over the tomb, And wailing her loved girl's untimely doom. 'Hail to thy grief!' the gentle vision cries, 'Hail to those tears that trickle from thine eyes: 'Too feeling parent, mitigate thy pain, 'Nor waste thy life beneath this gloomy fane: 'Ah know, thy child with angels soars on high, 'In the bright mansions of the upper sky, 'And decked with wings that glitter to the ray, 'Plays on the sunbeams of eternal day: 'Pass a few years, to Heaven's dread will resigned, 'And thou shall leave all sorrow far behind; 'The bliss I now enjoy thou shall obtain, 'And even MARIA shall be thine again.' At length, o'erspreading the poetic land, Advanced the various allegoric band: First on