reached the point sublime, The long-obscuring veil for him was furled, And on his vision burst another world! Ecstatic Wonder heard the proud event, And over the ocean the glad tidings sent: Then Industry, as by electric stroke, From her enduring sleep instinctive broke: With brightest omens of her future reign, This better VENUS rising from the main, Saw from all harbors, rushing with the tide, Unnumber'd vessels at her beck'ning glide: Did it not seem as if the severed earth, Like two fair sisters parted from their birth, Acknowledging at length their kindred race, Felt the warm transport of a first embrace,? Now the same age a different scene presents, And the bold vision labors with events: Methinks I see, extending wide around, A towering wood with crowding leaves imbrown'd; Beneath whose vast display of deadly shade Her listless length lethargic EUROPE laid: There Superstition her deep plan designed Against the awful sanctuary of the mind: There the wan sorceress, haggard fiend of hell, Midst her dim orgies muttered the dread spell. The sun abhors to pour his radiant flood Over the dumb horror of the slumbering wood; Yet through the gloom of sacerdotal night One peerless star reveals a cheerful light: Ah! why in mystic strains eclipse his name? Demand, Oh! LUTHER, thine unbounded fame: Advance, advance, thou elder son of Truth, Sublime, all-daring, restless, ardent youth! I now behold the enthusiastic Maid Rushing impetuous to her fav'rite's aid: She reaches to his lips a cup of fire, Whose living drops the leaping pulse inspire. Revealing now his mission from the skies, He utters to the torpid world -- 'Arise!' The sullen forest, wrapped in tenfold night, Swift through a thousand vistas drinks the light: The imprisoned tenants burst the mental tomb, While from their eyes recedes the massive gloom: The flaky clouds admit an orient ray, And laughing Morn unclocks the gates of day. Prompt Apprehension sends her view around, While her bold thoughts o'erleap their former bound, And Joy proclaims throughout the applauding earth The hallowed festival of Reason's birth. Now the couched mind reveals its spotless eye, Weak to sustain the splendour of the sky, Till strengthening at the irradiating gleam, It meets unblenching Truth's refulgent beam: So when the keenly-glitt'ring darts of light Pierce the loose film that dims the eaglet's fight, First with an ignorant and coy survey The dazzled bird admires the stranger day, Then glancing on the sun with towering gaze, Kindles his vision at the noontide blaze. Meek Toleration, heav'n-descending Maid, A vernal rainbow glittering over her head, Smooths the rough path destructive feet have traced, Adorns and peoples Persecution's waste: She, like the FLORA of the Pagan reign, Sprinkles with roses the enameled plain, Bids every flower of every clime arise, And freely breathe its incense to the skies. See Superstition, madd'ning at the alarm, Extend, in thunder clothed, her threatening arm, But withering at the heart she rues the hour, That harshly severs her diminished power: Thus as