Danger which he described, was shaken by the Terror, and shivered with the Horror* And what is it but the expression of the passions he felt, that moves the Reader in such an extraordinary manner. But here let us observe how the Spirit of the Poet rises, as the Danger comes nearer, and the Terror grows upon him. Jamque aroa tenebint Ardentesque oculos, etc. And now they land, etc. Let us consider beside what prodigious force all this must have in the connection, where Religion adds to the Terror, increases the Astonishment, and augments the Horror. For 'twas by the direction of Minerva that this Terrible Incident was brought about, who had combined with Juno to destroy the Trojans, as has been at large declared in a former Critical Treatise. And thus we have endeavored to show how the Enthusiasm proceeds from the thoughts, and consequently from the subject. But one thing we have omitted, that as thoughts produce the spirit, the spirit produces and makes the expression; which is known by experience to all who are Poets; for never any one, while he was wrapped with Enthusiasm, wanted either Words or Harmony; and is selfevident to all who consider, that the Expression conveys and shows the Spirit, and therefore must be produced by it. So that from what we have said we may venture to lay down this Definition of Poetical Genius. Poetical Genius in a Poem is the true expressions of Ordinary or Enthusiastic Passion, proceeding from Ideas, to which it naturally belongs; and Poetical Genius in a Poet, is the power of expressing such Passion worthily: And the sublime is a great thought expressed with the Enthusiasm that belongs to it, which the Reader will find Agreeable to the Doctrine of Cecilius. Longinus, I must confess, has not told us what the sublime is; because Cecilius, it seems, had done that before him. Tho methinks, it was a very great fault in so great a Man as Longinus, to write a Book which could not be understood, but by another Man's Writings; especially when he saw that those Writings were so very defective, that they were not likely to last. But tho Longinus does not directly tell us, what the Sublime is, yet in the first six or seven Chapters of his Book, he takes a great deal of pains to set before us, the effects which it produces in the minds of Men; as, for example, that it causes in them admiration and surprise; a noble Pride, and a noble Vigor, an invincible force transporting the Soul from its ordinary Situation, and a Transport, and a fullness of Joy mingled with Astonishment. These are the effects that Longinus tells us that the Sublime produces in the minds of men. Now I have endeavored to show what it is in Poetry that works these effects. So that take the Cause and the Effects together, and you have the Sublime. CHAP. VIII. Recapitulation, and that the Subjects of