Fancy, or winding itself into their Understanding, through a Maze of mystical Prettinesses. BUT, though this venerable, undressed Nature, is seldom to be met with now; and has, indeed, been lost among us, for above a Century, it was so frequent Two or Three hundred Years ago, that their lowest Class of Poets, the Composers of our good Old Ballads, have left us some of the noblest Examples of the Sublime, in its most striking Energy. But, in the present Practice, it is stifled, as the Roman Maid was, under the Oppression of Golden Earrings, Bracelets, Jewels, and heaped Heavinesses of the Gothic Armory. Yet, now and then, we start upon it in the Writings of our Modern Poets; as I did, the other Day, in an Ode, on the Power of Music, which was written by a young Scots Gentleman, who has conveyed, in a naked Grandeur, and in the utmost Degree of Plainness, the following aweful Thought, which carries a Terror, that will shake the Soul of every attentive Reader. When Living Men shall die, and Dead Men live, And Order is, again, to Chaos hurled; Thou, Melody! shall still survive, And triumph over the Ruins of the World! A dreadful Trumpet, never heard before, By Angels never blown, 'till then, Through all the Regions of the Air shall roar, That Time is now no more! BUT the Accident, which has drawn me into this Lamentation for the Loss of Nature, in our Works of Wit and Poetry, where she ought most to show herself, is, my having taken up, in a late Perambulation, as I stood upon the Top of Primrose-Hill, a torn Leaf of one of those Halfpenny Miscellanies, which are published for the Use and Pleasure of our Nymphs of low Degree, and known by the Name of Garlands -- That Part of it, which first caught my Eye, had its Turn a little too Modern, as well in the Matter, as the Poetry, and celebrated the Midnight Triumphs of some straggling Female, of whom I had no Knowledge; but one, it should seem, of more Beauty than Delicacy; Who took the Place of Ladies bright, And with their Lords lay all the Night! Who pleased them with her Humor free; Oh! the charming Sally Sal'sbu -- ree! BUT I passed lightly over this Lyrick Fragment, as too ludicrous for a Person of my Gravity, and fell, unexpectedly, upon a Work, for so I make no Scruple to call it, that deserves to live for Ever! And which (notwithstanding its Disguise of coarse, brown Paper, almost unintelligible Corruptions of Sense, from the Blunders of the Press, with here and there an obsolete, low Phrase, which I have altered for the clearer Explanation of the Author's Meaning) is so powerfully filled, throughout, with that Blood-curdling, chilling Influence, of Nature, working on our Passions (which Critics call the Sublime) that I never met it stronger in Homer himself; nor even in that prodigious English Genius, who has