sudden Storm arise, The heavy Harvest from the Root is torn, And whirled aloft the lighter stubble born; With such a force, the flying Rack is driven, And such a Winter wears the face of Heaven; And often whole Sheets descend of sluicy Rain, Sucked by the spungyClouds from off the Main: The lofty Skies at once come pow'ring down, The promised Crop and Golden labors drown. The Dykes are filled, and with a roaring sound, The rising Rivers float the nether ground, And Rocks the bellowing voice of Boiling Seas rebound. The Father of the Gods his glory shrowds, Involved in Tempests, and a night of Clouds, And from the middle darkness flashing out, By fits he deals his fiery Bolts about. Earth feels the motions of her angry God, Her Entrails tremble, and her Mountains nod, And flying Beasts in Forests seek abode. Deep Horror seizes every Human Breast, Their pride is humbled, and their fear confessed. While he from high his rolling Thunder throws, And fires the Mountains with repeated blows. The Rocks are from their old Foundations rent; TheWinds redouble, and the Rains augment, The Waves on heaps are dashed against the Shore, And now the Woods, and now the Billows roar. But now let us see how the Psalmist has treated the same subject in the eighteenth Psalm, and we shall find, that the greatness of Virgil is littleness compared to his. Now, in the first place, Reason finds its account better here than it does in Virgil; for the more amazing effects that we see of Divine displeasure, the more it answers our Idea of infinite wrath. But there is nothing that Virgil has said upon this subject, but what is much stronger in the Psalmist; and there are several things in the latter, which are by no means in Virgil. For example, how much stronger is the Hills also moved, and were shaken, because he was wroth, than that of Virgil. Ille flagranti Aut Atho aut Rhodopen, aut alta Ceraunia Telo Dejicit. Which only signifies the Thunders rending the tops of the Mountains; which any one may see is weak in comparison of what David says, That the very Mountains seemed to have a sense of the Indignation of their Creator. Mr Dryden endeavored to add strength to this passage of Virgil: Earth feels the motions of its angry God, Her Entrails tremble, and her Mountains nod. But he too falls very much short of the force of the Psalmist; for he makes the Trembling of the Earth, and the Nodding of the Mountains, to be only the natural necessary effects of mechanical motion. And that which satisfies the Reason the more here, raises the Passion more strongly, and entertains the senses the better, because there are more, and more amazing effects of the Divine pleasure. For how great, how lofty, how terrible is that; He bowed the Heavens and came down, and darkness was under his feet? How much stronger than that