this we shall be taught, says he, that they who travel in pursuit of wisdom, walk only in a circle; and after all their labor, at last return to their pristine ignorance; and in this also we shall see that enthusiastic confidence, or unsatisfying doubts terminate all our enquiries. In early times, before myriads of nations covered the earth, the whole human race lived together in one valley. The simple inhabitants, surrounded on every side by lofty mountains, knew no other world but the little spot to which they were confined. They fancied the heavens bent down to meet the mountain tops, and formed an impenetrable wall to surround them. None had ever yet ventured to climb the steepy cliff, in order to explore those regions that lay beyond it; they knew the nature of the skies only from a tradition, which mentioned their being made of adamant; traditions make up the reasonings of the simple, and serve to silence every enquiry. In this sequestered vale, blessed with all the spontaneous productions of nature, the honey'd blossom, the refreshing breeze, the gliding brook, and golden fruitage, the simple inhabitants seemed happy in themselves, in each other; they desired no greater pleasures, for they knew of none greater; ambition, pride and envy, were vices unknown among them; and from this peculiar simplicity of its possessors, the country was called the valley of ignorance. At length, however, an unhappy youth more aspiring than the rest undertook to climb the mountain's side, and examine the summits which were hitherto deemed inaccessible. The inhabitants from below, gazed with wonder at his intrepidity, some applauded his courage, others censured his folly, still however he proceeded toward the place where the earth and heavens seemed to unite, and at length arrived at the wished for height with extreme labor and assiduity. His first surprise was to find the skies, not as he expected within his reach, but still as far off as before; his amazement increased when he saw a wide extended region lying on the opposite side of the mountain, but it rose to astonishment when he beheld a country at a distance more beautiful and alluring than even that he had just left behind. As he continued to gaze with wonder, a genius, with a look of infinite modesty, approaching, offered to be his guide and instructor. The distant country which you so much admire, says the Angelic being, is called the Land of Certainty, in that charming retreat, sentiment contributes to refine every sensual banquet; the inhabitants are blessed with every solid enjoyment, and still more blessed in a perfect consciousness of their own felicity: ignorance in that country is wholly unknown, all there is satisfaction without allay, for every pleasure first undergoes the examination of reason. As for me I am called the genius of Demonstration, and am stationed here in order to conduct every adventurer to that land of happiness through those intervening regions you see over-hung with fogs and darkness,