sing Adventurous, but of thee! thy love alone Thy wisdom knows, thy love my awful theme! Let me not err, low grovelling in the dust, Let me not fall, high towering in the sky -- O! where shall I begin? how trace the source Of all! how fathom vast immensity! Long as the God has been who never began, Traced back and backward still, but traced in vain, Love has so long existed; God is Love! Who name him other, know not yet his name; And if they seek him, lost in error's gloom Or superstition's labyrinth, find him not. Whatever the glimmering lamp of reason showed Of God, through pagan darkness, all was love; Whatever the bright effulgence of thy Son, Blessed revelation! has displayed, all still Is love! this pendent world, those rolling orbs, Nature's whole system speaks its Maker kind. The varied fruits and flowers, the pleasing change Of day and night, the painted landscape round Of hill and dale, clear fountain, shady wood, The glittering dew of morn, the crimsoned cloud Of evening mild, the sweetly varied song, The peopled earth, and air, and sea, all parts Of one stupendous whole, and framed for bliss, Proclaim him good -- Lord of this blessed domain, Not male alone, but male and female formed, When man received the breath of life, and took The stamp divine, the image of the God, What gift was each to each! how lovely both! Who can their form describe? or who conceive Consummate beauty, test of skill divine? Thrice happy pair! -- to late degenerate times Your morn and evening song had some blessed bard Transmitted fair, in strains by heaven inspired, These had the gloomy bigot read abashed, And owned, that God is Love. But man, alas! Fell from the perfect beauty, pure desire, Fell to deformity, and age, and death, And hate, and envy, violence and guilt. He fell; yet unremitted goodness spoke To man, apostate as he was, the words Of peace; gave misery hope, and showed above A brighter paradise, than Eden's groves, His portion, when the Woman's promised Seed Should bruise the serpent's head: amazing grace! The promised Seed was given; the fullness then Of Godhead dwelt in flesh! high heaven itself No more contains the astonishment and joy, But down its radiant hosts impatient pour And Peace proclaim on earth, Good Will to man. Oh! join the transports of the angelic choir, And sing, responding to the hallowed strain, To God be Glory -- But, tremendous scene! Whom do I see, in yon drear waste, forlorn! Whom tempted there! -- who stretched on earth sweats blood! What ruffian hand is that? whom do they drag Betrayed, insulted, through a scoffing crowd? Whom do they scourge! whom crown with thorns remorseless! Yet hold, barbarians -- snatch me from the sight, Ye whirlwinds! crush me, mountains -- dreadful! Horrid! on the cross they strain, they nail The lord of life! they rear it! hark he prays -- "