minims, the tenants of an atom, thus arrogating a a partnership in the creation of universal nature! Sure heaven is kind that launches no thunder at those guilty heads; but it is kind, and regards their follies with pity, nor will destroy creatures that it loved into being. But whatever success this practice of making Demigods might have been attended with in barbarous nations, I don't know that any man became a God in a country, where the inhabitants were refined. Such countries generally have too close an inspection into human weakness, to think it invested with celestial power. They sometimes indeed admit the Gods of strangers, or of their ancestors, which had their existence in times of obscurity; their weakness being forgotten, while nothing but their power and their miracles were remembered. The Chinese, for instance, never had a God of their own country; the idols which the vulgar worship at this day were brought from the barbarous nations around them. The Roman Emperors, who pretended to divinity, were generally ta^ght by a poignard that they were mortal; and Alexander, though he passed among barbarous countries for a real God, could never persuade his polite countrymen into a similitude of thinking. The Lacedaemonians shrewdly complied with his commands by the following sarcastic edict. (...). Adieu. LETTER CXIII. To the same. THERE is something irresistibly pleasing in the conversation of a fine woman; even though her tongue be silent, the eloquence of her eyes teaches wisdom. The mind sympathizes with the regularity of the object in view, and struck with external grace, vibrates into respondent harmony. In this agreeable disposition, I lately found myself in company with my friend and his niece. Our conversation turned upon love, which she seemed equally capable of defending and inspiring. We were each of different opinions upon this subject; the lady insisted that it was a natural and universal passion, and produced the happiness of those who cultivated it with proper precaution. My friend denied it to be the work of nature, but allowed it to have a real existence, and affirmed that it was of infinite service in refining society; while I, to keep up the dispute, affirmed it to be merely a name, first used by the cunning part of the fair sex, and admitted by the silly part of ours, therefore no way more natural than taking snuff or chewing opium. "How is it possible, cried I, that such a passion can be natural, when our opinions even of beauty, which inspires it, are entirely the result of fashion and caprice? The ancients, who pretended to be connoisseurs in the art, have praised narrow foreheads, red hair, and eyebrows that joined each other over the nose. Such were the charms that once captivated Catullus, Ovid, and Anacreon. Ladies would at present be out of humor, if their lovers praised them for such graces; and should an antique beauty now revive, her face would certainly be put under the discipline of the