dear, as to the Muses kind! Thy gifts, O Pomfret, we with wonder view, And while we praise their beauties think of you. Who but a Venus could a Cupid send, And who a Tully but Minerva's friend? A speechless Tully, lest he should commend. The praise you merit you refuse to hear; No marble orator can wound your ear. Mere statues, worse than statues we should be, If Oxford's sons more silent were than he. Scarce silent, and impatient of the stone, He seems to thunder from his rostral throne: He wakes the marble, by some Phidias taught, And, eloquently dumb, he looks a thought. With hopes and fears we tremble or rejoice, Deceived we listen, and expect a voice. This station satisfies his noble pride, Disdaining, but in Oxford, to reside. Here safely we behold fierce Marius frown, Glad that we have no Marius, save in stone, So animated by the master's skill, The Gaul, awe-strucken, dares not -- cannot kill. The sleeping Cupids happily expressed The fiercer passions foreign to thy breast. Long strangers to the laughter-loving Dame, They from Arcadia, not from Paphos, came. Whenever his lyre thy kindred Sidney strung, The flocking Loves around their Poet hung: Whenever he fought, they fluttered by his side, And stiffen'd into marble, when he died. Half-drop'd their quivers, and half-seal'd their eyes, They only sleep: -- for Cupid never dies. " A sleeping Cupid!" (cries some well-drest smart,) " It Is false! I feel his arrows in my heart." I own, my friend, your argument is good, And who denies, that is made of flesh and blood; But yon bright circle, strong in native charms, No Cupid's bow requires, nor borrowed arms: The radiant Messenger of conquest flies Keen from each glance, and pointed from their eyes. His heart, whom such a prospect cannot move, Is harder, colder, than the Marble-Love. But Modesty rejects what Justice speaks: -- I see soft blushes stealing over their cheeks. -- Not Phidian labors claim the verse alone, The figured brass, or fine-proportion'd stone. To make you theirs the Sister Arts conspire, You animate the canvas or the lyre: A new creation on your canvas flows, Life meets your hand, and from your pencil glows: How swells your various lyre, or melts away, While every Muse attends on every lay! The bright contagion of Hesperian skies, Burned in your soul, and lightened in your eyes, To view what Raphael painted, Vinci planned, And all the wonders of the classic land. Proud of your charms, applauding Rome confessed Her own Cornelias breathing in your breast. The Virtues, which each foreign realm renown, You bore in triumph home, to grace your own. Apelles thus to form his finished piece, The beauteous Pomfret of adoring Greece, In one united, with his happy care, The fair perfections of a thousand fair. Though Virtue may with moral luster charm, Religion only can the bosom warm. In thee Religion wakens all her fires, Perfumes thy heart, and spotless