Of which when youthful Spring awakes, From thy abundance amply she partakes, What time the silk-plum'd Zephyrs meet In Saba's groves, to kiss the bending blooms With balmy lips, and wanton in perfumes: And by the ripened, redolent grace, When Summer in the Persian fields To sober-seeming Autumn yields Her treasures on the loaded sprays, The sky-rob'd plum, the purple vine, The velvet peach, and damask nectarine; While Plenty, waving her Hesperian bough, Gladdens Pomona with the golden show. Great Goddess! with the words of Peace Bid this wild Uproar of Contention cease; Bid Amity, with gentle ray, The woes that lowr on Faction's brow display. Shall Rome to thee a rebel prove? For hellish Hate abandon heavenly Love? Here, gentle Concord, on each breast Let thy spring-sweetness bland distill, Here thy ambrosial fragrance rest, And all mankind obey thy sovereign will. MELPOMENE. AN ODE. QUeen of the human heart! at whose command The swelling tides of mighty Passion rise, Melpomene, support my venturous hand, And aid thy suppliant in his bold emprise. From the gay scenes of pride Do thou his footsteps guide To Nature's aweful courts, where nursed of yore, Young Shakespeare, Fancy's child, was taught his various lore. So may his favored eye explore the source, To few revealed, whence human sorrows charm: So may his numbers, with pathetic force, Bid Terror shake us, or Compassion warm, As different strains control The movements of the soul, Adjust its passions, harmonize its tone, To feel for others' woe, or nobly bear its own. Deep in the covert of a shadowy grove, Mid broken rocks where dashing currents play; Dear to the pensive pleasures, dear to love, And Damon's muse, that breathes her melting lay, This ardent prayer was made. When lo! the secret shade, As conscious of some heavenly presence, shook -- Strength, firmness, reason, all -- my astonished soul forsook. Ah! whither Goddess! whither am I borne? To what wild region's necromantic shore? These panics whence? and why my bosom torn With sudden terrors never felt before? Darkness inwraps me round, While from the vast profound Emerging specter dreadful shapes assume, And gleaming on my sight, add horror to the gloom. Ha! what is he whose fierce indignant eye, Denouncing vengeance, kindles into flame? Whose boisterous fury blows a storm so high, As with its thunder shakes his laboring frame. What can such rage provoke? His words their passage choke: His eager steps, nor time nor truce allow, And dreadful dangers wait the menace of his brow. Protect me, Goddess! whence that fearful shriek Of consternation? as grim Death had laid His icy fingers on some guilty cheek, And all the powers of manhood shrunk dismayed: Ah see! besmeared with gore, Revenge stands threatening over A pale delinquent, whose retorted eyes In vain for pity call -- the wretched victim dies. Not long the space -- abandoned to Despair, With eyes aghast, or hopeless fixed on earth, This slave of passion rends his scattered hair, Beats his