breathe, Though beauty culled the wreath, Still ask thy hand to range their ordered hues. While Rome could none esteem, But virtue's patriot theme, You loved her hills, and led her laureat band: But staid to sing alone To one distinguished throne, And turned thy face, and fled her altered land. No more, in hall or bower, The passions own thy power, Love, only love her forceless numbers mean: For thou have left her shrine, Nor olive more, nor vine, Shall gain thy feet to bliss the fertile scene. Though taste, though genius bless To some divine excess, Faints the cold work till thou inspire the whole; What each, what all supply, May court, may charm our eye, Thou, only thou can raise the meeting soul! Of these let others ask, To aid some mighty task, I only seek to find thy temperate vale: Where often my reed might sound To maids and shepherds round, And all thy sons, O Nature! learn my tale. ODE ON THE POETICAL CHARACTER. AS once, if not with light regard, I read aright that gifted Bard, (Him whose school above the rest His loveliest Elfin queen has blessed) One, only one, unrivaled fair Florimel. See Spenser Leg. 4th. , Might hope the magic girdle wear, At solemn turney hung on high, The wish of each love-darting eye; Lo! to each other nymph in turn applied, As if, in air unseen, some hovering hand, Some chaste and angel-friend to virgin-fame, With whispered spell had burst the starting band, It left unblest her loathed dishonored side; Happier hopeless fair, if never Her baffled hand with vain endeavor Had touched that fatal zone to her denied! Young Fancy thus, to me divinest name, To whom, prepared and bathed in heaven, The cest of amplest power is given, To few the god-like gift assigns, To gird their blessed prophetic loins, And gaze her visions wild, and feel unmixed her flame. The band, as fairy legends say, Was wove on that creating day, When he, who called with thought to birth Yon tented sky, this laughing earth, And dressed with springs, and forests tall, And poured the main engirting all, Long by the loved Enthusiast wooed, Himself in some diviner mood, Retiring, sat with her alone, And placed her on his sapphire throne, The whiles, the vaulted shrine around, Seraphic wires were heard to sound, Now sublimest triumph swelling, Now on love and mercy dwelling; And she, from out the veiling cloud, Breathed her magic arts aloud: And thou, thou rich-hair'd youth of morn, And all thy subject lise was born! The dangerous passions kept aloof, Far from the sainted growing woof: But near it sat ecstatic Wonder, Listening the deep applauded thunder: And Truth, in sunny vest arrayed, By whose the Tarsel's eyes were made; All the shadowy tribes of Mind, In braided dance their murmurs joined, And all the bright uncounted Powers, Who feed on heaven's ambrosial flowers. Where is the Bard, whose soul can now Its