virtue and happiness of the lover, while it informs what are the qualities -- that must lead to love. ECLOGUE II. ALL the advantages that any species of poetry can derive from the novelty of the subject and scenery, this eclogue possesses. The rout of a cameldriver is a scene that scarce could exist in the imagination of an European, and of its attendant distresses he could have no idea. -- These are very happily and minutely painted by our descriptive poet. What sublime simpliciry of expression! what nervous plainness in the opening of the poem! In silent horror over the boundless waste The driver Hassan with the camels past. The magic pencil of the poet brings the whole scene before us at once, as it were by enchantment, and in this single couplet we feel all the effect that arises from the terrible wildness of a region unenlivened by the habitations of men. The verses that describe so minutely the camel-driver's little provisions, have a touching influence on the imagination, and prepare to enter more feelingly into his future apprehensions of distress: Bethink thee Hassan, where shall thirst assuage, When fails this cruise, his unrelenting rage! It is difficult to say whether his apostrophe to, the "mute companions of his toils" is more to be admired for the elegance and beauty of the poetical imagery, or for the tenderness and humanity of the sentiment. He who can read it without being affected, will do his heart no injustice, if he concludes it to be destitute of sensibility: Ye mute companions of my toils, that bear In all my griess a more than equal share! Here, where no springs in murmur break away, Or moss-crown'd fountains mitigate the day, In vain ye hope the green delights to know, Which plains more blessed, or verdant vales bestow: Here rocks alone, and tasteless sands are found, And faint and sickly winds for ever howl around. Yet in these beautiful lines there is a flight error, which writers of the greatest genius very frequently fall into. -- It will be needless to observe to the accurate reader that in the fifth and sixth verses there is a verbal pleonasm, where the poet speaks of the green delights of verdant vales. There is an oversight of the same kind, in the Manners, an Ode; where the poet says, -- Seine's blue nymphs deplore, In watchet weeds -- This fault is indeed a common one, but to a reader of taste it is nevertheless disgustful; and it is mentioned here as the error of a man of genius and judgment, that men of genius and judgment may guard against it. MR. COLLINS speaks like a true Poet as well in sentiment as expression, when, with regard to the thirst of wealth, he says, Why heed we not, while mad we haste along, The gentle voice of peace, or pleasure's song? Or wherefor think die flowery mountain's side, The fountain's murmurs, and the valley's pride, Why