to have more Love than Reason about one; you and I Lovely will go on with Discretion, and yet I fear it is in Lady Lucy's Power to banish it. Ensign. I find Mrs. Sago, the Drugsters Wife's Interest, begins to shake, Sir James. Sir James. And I fear her Love for Play begins to shake her Husband's Baggs too -- faith, I am weary of that Intreague, lest I should be suspected to have a hand in his Ruin. Ensign. She did not lose much to Night, I believe; preethy, Sir James, what kind of a tempered Woman is she? Has she Wit? Sir James. That she has -- A large Portion, and as much Cunning, or she could never have managed the old Fellow so nicely; she has a vast Passion for my Lady Reveller, and endeavors to mimick her in every thing -- Not a suit of Clothes, or a Top-knot, that is not exactly the same with hers -- then her Plots and Contrivances to supply these Expenses, puts her continually upon the Rack; yet to give her her due, she has a fertile Brain that Way; but come, shall we go home and sleep two or three Hours, at Dinner I Will introduce you to Capt. Hearty, the Sea Officer, your Rival that is to be, he is just come to Town. Ensign. A powerful Rival, I fear, for Sir Richard resolves to Marry him to his Daughter; all my hopes lies in her Arguments, and you know Philosophers are very positive -- and if this Captain does but happen to Contradict one Whimsical Notion, the Poles will as soon join, as they Couple, and rather then yield, she would go to the Indies in search of Dampier's Ants. Sir James. Nay, she is no Woman if she Obeys. Women like Tides with Passions Ebb and Flow, And like them too, their source no Man can know. To watch their Motions, is the safest Guide, Who hi^s their Humor, Sails with Wind and Tide. [Exit. The End of the First ACT. ACT II. Enter Buckle, meeting Mrs. Alpiew. Alp. GOod Morrow. Buckle. Good Morrow. Alp. Good Morrow, good Morrow, is that all your business here; What means that Affected Look, as if you longed to be examined what is the Matter. Buc. The Capricio's of Love, Madamoselle; the Capricio's of Love. Alp. Why -- are you in Love? Buc. I -- in Love! No, the Devil take me if ever I shall be infected with that Madness, it is enough for one in a Family to Fall under the whimsical Circumstances of that Distemper. My Lord has a sufficient Portion for both; here -- here -- here is a Letter for your Lady, I believe the Contents are not so full of Stars and Darts, and Flames, as they used to be. Alp. My Lady will not concern her self with your Lord, nor his Letters neither, I can assure you that. Buc. So much