for it. Well, what of him? Colin. With your leave, Master Mortimer, he will tell you his own errand: troth, he wull'd me introduce him to you: he is without. Mort. Admit him. Colin. Good faith, he has done that for himsall; he is not habituated to our ceremonies. Master Mortimer, I pray Heaven take you to its holy keeping till I see you again. [Exit. AUBREY enters to MORTIMER. Aub. Sir, your most humble servant. Can you forgive the intrusion of a stranger? Mort. A stranger, Sir, is welcome: I cannot always say as much to an acquaintance. Aub. I plainly see your experience of mankind by the value you put upon them. Mort. True, Sir; I Have visited the world from arctic to ecliptic, as a surgeon does a hospital, and find all men sick of some distemper: the impertinent part of mankind are so busy, the busy so impertinent, and both so incurably addicted to lying, cheating and betraying, that their case is desperate: no corrosive can eat deep enough to bottom the corruption. Aub. Well, Sir, with such good store of mental provision about you, you may stand out a siege against society; your books are companions you never can be tired of. Mort. Why truly their company is more tolerable, than that of their authors would be; I can bear them on my shelves, though I should be sorry to see the impertinent puppies, who wrote them: however, Sir, I can quarrel with my books too, when they offend my virtue or my reason. -- But I Am taking up your time; the honest Scotchman, who announc'd you, told me you had something of importance to communicate to me. Aub. I have: I Am told I am your debtor, and I came with a design to pay you down such thanks as your benevolence well merits; but I perceive already you are one, whom great professions would annoy, whose principle is virtue, and whose retribution rises from within. Mort. Pray, Sir, no more of this; if you have any thing to request, propose it: I Would rather much be told what I may do for you, than reminded of what I may have done. Aub. I readily believe you, and according to your humor will address you: I own you may confer a benefit upon me; it is in your power, Mr. Mortimer, to make me happiest of all mankind. Mort. Give me your hand; why now you speak good sense; I like this well: let us do good, Sir, and not talk about it: show me but how I may give happiness to you, with innocence to myself, and I shall be the person under obligation. Aub. This then it is; you have a young person under your protection, a Lady of the name of Aubrey -- Mort. I have. Aub. Resign her to my care. Mort. Sir! Aub. Put her into my hands: I am rich, Sir, I can support her. Mort. You're