that is certain -- She never flinches upon naW inning-Hand -- her Plate and Jewels Walks to Morrow to replenish her Pocket -- a Pox of Gaming, I say. [Exit. [Within.] Mr. Looseall's Man -- 4th Foot. Here -- So-ho, who has stole my Flambeaux? [Within.] My Lady Umbray's Coach there. -- 5th Foot. Hey! Will, pull up there (Exeunt Omnes.) Enter Lady Reveller and Alpiew, her Woman. Lady. My Lady Raffle is horridly out of humor at her ill Fortune, she lost 300 l. Alp. She has generally ill luck, yet her Inclination for Play is as strong as ever. -- Did your Ladyship win, or lose, Madam? Lady. I won about 50 l. -- prithee what shall we do, Alpiew? It Is a fine Morning, it is pity to go to Bed. Alp. What does your Ladyship think of a Walk in the Park? -- The Park is pleasant in a Morning, the Air is so very sweet. Lady. I don't think so; the sweetness of the Park is at Eleven, when the Beau Monde makes their Tower there, it is an unpolished Curiosity to walk when only Birds can see one. Alp. Bless me, Madam! Your Uncle -- now for a Sermon of two Hours. Enter Sir Richard Plainman, in a Nightgown as from Bed. Sir Rich. So Niece! I find you're resolved to keep on your course of Life; I must be waked at Four with Coach, Coach, Chair, Chair; give over for shame, and Marry, Marry, Niece. Lady. Now would I forfeit the Heart of my next Admirer, to know the cause of this Reproach. Pray, Uncle, explained your self; for I protest I cannot guess what Crime I have unhappily committed to merit this advice. Sir Rich. How can you look me in the Face, and ask me that Question? Can you that keep a Basset-Table, a public Gaming-House, be insensible of the shame on it? I have often told you how much the vast concurse of People, which Day and Night make my House their Rendevouze, incommode my Health; your Apartment is a Parade for Men of all Ranks, from the Duke to the Fiddler, and your Vanity thinks they all pay Devoir to your Beauty -- but you mistake, every one has his several end in Meeting here, from the Lord to the Sharper, and each their separate Interest to Admire -- some Fools there may be, for there is seldom a crowd without. Lady. Malice -- some Fools? I cannot bear it. Alp. Nay, it is very affronting, truly Madam. Lady. Ay, is it not Alpiew? -- Yet, now I think on it, it is the defect of Age to rail at the Pleasure's of Youth, therefore I shall not disorder my Face with a frown about it. Ha, ha, I hope, Uncle, you will take peculiar care of my Cousin Valeria, in disposing of her according to the Breeding you have given her. Sir Rich. The Breeding I have given