my Lady will not Eat a bit if she don't stay. Sago. Well, they are all so Fond of my Wife, by Keecky, show me the Little Finger again -- Oh! Dear Little Finger, by Keecky. [Aside.] Mrs. Sago. By own Pudd -- Here Alpiew give him his Ring again, I have my End, tell him it is to Dear. Alp. But what will you say when Mr. Sago. Misses it. Mrs. Sago. I Will say -- that it was two big for my Finger, and I lost it; it is but a Crying-bout, and the good Man melts into Pity -- In The Married State, this only Bliss we find, An Easy Husband to our Wishes kind. Iv'e Gained my Point, Replenished Purse once more, Oh! cast me Fortune on the Winning Shore. Now let me Gain what I have Lost before. [Exit.] ACT. III. The Scene draws, and discovers Valeria with Books upon a Table, a Microscope, putting a Fish upon it, several Animals lying by. Val. SHA! Thou fluttering Thing. -- So now I Have fixed it. Enter Alpiew. Alp. Madam, here is Mr. Lovely; I have introduced him as One of my Lady's Visitors, and brought him down the Back-stairs. Val. I Am obliged to you, he comes opportunely. Enter Lovely. Oh! Mr. Lovely, come, come here, look through this Glass, and see how the Blood Circulates in the Tale of this Fish. Lovely. Wonderful! but it Circulates prettier in this Fair Neck. Val. Pshaw -- be quiet -- I Will show you a Curiosity, the greatest that ever Nature made -- [opens a Box] in opening a Dog the other Day I found this Worm. Lovely. Prodigious! it is the Joint-Worm, which the Learned talk of so much. Val. Ay, the Lumbricus Latus, or Foescia, as Hippocrates calls it, or Vulgarly in English the Tape-Worm. -- Thudaeus tells us of One of these Worms found in a Human Body 200 Foot long, without Head or Tail. Lovely. I wish they be not got into thy Brain. [Aside.] Oh you Charm me with these Discoveries. Val. Here Is another Sort of Worm called Lumbricus teres Intestinalis. Lovely. I think the First you showed me the greatest Curiosity. Val. It Is very odd, really, that there should be every Inch a Joint, and every Joint a Mouth. -- Oh the profound Secrets of Nature! Lovely. It Is strangely Surprising. -- But now let me be heard, for mine is the Voice of Nature too; methinks you neglect your self, the most Perfect Piece of all her Works. Val. Why? What Fault do you find in me? Lovely. You have not Love enough; that Fire would Consume and Banish all Studies but its own; your Eyes would Sparkle, and spread I know not what, of Lively and Touching, over the whole Face; this Hand, when Pressed by him you Love, would Tremble to your Heart. Val. Why so it does, -- have I not told you Twenty Times