Mr. Bridgemore's family? Colin. Of none. Aub. What do I hear? Pray recollect yourself: you don't seem to know his house; perhaps you are not well acquainted with his family. Colin. Aw that he owns I know; what base begotten brats he may have sculking up and down in holes and corners, troth, I cannot pretend to say. -- These city cattle sometimes will break pasture. Aub. You misconceive me, honest friend; has no young Lady of the name of Aubrey come within your knowledge? Colin. Ay, ay, poor lassie, she once lived with Bradgemore; the worse luck here is, but that is over; she has got her liberty; she is now released. Aub. I understand you -- She is dead. -- Colin. Dead! Heaven forefend! An you would give me time I would ha told you she is released from yon fat fellow's tyranny; na more: out on him, filthy porpoise, aw the bowels in his belly, though he has got good store, dunna contain one grain of pity; troth, with his good will she might have starved and perished in the streets. Aub. What is it you tell me? In the same breath you bring my hopes to life and murder them again. -- Starved in the streets? I thought she had an affluent fortune. Colin. In virtue, Sir, naught else, and that will not pass current for a dinner. Zooks, an I mysall, by Heaven's good providence, had na' stapt in upon the very nick of time, my life upon it she had been lost. Aub. Come to my arms then, whosoe'er thou art, and wonder not, for thou have saved my daughter. Colin. Daughter! Gadzooks, you make my heart jump to my laps for joy. Are you Miss Aubrey's father? Aub. I am her father. Colin. An if I Would found mine awn I could na' been more happy. Wall, wall, I hope you will merit your good fortune; by my sol you have got an angel of a child -- But where have you been buried aw the while? for we believed you dead. Aub. You shall hear all my story, but this is no fit place to tell it in: satisfy me first if my poor child is safe. Colin. Fear naught, she is safe with Master Mortimer; I last her but this moment. Aub. Who is Mr. Mortimer? Colin. Why, Master Mortimer is one who does a thousand noble acts without the credit of one; his tongue wounds and his heart makes whole; he must be known and not described: an' you will bait awhile in yonder tavern till I come from Bradgemore's, I Will accompany you to where your daughter is. Aub. Agreed! I fear I Have been mistaken in this Bridgemore; three years ago I consigned to him a cargo of great value from Scanderoon; if he has robbed me -- but till I Have seen my daughter, I Will suspend enquiry. Step with me into yonder tavern, there we'll concert