made an East India Voyage, ha, ha. Lovely. Ay, am I not, Sir James? But Egad I hope the Old Fellow understands nothing of Navigation; if he does I shall be at a loss for the Terms. Sir James. Oh! no matter for Terms -- look big, and Bluster for your Country -- describe the Vigo Business -- public News will furnish you with that, and I Will engage the Success. Capt. Ay, Ay, let me alone, I Will bear up with Sir Richard, and thou shall Board his Pinnace with Consent never fear. -- ho, here he comes full Sail. Enter Sir Richard. Sir Richard. I Am glad to see you; this is my Kinsman which I told you of, as soon as he Landed; I brought him to Kiss your Hands. Sir Rich. I Honor you, you are welcome. Lovely. I thank you Sir, -- I Am not for Compliments; it is a Land Language I understand it not; Courage, Honesty, and Plain-dealing Truth, is the Learning of our Element; if you like that I am for ye. [Aside to the Captain.] Sir James. The Rogue does it to a Miracle. Capt. He Is an improving Spark I find, ha, ha. Sir James. Like it, Sir, why it is the only Thing I do like, hang Compliments, and Court-Breeding, it serves only to make Men a Prey to one another, to Encourage Cowardice, and Ruin Trade -- No, Sir, give me the Man that dares meet Death and Dinner with the same Appetite -- one who rather than let in Popery, would let out his Blood; to Maintain such Men I Would pay Double Custom; nay, all my Gain should go for their Support. Gaptain lanch off a round Lie or Two. [Aside to the Ensign.] Sir James. The best Well-wisher to his Country of an Englishman I ever heard. Lovely. Oh, Sir Richard, I wish the Nation were all of your Mind, 'twou'd give the Soldiers and the Sailors Life. Capt. And make us Fight with Heart and Hand; my Kinsman, I Will assure you, fits your Principle to a Hair; he hates the French so much he never fails to give them a Broadside wherever he meets them; and has Brought in more Privateers this War than half the Captains in the Navy; he was the first Man that Boarded the French Fleet at Vigo -- and in Gibraltar Business -- the Gazettes will inform you of the Name of Captain Match. Sir James. Is this that Captain Match? Lovely. For want of better, Sir. Sir James. Sir, I shall be Proud of being known to you. Sir Rich. And I of being Related to you, Sir, -- I have a Daughter Young and Handsome, and I Will give her a Portion shall make thee an Admiral Boy; for a Soul like thine is fit only to Command a Navy -- what say thou, art thou for a Wife? Sir James. So, it is done, ha,