is the Author of this: Some perhaps will guess one, some another; and the Hawkers, they tell me, will according to Custom, Cry it about the street in the famous Name of Daniell de Foe. And though they might as well Guess it was Wrote by the Man in the Moon, yet I am content, He, or any body else should go away with the Credit of it. It Is enough that I am out of the Reach of the Polish Resentments, and cannot be Prosecuted by the Cardinal Primate, most of the Persons here touched at being his Friends, and all of them in his Interest; and as for the World they may do their Worst. I am their Vnconcerned Humble Servant, Anglipoloski, Of Luthuania. When an Outrage is committed, it is but natural to be in Quest of the Person that caused it; and it will not be difficult, without the assistance of the Hawkers, who are more at his Service than his Handmaids the Nine Muses, to find that this Label is not, without sufficient Grounds for so doing, charged with a Name those Profane Throats are incessantly piercing our Ears with. Which may prove his being out of the Reach of the Polish Resentments, to be a more Chimara and false suggestion; for though the Ecclesiastical Authority may not take him to Task, He may be grinded to Powder by the Secular Arm, which he must own himself obnoxious to, notwithstanding his Borrowed Name of Anglipoloski. THE Diet of Poland A SATYR, etc. IN Northern Climes where furious Tempests blow, And Men more furious raise worse Storms below, At Nature's Elbow, distant and remote, Happy for Europe had she been forgot, The World's Proboscis, near the Globe's Extremes, For barbarous Menrenown'd, and barbarous Names, There Poland lies, too much her Maker's Care, And shares the moderate Blessings of the Air, Just as far off from Heaven as we are here. Those must be Furious Men indeed that can out-Bluster Boreas, and how any thing can be at Natures Elbow, and yet Distant and Remote at the same time, requires the Nicest Determination. Natures Backside would have done as well every Jot, but it is a Paw Word, as the Observator tells his Countryman Roger, and must be flung aside for being Uncourtly. The World's Proboscis too is altogether New, and just minted, why not Great Toe as well, for he that gave the World a Nose, gave it likewise Feet to Stand upon, or it is Creation would be imperfect? Under the Artick Circle of the Sky, Where Virtues Streams run Low, and Nature's High, For Heat of Clime too far, of Blood too nigh: Tempered for Plenty, plenteously supplied With Men advanced in every Grace but Pride. A mighty Nation throngs the groaning Land, Rude as the Climate, numerous as the Sand: Uncommon monstrous Virtues they possess, Strange odd prepostrous Polish Qualities; Mysterious Contraties they reconcile, The Pleasing Frown and the Destroying Smile; Precisely gay,