flies, We sink or swim, we Conquer, Fall or Rise. To fit and rig our Ships much Pains we take; Grant we may now a Saving-Voyage make. Here we are Embarked, and as you Smile or Frown, You are our Stars, by You we Live or Drown. Dramatis Personae. Men. Mr. Mills, Lord Worthy -- In Love with Lady Reveller, a hater of Gaming. Mr. Wilks, Sir James Courtly -- An airy Gentleman, given to Gaming. Mr. Bigerstaff, Lovely an Ensign -- In Love with Valeria. Mr. Bullock. Sir Rich. Plainman -- Formerly a Citizen, but now lives in Covent Garden, a great lover of a Soldier, and an Inverate Enemy to the French. Mr. Esthcourt, Captain Hearty -- A Sea Officer, designed by Sir Richard to Marry Valeria. Mr. Johnson, Sago -- A Drugster in the City, very fond of his Wife. Mr. Penkethman Buckle. -- Footman to Lord Worthy Women. Mrs. Oldfield, Lady Reveller -- A Coquetish Widow, that keeps a Basset-Table. Mrs. Rogers, Lady Lucy -- Her Cousin, a Religious sober Lady. Mrs. Montford, Valeria -- A Philosophical Girl, Daughter to Sir Richard, in Love with Lovely. Mrs. Cross, Mrs. Sogo -- The Drugster's Wife, a Gaming profuse Woman, great with my Lady Reveller, in Love with Sir James. Mrs. Lucas, Alpiew. -- Woman to Lady Reveller. Ladies, Gentlemen, for the Basset-Table. Chairman, Footmen, etc. Scene. Lady Reveller^s Lodgings in Covent Garden; the Time; Four of the Clock in the Morning. THE Basset Table. ACT I. A large Hall, a Porter with a Staff, several Chairs Waiting, and Footmen a-sleep, with Torches and Flambeauxs standing about the Room. Footman CErtainly they will Play all Night, this is a cursed Life. Port. How long have you lived with your Lady? Foot. A Month, too long by thirty Days, if this be her way of living; I shall be dead before the Year's out; she Games all Night, and Sleeps all Day. Port. As long as you sleep, what is Matter? Foot. But I do not, for while she sleeps, I Am Employed in Howdee's, from one end of the Town to the other. Port. But you rest while she is Gaming; What would you do, if you led my Life? This is my Lady's constant Practice Foot. Your Lady keeps a Basset Table, much good may do you with your Service -- Hark, they are broke up. [within.] ha, hy, my Lady Gamewel's Chair ready there -- Mr. Sonica's Servant (The Footmen wake in a hurry. 1st. Foot. Where the Devil is my Flambeaux? 2d. Foot. So-hey -- Robin, get the Chair ready, my Lady's coming; stay, stay, let me light my Flambeaux. 3d. Foot. [waking] Hey, hoa, what han't they done Play yet? Port. They are now coming down, but your Lady is gone half an hour ago. 3d. Foot. The Devil she is, why did not you call me? Port. I did not see you. 3d. Foot. Was you Blind? -- She has lost her Money,