Statesmen Just, When these are happy once, The Monarch must. I join with him in the Prayer, though we are of two Minds concerning the Justice of the Statesmen. For the World Just falls under a Different Acceptance with Men of different Principles. If there is a Statesman honest and upright, Whom neither Knaves can bribe, nor Fools Invite; Who with unbiased hands can hold the Reins, And seeks to save his Countries lost Remains, That loves the People and obeys the Crown, And seeks the Nations safety, not his own: Unhappy Poland! find the Hero out, Court him, Let Great Augustus Court him to it. Let no State Niceties prevent his Choice, All Poland calls him with united Voice. Heaven send Her Majesty such Persons about Her Royal Person. Amen, says the Church of England from the bottom of her Heart, who looks upon the Queen as Her Nursing Mother, as well as Daughter; while the Dissenters speak after this way for form sake only, and from the Teeth outward, since Knavery and Dishonesty is the support of their Cause. It Is done, the Polish Genius has prevailed, And Heaven has this new Blessing just entailed. Not all the Swede's Invading Troops shall awe, The Loyal Poles their Duty to withdraw; Confederate Lords with their disloyal Train; Shall always make the vile Attempt in vain. While Heaven directs Augustus to apply, To Men of Council, Men of Honesty, 'T's a Certain Sign there is Deliverance nigh. We pretend not to so much as to insinuate, that her Majesty having suspected Persons about her, such as take Bribes, etc. contrary to Her Declaration at her Accession to the Throne, but that notwithstanding we are very happy in the Present Ministry, we might likewise have been so if those that are removed from it had continued in it. How happy is Augustus in his Choice, That makes the Swedes repine, the Poles rejoice: See how the secret black Cabals abate, And quit their Councils to avoid their Fate. The Malcontents Discern their vile Mistake, And old degenerate Principles forsake. See how for early Pardon now they sue, And their Allegiance openly renew. What has Satyr to do in Viewing the Man that deserves your Panegyric: Prithee Daniel leave off this way of Writing, or you will bring in Satyr so often, that your Writings will be a Satyr upon your self at last. The Happy Monarch sees the Cloud disperse, And distant Peace shall gild the Universe; The Poles their Loyalty begin to show, But Satyr, view the Men that made it so. If the Gentlemen pointed at in this paragraph held any secret Caballs, they were for the good of Church and State and they are so far from forsaking their own Principles that taught them the Continuance of their Duty without any such thing as the Renewing their Allegiance, that they are inseparable from them as Heat is from fire, or sensation from the Soul. A Prince's Choice of