fellow into the bargain. Mort. No, no, leave me to deal with Bridgemore; I Will scare away that cormorant; if the son of my noble friend will be undone, it never shall be said he fell without an effort on my part to save him. [Exit. Colin. By Heaven you speak that like a noble Gentleman. Ah, Master Mortimer, in England, he that wants money, wants every thing; in Scotland now, few have it, but every one can do without it. [Exit Colin. An Apartment in BRIDGEMORE's House. BRIDGEMORE and DR. DRUID. Bridge. But what is all this to me, Doctor? while I have a good house over my head, what care I if the Pyramids of Egypt were sunk into the earth? London, thank Heaven, will serve my turn. Dr. Druid. Ay, ay, look ye, I never said it was'nt coot enough for them that live in it. Bridge. Good enough! why what is like it? where can you live so well? Dr. Druid. No where, coot truth, it is all cooks shops and putchers shambles; your very streets have savoury names; your Poultry, your Pye-corner, and Pudding-lane, your Bacon-alley, and Fish-street Hill here; of my oord, the Map of London, would furnish out an admirable pill of fare for a Lord-Mayor's dinner. Bridge. Well, Doctor, I Am contented with Fish-street Hill; you may go seek for lodgings yonder in the ruins Of Palmyra. Dr. Druid. Ruins indeed! what are all your new buildings, up and down yonder, but ruins? Improve your town a little further, and you will drive every man of sense out of it; pless us, and save us, bye and bye not a monument of antiquity will be left standing from London-stone to Westminster Hall. Bridge. And if the Commissioners of paving would mend the streets with one, and present the other as a nuisance, bone setters and lawyers would be the only people to complain. Dr. Druid. Down with 'em then at once, down with every thing noble and venerable and ancient amongst you; turn the Tower of London into a Pantheon, make a new Adelphi of the Savoy, and bid adieu to all ages but your own; you will then be no more in the way of deriving dignity from your progenitors, than you are of transmitting it to your posterity. Bridge. Well, Doctor, well, leave me my opinion and keep your own; you have a veneration for rust and cobwebs, I am for brushing them off wherever I meet them; we are for furnishing our shops and warehouses with good profitable commodities; you are for storing 'em with all the monsters of the creation: I much doubt if we could serve you with a dried rattlesnake, or a stuffed alligator, in all the purlieus of Fish-street Hill. Dr. Druid. A stuffed alligator! a stuffed alderman would be sooner had. Bridge. May be so, and let me tell you an antiquarian is as much to seek in the city of London, as an