would gladly have me so -- But do you know any thing of that consignment? Napth. Heh! Do I know of it? I had better make a friend of him; it is up with Bridgemore fait; there is no senses in serving him any longer (aside.) Why you shall know, Sir, I was Bridgemore's broker for your merchandise: here is the abstract of the net proceeds (gives a paper to Aubrey, who peruses it some time.) Mort. That Is lucky as I live; I see an honest man never can want weapons to defeat a knave -- And pray, Sir, what might be your profit on this sale; double commission for a breach of trust, that is the rule of the trade I think. Napth. I work as others; I do nothing below market-price. Mort. You're right, Sir; 'twou'd be starving many an honest family, if you made roguery too cheap -- But get you gone together to my library; I observe a person coming who will interrupt you. -- Hark'e, Mr. Aubrey, have an eye to our Jew. Aub. Trust him to me: I Am pretty well accustomed to their dealings. [Exit with Napth. DOCTOR DRUID enters. Dr. Druid. Save you Sir, save you; is it true I pray you that a learned Gentleman, a traveller but just arrived, is now with you? Mort. There is a person under that description in my house. Dr. Druid. May he be seen, good now? may he be talked with? what has he brought home? is he well stored with oriental curiosities? Mort. Faith, Sir, indifferent well; he has brought a considerable parcel of sun-dried bricks from the ruins of ancient Babylon; a heavy collection of ores from the mines of Siberia, and a pretty large cargo of common salt from the banks of the Caspian. Dr. Druid. Inestimable! Mort. Oh, Sir, mere ballast. Dr. Druid. Ballast indeed, and what discoveries does he draw from all these? Mort. Why he has discovered that the bricks are not fit for building; the mines not worth the working, and the salt not good for preserving: in short, Doctor, he has no taste for these trifles; he has made the human heart his study; he loves his own species, and does not care if the whole race of butterflies was extinct. Dr. Druid. Yes, putterflies -- it is in my mind, do you see, what you have said about my putterflies: it is upon my memory; but no matter -- your studies Mr. Mortimer, and mine, are wide asunder. -- But go on -- reform the world, you will find it a tough task; I am content to take it as I find it. Mort. While the sun shines, you will carry a candle; how will that light them, who travel in the night? Away with such philosophers, here comes an honest man, and that is a character worth ten on it. -- (COLIN enters.) So, Colin, what is the news with you? If I