Reader, who will Conclude Death Dismissed K. W. from the Throne; neither is it a very great Compliment to a King's Memory, whom he would play the Panegyrist upon, to affirm that he left us Embroiled; since the World is not without People who make very Odd Reflections upon his Last Will and Testament. In vain the new Crowned Monarch strives to please, Or Cure the Hereditary vile Disease. In vain Confed'rates, with the Nations Friends, In vain their Laws and Freedom he defends. The Parties join, in Grand Cabals they meet The Monarch's healing Projects to defeat; Grasp at his Gifts, and share the high Reward, But not his Honor or Commands regard. Not Sacred Oaths can their Allegiance bind, Farther than by their Interest they are inclined, Prompted by Avarice and deep Revenge, With Fawning Face, and awkward Zeal they Cringe; But all that can no Royal Bounty share, Their factious Thoughts and strong Disgusts declare, No Bounds their feigned Alleg'ance can secure, To Day they will Swear, to Morrow they will Abjure. Never did any Prince come to the Crown with a more general Satisfaction of the Party, he points at, than Her Majesty: and the very Persons he is so Lavish of his Invectives, against were those who rejoiced at the Turn of Affairs both in Church and State. As to their Endeavors to defeat the Monarch's Healing Project, they were such as advised it to be carried on; and for Swearing to Day and Abjuring to Morrow, that Flies in the Face of the Pretenders to Moderation, equaly with theirs who seem realy disposed for it. The Monarch willing to dissolve the Feud, That spread too fast in their infected Blood, Summons the General Diet to appear, The Nations and his own Demands to hear. The Parliament was then sitting when Queen Anne Succeeded to the Throne; so that she could not be said to call them together, having met before to consider of the Arduous Affairs of the Kingdom. Satyr look back, Survey the Glorious Roll, The Life of Polish Power, the Nations Soul, Poland's Collection, all the Peoples Breath, The Monarch's Safety and the Tyrant's Death. The Ancient Lords of the JAGELLAN Line, Here in their representing Glory shine, With Loyal Hearts, and strong Industrous Hands, Ready to hear Augustus great Commands. The ancient Polish Greatness to restore, Assist with Council, and support with Power. To say that the Ancient Lords of the Jagellan Line (whose Titles were Hereditary doubtless) Shine in their Representing Glory, seems somewhat like an Absurdity; for our Accounts hitherto tell us, the House of Peers Constitute two Estates of Parliament, and the People of England, that is the Inferior Estate, are Represented by the Commons. The Monarch's Safety, and the TYRANT'S DEATH, Squints likewise at their Old Practice of Decollation, which the Party he is Advocate for, has no small Veneration for the Memory of, at their Cruel Festivals on the Anniversary of Her Majesty's Royal Grandfathers Martyrdom.