and has whastled many a braw lad to his grave; but your holidays horns there are fit only to play to a drunken city-barge on a swan-hopping party up the Thames. LA JEUNESSE enters. La Jeu. Fedon, Monsieur Colin, for why you have send away the horns? It is very much the ton in this country for the fine gentlemen's to have the horns: upon my vord, my Lord this day give grand entertainment to very grand company; tous les maccaroni below stairs, et toute la coterie above. Hark, who vait dear? My Lord ring his bell. -- Voi la, Monsieur Colin, dear is all the company going to the tea-room. Colin. (looking out.) Now the de'el burst the weams of you all together, say I, for a pack of locusts; a cow in a clover field has more moderation than the best among you: had my lord Abberville the wealth of Glasgow, you would swallow it all down before you gee'd over. -- Crom, crom. La Jeu. Vat is dat crom, crom? We do not know in France vat is dat crom, crom. But vat you say to the dinner? Upon my vord Monsieur the cook, make as fine dispositions for the table, as the Grand Conde did for the battle: ma foi, he merit to have his statue raised en crocan, in the center of his own performance. Colin. Raised on a gibbet in the center of Hounslow Heath; that is what he merits. La Jeu. Ah, barbare! Here come my Lord. [Exit. LORD ABBERVILLE to COLIN. L. Abb. Colin, see that covers are laid for four-and-twenty, and supper served at twelve in the great eating-parlour. Colin. Ecod, my Lord, had you ken'd the mess of cakes and sweeties that was honded up amongst 'em just now, you would na' think there could be muckle need of supper this night. L. Abb. What, fellow, would you have me starve my guests? Colin. Troth, an you don't, they will go nigh to starve you. L. Abb. Let me hear no more of this, Colin Macleod; I took you for my servant, not for my adviser. Colin. Right, my Lord, you did; but if by advising I can serve you, where is the breach of duty in that? [Exit. L. Abb. What a Highland savage it is. -- My father indeed made use of him to pay the servants wages, and post the tradesmen's accounts; as I never do either, I wish somebody else had him that does. MORTIMER enters, repeating to himself Mort. "Is this a dinner, this a genial room? "This is a temple and a hecatomb." L. Abb. What quoting, Mortimer? and satire too? -- I thought you need not go abroad for that. Mort. True; therefore, I Am returning home. -- Good night to you. L. Abb. What, on the wing so soon! With so much company can my philosopher want food to feast his spleen upon? Mort. Food! I revolt against the name; no Bramin