Am to augur from your countenance, something goes wrong at your house. Colin. Troth, Sir, no mighty matter; only Lord Abberville has turned away a troublesome fellow, who bore your honor great good will. Mort. What is it you tell me? is my Lord determined upon ruin, that he puts away the only honest man belonging to him? Dr. Druid. By this coot light, and that is well remembered; look'e, I Have got your wages: come, hold out your hand. Colin. Axcuse me, I Will have none on it. Dr. Druid. No wages? why it is all coot money; it is in full. What, man, think better on it; you will want it when you get to Scotland, ten to one else. Colin. Like enough, but by my sol I Will touch na filler; he has geen a title to me, which I hanna merited, Heaven knows, nor ever shall. Mort. What title has he given you? Colin. Saving your presence it have pleased my Lord to say, I am a rascal; but I Will na wear a rascall's wages in a scottish pouch: de'il of my soul, I Would sooner eat my stroud for famine. Mort. I think thou would, but wait a while with patience; this rash young man's affairs press to a crisis; I have yet one effort more to make, which if it fails I sha^ take leave of him as well as you. JARVIS enters. Jar. Lord Abberville, Sir, desires to speak with you. Mort. That Is well. Colin, go you with honest Jarvis. Doctor, for once let us unite our studies in this cause, come you with me; if my advice can rescue your unhappy pupil from a course of guilty occupations, your philosophy may furnish harmless ones to fill their place: make haste; make haste, here come the Bridgemores. [Exeunt. Servant enters, introducing BRIDGEMORE, his Wife and Daughter. Serve. Please to walk in here; my master will wait upon you immediately. Bridge. Nobody here! -- Hark'e, friend, I expected to meet a stranger; a gentleman just landed from Scanderoon. Know you of such a one? Serve. He is now in the house. Luc. And Mr. Tyrrel, Sir, is he at home? Serve. He is; they both will wait upon you presently. [Exit. Bridge. That Is well, that is well; as for old furly-boots we could well spare his company; it is a strange dogged fellow, and execrated by all mankind. Mrs Bridge. Thank Heaven, he is a man one seldom meets; I little thought of ever setting foot in his house: I hope the savage will not grow ceremonious and return the visit. Luc. Unless he brings his nephew in his hand. MORTIMER enters. Mort. Ladies, you do me honor. Mr. Bridgemore, you come here upon a mechancholy errand -- Bridge. True, Sir, but death you know is common to all men; I looked to meet a gentleman here -- this is all lost time. Mort. True: therefore before he comes, let us