feet. Aug. No, there may be a legal prostitute as well as a licentious one; had you a world to give, after your base experiment, you cannot offer any thing that I shall take. You may find others less exceptious; but in a noble family, though stripped of fortune, there will still be pride. L. Abb. I see my fate; I see a prepossession in your heart too strong for me to shake: I plainly perceive that Mr. Tyrrel can offend with more impunity than I can; however, Mortimer, you are a man of honor; I resign Miss Aubrey into your hands for the present, and shall expect you will avail yourself of no unfair advantages over me. -- Macleod, I find Miss Aubrey is to thank you for this seasonable visit of Mr. Mortimer's. [Exit. Mort. Come, Madam, you are now my ward; Bridgemore must struggle hard to get you back again. Aug. Sir! -- Mr. Mortimer! You Will pardon me, but must I think you serious? If what you now propose is meant in kindness to me, I must say the world has not done justice to your character: I have been taught to look upon you as no friend to our sex in particular. Mort. Nor am I; your sex have broke treaty with us, passed the bounds betwixt us, forced into our very taverns, and from being once the glory of my country are become it is shame. Aug. But all have not done this -- Mort. Nor am I then at enmity with all; a virtuous individual is of no sex, no country. Colin. No country? Hoot! A true North Briton will give up his virtue before his country at any time. Aug. Yes and I think it was a partiality to your country rather than to virtue, which determined you to put me into this house. Colin. De'il take me now and all may kindred with me, if I knew ought about the house, more than the name of Macintosh upon the door. Mort. Time will clear all things up: a general misconception is gone forth; my nephew I perceive has fallen under it. As for poor Colin, his design in bringing you hither was more than innocent, depend upon it, it was noble; I have heard his story and at my request he brings me here: commit yourself therefore to my protection and rely upon my justice. Aug. How shall I answer you? Your generosity o'erwhelms me. Mort. I generous! No, I am a mere voluptuary; I study luxury by principle, and am as sensual on the side of virtue, as Abberville, or any other fashionable rake, on that of vice. -- Colin, you will settle matters with your countrywoman and come to us at my house. [Exeunt. Colin. My countrywoman! The fiend a bit! I never will believe she has a drop of Scottish blude in aw her composition; as I shall answer I never blushed before for any of the name: