Report, and Lies, And soothed with Schemes of vast Absurdities. The jangling Statesmen clash in their Designs, Fraud fights with Fraud, and Craft to Craft inclines; Stiffly engage, quarrel, accuse and hate, And strive for leave to help undo the Sat; For all the strong Contention ends in this, Who shall the Power of doing Ill possess: Envy and Strife are only raised so high, Because a Man's a greater Knave than I: But if I can his Place and Wealth succeed, He rails of Course, and I Am the Knave indeed. Places and Pensions are the Polish Spoil Will all sides please, and all sides reconcile. It Is natural to all the Sons of Men, To Rail and Plot when out, be Quiet in. If all the Strife and Contention for Offices and Places of Trust, be for obtaining the Power of doing Ill, then those in Authority must of Consequence do Ill. Which is but an odd Compliment to the Present Administration, and takes off very much from the Character he bestow's upon the L -- H -- T -- and Mr. S -- t -- y -- H -- y under the Names of Casimir and the Dyets Marshall. And if Kings are Cully's, Foot-Balls, and Wheedled into Pay he has done Augustus no Manner of Service in giving him that Inglorious Title. And here I cannot agree with some People who will have Augustus to be the Type of Q -- A -- for an Author could not be so unmannerly as to Represent a Fortunate Princess, and Immovable in Her Principles by the Name of one who has not only Changed his Religion for a Crown, but has Ruined his Hereditary Dominions, being as it were under a State of Exile at this Juncture. But Authors are Inscrutable in their Reasons, and I leave him to explain himself on this Head, to such as he shall think fit to Impart the Secret to. Long had Divided Poland felt the Smart Of vast Intrigues and Politicians Art: As many Men of Character and Blood, So many Thieves about the Scepter stood; As many Gifts the Exhausted Prince could give, So many Friends he only seemed to have: The craving Wretches hung about the Throne, He gave them all the Nation's Wealth, and all his own. That There were Thieves about the Throne in the Late Reign we'll not dispute; but he that has been so Free with the Names of such as have shared in the Direction of Public Affairs in this, might have given us theirs, had they not been his particular Friends and Favoureits. I never heard the Prince he reflects upon, gave away all his Wealth to these Craving Wretches, if he had, there had been no Dispute between the King of Prussia and Prince of Friez land, about the Immense Riches he left behind Him. Not all the Conquered Lands the Turk resigned, Not all the World, had he the World obtained,