me service: I Have a letter here; I cannot well deliver it myself; if you are of this neighborhood, perhaps you know the house of Mr. Mortimer. Colin. Hoot! hoot! I ken him well; I came fra' thence but now. Aug. Will you take charge of this, and give it as directed? The Gentleman will be found at Mr. Mortimer's. Colin. To Francis Tyrrel, Esquire -- Ah! an it is thereabouts you point, gadzooks, your labor's lost; you may even wear the willow as they say, for by my troth he will play the loon wi' you. Aug. Is that his character? Colin. No; but he canna' well be true to two at the same time. Aug. His heart's engaged it seems: what is the Lady's name? Colin. Woe worth her name! I canna' recollect it now; an it had been a Scottish name, I should na let it slip so; but I Have no mighty memory for your English callings; they do na dwell upon my tongue: out on it! it is with a great fat lubber yonder in the city that she dwells; a fellow with a paunch below his gullet, like the poke of a pelican; and now I call to mind, it is Aubrey is her name; ay, ay, it is Aubrey; she is the happy woman. Aug. Is she the happy woman? Well, Sir, if you will deliver that letter into Mr. Tyrrel's hands; there is no treason in it against Miss Aubrey; she herself is privy to the contents. Colin. You need na' doubt but I shall hand it to him; I were a sorry child an I could grudge you that: where shall I bring his answer? Aug. It requires none. Colin. But an he craves to know your house, where mun I say you dwell? Aug. I have no house, no home, no father, friend, or refuge, in this world; nor do I at this moment, fainting as I am with affliction and fatigue, know where to find a hospitable door. Colin. Come with me then, and I will show you one; ah! woe is me, we hanna' all cold hearts, that occupy cold climates: I were a graceless loon indeed, when Providence have done so much for me, an' I could not pay bock a little to a fellow creature. Aug. Who you may be I know not, but that sentiment persuades me I may trust you; know, in this wretched person you behold her whom you think the envied, the beloved Miss Aubrey. Colin. Miss Aubrey! you Miss Aubrey! His presence be about us! And has that great fat fellow in the city turned his bock upon you? Out on him, ugly hound, his stomach be his grave! I could find in my heart to stick my dirk into his weam. Aug. Have patience; it is not he, Lord Abberville's the source of my misfortunes. Colin. Ah, woe the while the more's his shame, I Would rather hear that he