Force, till this Author gave it me in the Affirmative. But Peopled with a hardened Thankless Race, Whose Crimes add Horror to the milder Place, The Bounties by indulgent Heaven bestowed Corrode the Mischief, and debauch the Blood. That Native Fierceness which in Christian Lands Makes Heroes, and their Poets Praise commands, Here is a Vice, which rankles up to Fewd, And nourishes the Gust of vile Ingratitude. Pride, Plenty's Handmaid, deeply taints their Blood, And Seeds of Faction mix the Crimson Flood. Eternal Discords brood upon the Soil, And universal Strifes the State embroil. In every Family the Temper reigns, In every Action Seed of Gall remains. The very Laws of Peace create Dispute, And makes them quarrel who shall execute. Their valued Constitutions are so lame, That Governing they Governments inflame. Wild Aristocracy torments the State, And People their own Miseries create. To Corrode a Mischief, is in my Sense to lessen it, which is far from having any Analogy to Debauching the Blood, that is to increase it; and then again to say, that Native Fierceness which makes Heroes and Poets in Christian Countries, here it is a Vice, and Rankles up to Few'd is false Grammar, with Reverence to his Dictatorship, who sets up for the Difficult Resolver, and impropriety Fi^der among the Class of Authors. Besides my Historians tell me, though they are not of the Leyden Edition, and Printed cum Notis Variorum, That Poland is a Christian Country which He seems not to allow here. In vain has Heaven its choicer Gifts bestowed, And strives in vain to do a Willful Nation Good: Such is the Peoples Folly, such their Fate, As all Decrees of Peace anticipate. Immortal Jarrs in every Class appear, Conceived in Strife, and Nursed to Civil War, To make Heaven strive in Vain, looks also a little Impious, in an Author of this Gentleman's Pretenses to Religion; and to let it be Anticipated in its Decrees of Peace, can fall under no other Apellation than that of Blasphemy. Such, Poland, is thy People, such thy Name, Yet still thy Sons our Panegyricks claim, Because their partial Genius is inclined To think they merit more than all Mankind. That is, such is thy People Poland, and such thy Name, i. e. Poland. And what of all this, where is the harm of Poland's being called Poland? A Spade's a Spade, and a Bandbox will be a Bandbox to the end of the Chapter, yet still they Love Praise, and who does not? As the Vice Chancellor, who anfwer'd a Master of Arts, that gave in for his Reasons of denying a certain Scholar his Degree, that He Loved a Girl, by the known Response of Quis non? What Man is without a Natural Affection to a Pretty Females. Imaginary Happiness will do For near as many Uses as the true: And if the Poles in their own Plagues delight, Wise Heaven's too just to let them thrive in Spite. His Philosophy