are poison. Aug. Before you go, Miss Bridgemore, suffer me to ask, when you related Lord Abberville's adventure to Mr. Tyrrel, why you suppressed the evidence of your own maid, who conducted him into my chamber? Luc. Miss Aubrey, if it ever is your fate to have a rival, you will find an answer to that question. [Exit. with Mrs. Bridgemore. Mort. Hold, you and I, Sir, must not part. (To Bridgemore as he is going.) Bridge. Well, Sir, your pleasure? Aug. I suffer for him; this is a scene I wish not to be present at. [Exit. Tyr. Well, Mr. Bridgemore, you that harbored my Augusta upon charity, I shall leave my uncle to discharge my obligations to you on that score, together with his own. [Exit. Mort. Well, Sir, we are now alone; and if it needs must be that one of us shall come to shame, it is well we are so. It is thought I am a hard unfeeling man; let it be so: you shall have justice notwithstanding: innocence requires no more. You are accused; defend yourself. Bridge. Accused of what; and who is my accuser? Mort. A man; and you shall face him like a man. Who waits? (A Servant enters.) Desire the stranger to come hither (exit Servant.) Fear nothing; we are enough to try this question; where the human heart is present, and the appeal is made to Heaven, no jury need be summoned. Here is a stranger has the confidence to say that your pretensions to charity are false; nay, he arraigns your honesty; a charge injurious to any man, but mortal to a trader, and levelled at the vital root of his profession. Bridge. Ay, it is the Turkey merchant I suppose; let him come in; I know upon what ground I stand, and am afraid of no man living. Mort. (aside.) We shall try that. Do you know this Gentleman? AUBREY enters. Bridge. (starting) Aubrey! Aub. Thou wretch! Bridge. He lives! Aub. To thy confusion -- Raised by the bounty of my family, is this your gratitude? When in the bitterness of my distress I put an infant daughter in your hands, the last weak scyon of a noble stock, was it to rob me you received her? To plunder and defraud an helpless orphan, as you thought her, and rise upon the ruins of your benefactor's fortune? Bridge. Oh! I am trepanned! How shall I look my wife and daughter in the face (aside.) Aub. Where have you lodged the money I deposited with you at parting? I find my daughter destitute: what have you done with the remittances I sent from time to time? But above all, where is the produce of the Neptune's cargo? Villain, look here, I have the proofs; this is the abstract of the sale; if you dispute it, I am here provided with a witness, your Jew broker, ready at hand to attest it to your face. Bridge. Expose me not; I