the means of bringing Bridgemore to an interview at Mr. Mortimer's. Come, my good benefactor, how fortunate was this meeting! I long to know to whom I owe this happiness. [Exeunt. A Compting-House belonging to BRIDGEMORE. BRIDGEMORE and NAPTHALI. Bridge. And so, friend Napthali, Lord Abberville has had another tumble. Napth. A damn one. Bridge. I Am glad on it; this will wring his fine high hampered carcass to the quick. Napth. I'fait, he flings and winces so, I tremble to come near; he look as dark as India-stock upon a settling day. Bridge. Ay, ay, the dice are little weapons, but they make deep wounds: what between those that win and us that lend, he bleeds at both arms. These are the bonds. Napth. Take 'em: this is a memorandum of the premium on five tousand, and this the private contract for extraordinary interest. (Gives several papers.) Bridge. Good, good, friend Napthali! The bonds give legal interest, and this doubles it. There, there, lie by and breed (puts them by;) but hark'e-me! Have brought the abstract of the sale of the Neptune's cargo? Napth. Aubrey's consignment you mean. Bridge. The same; but mum! That Is between you and me: close, close, my little Napthali. Napth. A broker and betray his principal! That Is not my vay; there is no senses in that. Here I have make out your account; it is var coot bargain I have make considering diamond is a drug. Bridge. Why this tells well; it mounts; the raw silk was old gold; the carpetting and cottons not amiss; and whuh! the rhubarb! Napth. Ah, Sir, but vat is that? -- Look at the coffee! Bridge. Politics account for that; while newspapers bear price, coffee will hold its own. This rupture with the Russians was in our favor here. Napth. Ay, ay, a charming stroke: war is a var coot thing; and then the plague; a blessed circumstance, tank Heaven; a blessed circumstance, coot 7 per cent. Bridge. Let me see; altogether it is a thumping sum: It netted forty thousand: where is the conscience, Napthali, that woudn't strain a point for forty thousand pounds? Napth. Oh, it is all fair in the vay of trade; you could not strike a jury out of Jonathan's that woudn't acquit you. Well, Mr. Bridgemore, any thing more in my vay? Bridge. Nothing at present. Did you call at Lloyd's? Napth. Odso! well recollected! The Seahorse is arrived from Scanderoon, she that had such high insurances upon her. Bridge. What do you hear? What passengers come in her? Is she at Stangate Creek? Napth. No, in the pool; she brought clean bills of health from Leghorn. Bridge. Go, go; you have given me an ague-fit; the name of Scanderoon sets all my teeth a chattering. (Exit Napth.) Well, would it had been possible to have kept my secret from that fellow -- The Seahorse come at last! -- Why be it so. -- What ails me; what possesses me? If