to pursue The Cossacks Ruin, and the Nation's too. If the Church of England can never be sufficiently secured till the Bill passes, 'twould be impardonable for them wholly to drop the Debate; wherefore it is but their Duty to adjourn it to a more convenient Opportunity. Augustus, how unhappy is thy Fate? How hardly do thou hold the tottering State? In vain of Peace thou do the Poles persuade, Deep as Infernal Darkness, their Designs are laid. Never was Queen happier than her present Majesty, and never was Princess more the Delight of the Church of England, who pays her the Hearts of her Sons, by way of Acknowledgments of her Duty, while the Offerings of the Dissenters have more of Appearance than real Sincerity. Let them no more thy Sovereign Peace abuse, Subjects can never the Prince's Grace refuse; But it is a certain Signal to the Throne, They aim at no less Purchase, than his Crown. But still Augustus, his just Wrath forbears, And Honors load the Wretches whom he fears; Fain he would all their due Allegiance buy, Does all his soft engaging Favors try; To all the Charms of Kindness he is inclined, With Grace would win a Turk's more constant Mind. How can the Patriots that stand up in Defense of the Church, aim at her Majesty's Crown? Have not they more to lose than the Dissenters? Are not they possessed of the best Estates of the Land? And would not a French Power be more destructive of their civil Rights and Immunities, than those of a Sect of Men who have no Right to any Establishment, and who have more than once, witness their Brethren in Scotland, closed in with Rome and France, in Opposition to a Worship they are declared Enemies of. Disposed to Pardon, all their Follies past, And win them to their Country's Good at last. Heaps undeserved his Favors on their Heads, With gentle Hand to their own Duty leads: Shows them the way to save the bleeding State, And trust them with his Own, and Poland's Fate. What is hinted here, exactly Tallies with her Majesty's Usage of the Dissenters since her happy Accession to the Throne; but it has always been the Practice of the Party, to throw Dirt first, and to fence off a Reproach, by fixing it upon those from whence they expect it. 'Till Treason, blackened with Ingratitude, Had all their Sense and Modesty subdued; Ripened by Royal Mercy for Reproof, The patient Prince had been provoked enough. Whom the Aspersions in this Paragraph belong to, may be soon discovered, by the Whigs insolent Usage of Her Majesty and Ministry, 'till the last Session of Parliament, when a Change was made in the Administration and as for Treason blackened with Ingratitude, they know best how to form New Conspiracies, that have been so dext'ious in managing Old. In vain he is of Livonian Plots afraid, And Swedes preparing Poland to invade; Intestine Feud the