would gain my Heart must Learn the Way Not to Control, but readily to Obey. For he that once Pretends my Faults to see, That Moment makes himself all Faults to me. [Exit.] Buckle. There Is the Inside of a Woman. [Aside.] Lord. Gone -- now Curses on me for a Fool -- the worst of Fools -- a Woman's Fool -- Whose only Pleasure is to feed her Pride, Fond of her Self, she cares for none beside. So true Coquets on their numerous Charms Display, And strive to Conquer on purpose to betray. ACT. III. Enter Lord Worthy and Sir James. Sir James. Well, my Lord. I have left my Cards in the Hand of a Friend to hear what you have to say to me. Love I Am sure is the Text, therefore Divide and Subdivide as quick as you can. Lord. Coud'st thou Infuse into me thy Temper, Sir James, I should have thy Reason too; but I am Born to Love this Fickle, Faithless Fair -- what have I not Essayed to Race her from my Breast? But all in Vain; I must have her, or I must not Live. Sir James. Nay, if you are so far gone, my Lord, your Distemper requires an Able Physician -- what think you of Loveley's bringing a File of Muscqueteers, and carry her away, Via and Armis? Lord. That Way might give her Person to my Arms, but where is the Heart? Sir James. A Trifle in Competition with her Body. Lord. The Heart's the Gem that I prefer. Sir James. Say you so my Lord? I Will Engage Three Parts of Europe will make that Exchange with you; Ha, ha, ha. Lord. That Maxim would hold with me perhaps in all but her, there I must have both or none; therefore Instruct, me Friend, thou who negligent in Love, keeps always on the Level with the Fair -- what Method should I take to Sound her Soul's Design? For though her Carriage puts me on the Rack when I behold that Train of Fools about her, yet my Heart will plead in her Excuse, and Calm my Anger Spite of all Efforts. Sir James. Humph? I have a Plot, my Lord, if you will comply with it. Lord. Nothing of Force. Sir James. Whatever it be you shall be Witness of it, 'twill either Quench your Flame, or Kindle hers. I only will appear the Guilty; but here is Company, I Will tell you all within. Enter Captain and Lovely Dressed like a Tar. Lord. I Will expect you. [Exit.] Sir James. Ha, Captain, How sits the Wind between you and your Mistress? Ha? Capt. North and by South, Faith; but here is one Sails full East, and without some unexpected Tornado, from the Old Man's Coast -- he makes his Port I warrant ye. Lovely. I wish I were at Anchor once. Sir James. Why, thou art as arrant a Tar as if thou had