Sex, Madam, extorts a Duty from ours, and a well-bred Man can no more refuse his Money to a Lady, than his Sword to a Friend. Lady Lucy. That Superfluity of good Manners, Sir James, would do better Converted into Charity; this Town abounds with Objects -- would it not leave a more Glorious Fame behind you to be the Founder of some Pious Work; when all the Poor at mention of your Name shall Bless your Memory; than that Posterity should say you Wasted your Estate on Cards and Women? Sir James. Humph, it is pity she were not a Man, she Preaches so Emphatically. [Aside.] Faith, Madam, you have a very good Notion, but something too Early -- when I am Old, I may put your Principles in Practice, but Youth for Pleasure was designed -- Lady Lucy. The truest Pleasure must consist in doing Good, which cannot be in Gaming. Sir James. Every thing is good in its Kind, Madam; Cards are harmless Bits of Paper, Dice insipid Bones -- and Women made for Men. Lady Lucy. Right, Sir James -- but all these things may be perveted -- Cards are harmless Bits of Paper in themselves, yet through them what Mischiefs have been Done? What Orphans Wronged? What Tradesmen Ruined? What Coach and Equipage dismissed for them? Sir James. But then, how many fine Coaches and Equipages have they set up, Madam? Lady Lucy. Is it the more Honorable for that? How many Misses keep Coaches too? Which Arrogance in my Opinion only makes them more Eminently Scandalous -- Sir James. Oh! those are such, as have a Mind to be Damned in this S^ate, Madam -- but I hope your Ladyships don't Rank them amongst us Gamesters. Lady Lucy. They are Inseparable, Sir James; Madam's Grandeur must be Upheld -- though the Baker and Butcher shut up Shop. Sir James. Oh! your Ladyship wrongs us middling Gentlemen there; to Ruin Tradesmen is the Qualities Prerogative only; and none beneath a Lord can pretend to do it with an Honorable Air, ha, ha. Lady Lucy. Their Example sways the meaner Sort; I grieve to think that Fortune should Exalt such Vain, such Vicious Souls -- whilst Virtue's Clothed in Rags. Sir James. Ah! Faith, she would make but a scurvy Figure at Court, Madam, the Statesmen and Politcians would Suppress her quickly -- but whilst she remains in your Breast she is safe -- and makes us all in Love with that Fair Covering. Lady Lucy. Oh! Fie, Fi, Sir James, you could not Love one that hates your chief Direction. Sir James. I should Hate it too, Madam, on some Terms that I could Name. Lady Lucy. What would make that Conversion pray? Sir James. Your Heart. Lady Lucy. I could pay that Price -- but dare not Venture upon one so Wild -- [Aside.] First let me see the Fruit ever I take a Lease of the Garden, Sir James. Sir James. Oh! Madam,