her! I would not have her have your Breeding, Mistress, for all the Wealth of England's Bank; no, I bread my Girl in the Country, a stranger to the Vices of this Town, and am resolved to Marry her to a Man of Honor, Probity and Courage. Lady. What the Sea Captain, Uncle? Faugh, I hate the smell of Pitch and Tarr; one that can Entertain one with nothing but Fire and Smoke, Larboard and Starboard, and the other Bowl of Punch, ha, ha, ha. Alp. And for every fault that she commits he will condemn her to the Bilboes, ha, ha. Lady. I fancy my Cousin's Philosophy, and the Captain's Courageous Bluster, will make Angelick Harmony. Sir Rich. Yes, Madam, sweeter Harmony than your Sept and Le^^ Fops, Rakes and Gamesters; give me the Man that serves my Country, that preserves both my Estate and Life -- Oh, the glorious Name of Soldier; if I were Young, I Would go my self in Person, but as it is -- Alp. You Will send your Daughter -- Sir Rich. Yes, Minx, and a good Dowry with her, as a reward for Virtue like the Captains. Alp. But suppose, Sir, Mrs. Valeria should not like him? Sir Rich. I Will suppose no such thing, Mistress, she shall like him. Lady. Why, there it is now, indeed, Uncle, your're too positive. Sir Rich. And you to Impertinent: Therefore I resolve to quit your House; you shall not keep your Revels under the Roof where I am. Alp. I Would have you to know, Sir, my Lady keeps no Revels beneath her Quality. Sir Rich. Hold your Tongue, Mrs. Pert, or I shall display your Quality in its proper Colors. Alp. I don't care, say your worst of me, and spare not; but for my Lady -- my Lady's a Widow, and Widows are accountable to none for their Actions -- Well, I shall have a Husband one of those days, and be a Widow too, I hope. Sir Rich. Not unlikely, for the Man will hang himself the next day, I warrant him. Alp. And if any, Uncle, pretends to control my Actions -- Sir Rich. He Would loose his labor, I Am certain -- Alp. I Would treat him -- Sir Rich. Don't provoke me, Houswife, don't. Lady. Be gone, and wait in the next Room. (Ex. Alpiew. Sir Rich. The Insolence of a Servant, is a great Honor to the Lady, no doubt; but I shall find a way to humble you both. Lady Lookee, Uncle, do what you can, I Am resolved to follow my own Inclinations. Sir Rich. Which infallibly carries you to Noise, Nonsense, Foppery and Ruin; but no matter, you shall out of my Doors, I Will promise you, my House shall no longer bear the Scandalous Name of a Basset Table: Husbands shall no more have cause to date their Ruin from my Door, nor cry there, there my Wife Gam'd my Estate away --