ask him if he knows me? Tyr. Sir, if you know this Lady, if you have any tidings to communicate that touch her happiness, oh! that I could inspire you with my feelings! Aub. I knew your father, and am a witness to the hard necessity, which tore him from an infant child, and held him eighteen tedious years in exile from his native land. Aug. What do I hear? You was my father's friend? -- The prayer and intercession of an orphan draw Heaven's righteous benediction down upon you! Aub. Prepare yourself, be constant. I have news to tell you of your father. Mort. I cannot stand this; I wish I was any where else. Tyr. Courage, my dear Augusta; my life upon it, there is happiness in store for thee. Aug. Go on, go on. Aub. You are in an error, you are not an orphan; you have a father, whom, through toil and peril, through sickness and through sorrow, Heaven has graciously preserved and blessed at length his unremitting labors with abundance. Tyr. Did I not tell you this? Bear up. Aub. Yes, virtuous Augusta, all your sufferings terminate this moment; you may now give way to love and happiness; you have a father living who approves your passion, who will crown it with a liberal fortune, who now looks upon you, speaks to you, embraces you. [Embraces her. Mort. There, there; I Am glad it is over. Joy befall you both! Tyr. See how her color flies -- She Will faint. Aub. What have I done? Dear innocent, look up. Aug. Oh, yes, to Heaven with gratitude for these divine vouchsafements -- I have a father then at last -- Pardon my tears; I Am little used to happiness, and have not learned to bear it. Tyr. May all your days to come be nothing else! But look, she changes again -- Help me to lead her into the air. [Tyrrel and Aubrey lead her out. Mort. I believe a little air will not be much amiss for any of us. Look at that girl; it is thus mortality encounters happiness; it is thus the inhabitant of earth meets that of heaven, with tears, with faintings, with surprise: let others call this the weakness of our nature; to me it proves the unworthiness; for had we merits to entitle us to happiness, the means would not be wanting to enjoy it. END OF THE FOURTH ACT. ACT V. The Hall in LORD ABBERVILLE's House. LORD ABBERVILLE followed by COLLIN. LORD ABBERVILLE. 'SDEATH, Sir, am I or you the master of this house? who made you judge what company is fit for me to keep? the gentlemen you excluded came by my special invitation and appointment. Col. Gentlemen! L. Abb. Ay, gentlemen. Were they not such? Col. Under favor, I took 'em to be sharpers; I know your Lordship always loses, and I Have notic'd that they always win. L. Abb. Impertinence! I had debts of honor