the better, I Will tell him what you say -- Have you no more? Alp. Tell him it is not my fault, I have done as much for his Service, as lay in my Power, till I put her in so great a Passion, it is impossible to Appease her. Buckle. Very good -- my Lord is upon the Square, I promise ye, as much enraged as her Ladyship to the full. Well, Mrs. Alpiew, to the longest Day of his Life he fwears, never to forget Yesterday's Adventure, that is given him perfect, perfect Liberty. Alp. I believe so -- What was it, pray? Buckle. I Will tell you; 'twas a matter of Consequence, I assure you, I Have known Lovers part for a less Triffle by half. Alp. No Disgressions, but to the point, what was it? Buckle. This -- my Lord, was at the Fair with your Lady. Alp. What of that? Buckle. In a Raffling-shop she saw a young Gentleman, which she said was very handsome -- At the same time, my Lord, praised a young Lady; she redoubles her Commendations of the Beau -- He enlarges on the Beauty of the Bell; their Discourse grew warm on the subject; they Pause; she begins again with the Perfections of the Gentleman; he ends with the same of the Lady; Thus they persu'd their Arguments, still finding such mighty Charms in their new Favorites, till they found one another so Ugly -- so Ugly -- that they parted with full Resolutions never to meet again. Alp. Ha, ha, ha, pleasant; well, if you have no more to tell me, adieu. Buckle. Stay a Moment, I see my Lord coming, I thought he would follow me. Oh, Lovers Resolutions -- Enter Lord Worthy. Lord. So, have you seen my Lady Reveller? (To Buckle. Alp. My Lord -- Lord. Ha! Mrs. Alpiew. Buckle. There Is your Lordship's Letter. (Gives him his own Letter. Lord. An Answer! She has done me very much Honor. Alp. My Lord, I am commanded -- Lord. Hold a little, dear Mrs. Alpiew. (All this while he is opening the Letter, thinking it from the Lady.) Buckle. My Lord, she would not -- Lord. Bequiet, I say -- Alp. I am very sorry -- Lord. But a moment -- Ha, why, this is my own Letter. Buckle. Yes, my Lord. Lord. Yes, my Lord -- what, she would not receive it then? Buckle. No, my Lord. Lord. How durst you stay so long. Alp. I beg your Lordship not to harbor an ill Opinion of me, I opposed her anger with my utmost Skill, praised all your Actions, all your Parts, but all in Vain. Lord. Enough, Enough, Madam, she has taken the best method in the World -- Well, then we are never to meet again? Alp. I know not that, my Lord -- Lord. I am overjoyed at it, by my Life I am, she has only prevented me; I came a purpose