do with them? Ha? It Is the Flesh Huswife, that must raise Heirs, -- and Supporters of my Name; -- and since I knew the getting of the Estate, it is fit I should dispose of it, -- and therefore no more Excuses, this is your Husband do you see, -- take my Word for it. Val. The outward empty Form of Marriage take But all beyond I keep for Lovely's Sake. Thus on the Ground for ever fix my Eyes; All Sights but Lovely shall their Balls despise. Sir Rich. Come, Captain, -- my Chaplain is within, he shall do the Business this Minute: If I don't use the Authority of a Father, this Baggage will make me lose such a Son-in-law that the City's Wealth cannot purchase me his Fellow. [Aside.] Lovely. Thanks Dear Invention for this Timely Aid. The Baits gone down, he is by himself betrayed. Thus still where Arts both True and Honest fail, Deceitful Wit and Policy prevail. Val. To Death, or any Thing, -- it is all alike to me. [Exit cum Valeria.] Sir Rich. Get you in I say, -- Hussy, get you in. In my Conscience my Niece has spoiled her already; but I Will have her Married this Moment; Captain, you have bound me ever to you by this Match, command me and my House for ever. -- But shall I not have your Company, Gentlemen, to be Witnesses of this Knot, this joyful Knot? Capt. Yes Faith, Sir Richard, I have too much Respect for my Kinsman to leave him -- till I see him safe in Harbor; Ill wait on you presently. Sir James. I am engaged in the next Room at Play, I beg your Pardon, Sir Richard, for an Hour; I Will bring the whole Company to Congratulate the Bride and Bridegroom. Sir Rich. Bride and Bridegroom? Congratulate me, Man: Methinks I already see my Race Recorded amongst the foremost Heroes of my Nation. -- Boys, all Boys, -- and all Soldiers. They shall the Pride of France and Spain pull down, And add their Indies to our English Crown. [Exit.] Sir James. Ha, ha, ha, never was Man so Bigoted before; -- how will this end when he discovers the Cheat? Ha, ha, will not you make One with the Ladies, Captain? Capt. I don't care if I do venture a Piece or Two, I Will but dispatch a little Business and meet you at the Table, Sir James. [Exit.] Enter Lady Lucy. Sir James. Ha, Lady Lucy! Is your Ladyship reconccil'd to Basset yet? Will you give me leave to lose this Purse to you, Madam? Lady Lucy. I thank Fortune I neither wish, nor need it, Sir James; I presume the next Room is furnished with Avarice enough to serve you in that Affair, if it is a Burden to you; or Mrs. Sago's ill Luck may give you an Opportunity of returning some of the Obligations you lie under. Sir James. Your