What though among the Illustrious Troop there is found, Some less Polite than some, and some unsounds. The Devil among the sacred Twelve appeared, But Devils once known are no more to be feared; The General Votes to Loyalty incline, And Mischief sinks beneath her own Design. Satyr, if there is a Pole among the Tribes, Less true than Truth it self, it is him thy Verse describes. The Devil under no Capacity is to be feared, but God whom the Scripture Exhorts us to the Fear of; and if he was to describe all that were less True than Truth it self, I question whether, if the whole Kingdom were to be Numbered, notwithstanding his boasted Perspicuity, he could find one: For God is Truth it self, and only the Divine Being worthy of that Attribute. Here great Taguski first in Order came Of bright unspotted, though suspected Fame. Youth had supplied his Head with Parent Wit, In Judgment solid, and in Sense complete; The Muses him with early Garlands Crowned, Sublime in Verse, and in his Phrase profound; Polite in Language, in his Satyr strong, Yet kills with all the Softness of a Song: To steady Justice all his Thoughts incline, Faithful in Council, Able in Design; Raised by due Merit to the highest Trust, The Captious Senate owned that Merit just. What cannot high Exalted Virtue do? He shows this strange unusual wonder true, The Monarch s Favorite, and the Peoples too; His Enemies to his just Praise submit, Fly from his Satyr, and adore his Wit; In vain they form Impolitick Designs, Envy lies buried in her Deepest Mines. For both Sides own this Character's his Due, Always to Poland and Augustus true. By the Character of Taguski, though it infinitely falls short of him, we may perceive some Lineaments belonging to the L -- H -- x, whom he seems here to endeavor to describe, and bears no more Proportion to his Gigantick Merit, than a Mouse does to a Mountain. Parent Wit, is what also his L -- p owes his no Thanks for, and suspected Fame is what he might have omitted, as well as Phrase profound; for I look upon Profundity to be an Epithet for the Judgment not the Word, which it is here applied to. Besides he might have considered when he was delineating so Great a Judge in Poetry, not to call upon Satyr to describe him while he was endeavoring a Panegyric upon his Undeniable Accomplishments. What he means by calling his L -- p the Monarch's Favorite is unknown to me, and he would do the In^^^tive Part of the World a Kindness if he would explain himself upon that Head. Their Ruski with his early Trophies stood Won from the Swedes upon the Baltic Flood. When Conti strove to snatch the Polish Crown, And all the Generous Poles his Conduct own. The Nation is very much Endebted to the Lord O -- d, then Admiral Russel,