calculated to create in the minds of men of genius, not only a disinclination to engage in dramatic compositions, but a languid and unanimated manner of executing them: It will drive men from a necessary confidence in their own powers, and it will be thought convenient to get out of the torrent's way, by mooring under the lee of some great name, either French or Italian, and sitting down contented with the humble, but less exposed, task of translation. Should this take place, a cold elaborate style will prevail in our drama, clearly opposite to the national character, and not at all at unison with the taste of our writers themselves. Correctness will become the chief object in view, by which, though much may be avoided, little will be obtained: nothing great can be accomplished on a plain; turn to Shakespeare, and you find the Alps not more irregular than his genius; had the critics of his days marked his inaccuracies with that illiberal spirit which seems reserved for our time, the bold and daring sallies of the sublimest Muse would probably have been suppressed, and neither the great Actor who has brought his scenes to life, nor the elegant Essayist Essay on the Genius and Writings of Shakespeare. who has defended them, would have made such display of their own genius in the celebration and protection of his. RICHD. CUMBERLAND. PROLOGUE. SPOKEN BY MR. WESTON, In the Character of a Printer's Devil. I AM a devil, so please you -- and must hoof Up to the poet yonder with this proof: I Would read it to you, but, in faith, it is odds For one poor Devil to face so many Gods. A ready imp I am, who kindly greets Young authors with their first exploits in sheets; While the Press groans, in place of dry-nurse stands, And takes the bantling from the midwife's hands. If any author of prolific brains, In this good company, feels labour-pains; If any gentle poet, big with rhyme, Has run his reckoning out and gone his time; If any critic, pregnant with ill nature, Cries out to be delivered of his satire; Know such that at our Hospital of Muses He may lie in, in private, if he chooses; We Have single lodgings there for secret sinners, With good encouragement for young beginners. Here Is one now that is free enough in reason; This bard breeds regularly once a season; Three of a sort, of homely form and feature, The plain coarse progeny of humble nature; Homebred and born; no strangers he displays, Nor tortures freeborn limbs in stiff French stays: Two you have reared; but between you and me, This youngest is the favorite of the three. Nine tedious months he bore this babe about, Let it in charity live nine nights out; Stay but his month up; give some little law; It Is cowardly to attack him in the straw. Dear Gentlemen Correctors, be more civil; Kind courteous Sirs, take counsel