his Elbow stand, Ready to move at his usurped Command; Who all the Image of their Captain bear, And in their Name may read their Character. The Word in Polish, signifies a Fool, A Man without a Meaning, called a Tool, A weighty Block-head with an empty Scull. When the Tackers in K. Charles the Second's Time, were for tacking away all the Prerogatives of the Crown, the Name of them was not Fool then, but Knave: 'Twas their own dear Invention, and always put in Practice by the Commonwealth Party. But for the Church to assume only the Liberty of trying the Experiment once, and that for the Preservation of the Monarchy, there it must immediately fall under the Name of Folly, because successless. Nor let enquiring Heads decline the Name, Tackers and Tookites always are the same; The Emblematick Title's easily known, Their Coat of Arms, stands up in Warsaw Town; Rampant the Ass, enrob'd in Lions Skin, To make the Bully keep the Block-head in; Quartered at large it lies, Perte-Per-Pale, The Asse's Ears against the Lyon's Tail. He might have spared himself making the Tackers a Coat of Arms; for it is well known they had them from their Predecessors, and have not been so good Customers to the Herauld's Office, as the Whigs of late Years, who have had none to put upon their Coaches 'till they paid for them. The Family from Tartary descends, And all the Furioso's are their Friends; Before the Swedish Conquest they came in, And some are lately run away again. Their numerous Offspring fills our Polish Rolls, So close allied to all our Native Poles, "We hardly know from whence they came, or when, "And yet they boast they are True-born Polish-men. These are the Men would pull the Cossacks down, And after them, Augustus and his Crown. But Poland's Genius Laughed in hissing Air, And Guilt made all the Rakes disclose their Fear. The BILL's thrown out, but still they push their Cause, In future Dyets hope for future Laws; Rail at the Cossacks, false Constructions draw, And Bully those they cannot Kill by Law. If they hardly know from whence they came, or when, how comes he to lay it down for granted, that they are descended from Tartary? But I forget he is quoting himself, and the True-born Englishman must be brought in, though introduced by the Head and Shoulders. Bromski with Polish Air, but Swedish Skill, Boasts that he was the Father of the Bill: In Foreign Parts he Traveled much in vain, Just made a Book, and so came Home again: Tells us he saw a Bridge at Rochester, And when he was at Chatham, HE WAS THERE; So when progressively to France he is come, He gravely says, he knew he wa'n't at Home. Tells us he saw at Oyse a sad Distaster, The Bridge broke down, because't could stand no faster. And at Chantilly, the Prince of Conde's Town, A Castle stood,