fill it up with something more material: I have a business to propose to you, which I consider as my own. You must know, Sir, I Have a nephew. -- Bridge. Mr. Tyrrel I suppose? Mort. The same. Mrs. Bridge. Mind that, Lucy, he is opening his commission. Luc. Law, Ma'am, you put me into such a flutter. Mort. There is a certain Lady, Mr. Bridgemore, whom, on this occasion, you must father. Bridge. How tedious he is! Coudn't he as well have named my daughter? -- Well, Sir, what are your expectations from that Lady? Mort. Nay, nothing but what you can readily supply: I know no good thing she stands in want of, but a fortune. Bridge. Well, and who doubts but on a proper occasion I shall give her one? Ay, and a tolerable fortune too, Mr. Mortimer, as times go. Mort. The fortune you was to have given my ward, Lord Abberville, will just suffice: I think the sum was forty thousand pounds. Bridge. Why you speak out at once. Mort. 'That ever been my custom; I abominate long sleepy processes; life don't allow of 'em. Bridge. But I hear nothing on your part; Mr. Tyrrel, as I take it, is wholly dependant on your bounty -- besides, affairs, as I conceive, are yet scarce ripe. Luc. Indeed, pappa, you're very much mistaken. Mrs. Bridge. Why really, Mr. Mortimer, the parties should at least be suffered to consult each other's inclinations. Mort. By all means; let 'em speak for themselves: it is their own cause, and they will plead it best: hark'e, come in, Sir, these are the parties. TYRRELL and MISS AUBREY enter. Luc. Ah! Mort. What ails you; have you trod upon a thorn? Mrs. Bridge. Astonishing assurance! Augusta here? Mort. Yes: Francis Tyrrel and Augusta Aubrey. Do the names offend you? Look at the parties, are they not well matched? Examine them, they will tell you they are agreed. Who shall forbid their union? Luc. Who cares about it? If Mr. Tyrrel and the Lady are agreed, that is enough: I suppose it is not necessary for us to be present at the ceremony. Bridge. Ay, Sir, I pray you, where is the occasion for us to be called in, because your nephew chooses to take up with an unworthy girl, that I once harbored upon charity? Tyr. Hold your audacious tongue: let conscience keep you silent. Aug. Hush, hush! you frighten me; pray be composed; and let me own that no injustice, no severity can wholly cancel what I owe to Mr. Bridgemore for his past protection, and that share of education he allowed me; but when he puts this to the account of charity, he takes a virtue foreign to his heart, and only aggravates the shame that is falling on him. Mrs. Bridge. Is the man thunderstruck; why don't you answer? Mort. Charity keeps him silent. Luc. Come, let us begone: her words have daggers in 'em, and her looks