from Whitehall to the Tower, who wants your Portion to make him a Brigadier, without ever seeing a Battle -- Huswife, ha -- though your Philosophical Cant, with a Murrain to you -- has put the Captain out of Conceit, I have a Husband still for you; -- come along, come along, I Will send the Servants to clear this Room of your Bawbles, -- (pulls her off) I will so. Val. But the Servants will not, Old Gentleman, that is my Comfort still. (Exit.) Re-enter Lovely. Lov. I Am glad they are gone, for the Duce take me if I could hit the Way out. Enter Sir James. Sir James. Ha -- Ensign! luckily met; I have been Laboring for you, and I hope done you a Piece of Service. Why, you look surpised. Lov. Surpised! so would you, Sir Harry, if you had been whelmed under a Tub, without Room to Breath. Sir James. Under a Tub! Ha, ha, ha. Lov. 'Twas the only Place of Shelter. Sir James. Come, come, I have a better Prospect, the Captain is a very Honest Fellow, and thinks if you can bear with the Girl, you deserve her Fortune; here is your Part, [Gives a Paper] he will give you your Cue, he stays at his Lodging for you. Lov. What Is the Design? Sir James. That will tell you; quick Dispatch. Lov. Well, Sir James, I know you have a Prolifick Brain, and will rely on your Contrivances, and if it succeeds the Captain shall have a Bowl of Punch large enough to set his Ship afloat. [Exit.] Lady Reveller, Lady Lucy, Mrs. Sago, appear. Sir James. The Tea-Table broke up already! I fear there has been but small Recruits of Scandal to Day. Mrs. Sago. Well, I Will swear I think the Captain's a Pleasant Fellow. Sir James. That Is because he made his Court to her. [Aside.] Lady Revel. Uh -- I Nauseate those Amphibious Creatures. Sir James. Umph, she was not Addressed to. Lady Lucy. He seems neither to want Sense, Honor, nor True Courage, and methinks there is a Beauty in his Plain Delivery. Sir James. There spoke Sincerity without Affectation. Lady Revel. How shall we pass the Afternoon? Sir James. Aye, Ladies, how shall we? Lady Revel. You here! I thought you had Listed your self Volunteer under the Captain to Board some Prize, you whispered so often, and sneaked out one after another. Sir James. Who would give one self the Pains to Cruise Abroad, when all one Values is at Home? Lady Revel. To whom is this Directed? Or will you Monopolize and Ingross us all? Sir James. No, -- though you would wake Desire in every Beholder, I resign you to my Worthy Friend. Lady Lucy. And the rest of the Company have no Pretense to you. Mrs. Sago. That Is more than she knows. [Aside.] Sir James. Beauty, like yours, would give all Mankind Pretense. Mrs. Sago. So, not a Word