the Church's Service, it must be attributed to the Weakness of their own Resolves, not any thing that was defective in her Worship. The Diet reassumed, Cavenski broke The Healing Party's Silence first, and spoke: The h^sty Priest (says he) I understood, The Gown too often dips the Sleeves in Blood: The unheard of Insolence amazed my Soul, And Horror seizes every Christian Pole; I am a Northern Deputy it is known, Where numerous Cossacks dwell in every Town; The peaceful, and industrious People show No Reason why they should be treated so; What is it to us, what their Forefathers were, The Polish Crown's too fast for us to fear; Besides, Rebellions differ but in Name, In future Ages Ours may be the same; If ever the Old Fagellan Race should Reign, And Damn our Revolutions; it is in vain To talk of Titles, where the Swords devour; They Are always Rebels, who have lost their Power. With all Deference to my L -- d M -- ss of H -- n's excellent Qualities and healing Discourse. Though his L -- p is to be commended for standing up for so numerous a People as Yorkshire, who is so happy in the Choice of so excellent a Champion, Mr. Foe has made him make but an indifferent Speech, which is somewhat unmannerly for a Gentleman of his great Quality. For I cannot make Sense of, The hasty Priest (says he) I understood, The Gown too often dips the Sleeves in Blood. Besides, he introduces his L -- p, speaking as if the Revolution was a Rebellion, and insinuates by way of Comparison, as if it was equally criminal with that in Forty one. The Cossacks now incorporate, and tied By Laws, by Interest, and by Blood allied, Are native Poles, in Poland's Interest bound: To tack them now, would Poland's Peace confound: They Are rich and brave, and always have withstood Th invading Tartars with their Wealth and Blood; And have undoubted Title to pretend To enjoy that Land, they helped us to defend: Besides, by Laws, their Liberties remain, Those Laws, Augustus promised to maintain; This Priest would make those Promises in vain. I think their Liberties their Due to enjoy, That they may help us now, the Swedes destroy; With him the old Nobility concurred, And Damned the Bill at Cruel and Absurd. Who doubts the Dissenters Right and Title to their Estate? Heaven's forbid they should be wronged in the minutest Particle, either as to their Temporal or Spiritual Concerns. The Church-party neither has, or ever had any Thoughts that tended toward their no enjoying the Land since the late Revolution. Neither did the Queen promise to establish them, only maintain them in the Benefits that accrue to them from the Act of Toleration. The zealous Deputies resist in vain, And Envy prompts them to their strong Disdain; With mighty Struggle, and avowed Regret, They only seem to adjourn the warm Debate; Resolved in future Dyets