to adjust with every one of them. Col. Hang 'em, base vermin, pay them debts; pay your poor tradesmen; those are debts of honor. (half aside.) L. Abb. What is it you mutter? It was you too, I suppose, that drove away my Jew, that came with money to discharge those debts. Col. That Is true enough, good faith, I promised him a beating, and I kept my word. L. Abb. Rascal, you are born to be my plague. Col. Rascal! Your father never used that word. L. Abb. On your life, name not him: my heart is torn with vultures, and you feed them: shall I keep a servant in my house to drive away my guests, to curb my pleasures, my pursuits, and be a spy upon my very thoughts; to set that cynic Mortimer upon me, and expose me in the moments of my weakness to that snarling humourist? I want no monitors to reproach me, my own thoughts can do that. [Exit. Col. Well, well! it is vary well! A rascal! Let it pass -- Zooks, I Am the first Macleod that ever heard that word and kept my dirk within my girdle -- Let it pass -- I Have seen the world, served a spendthrift, heard myself called rascal, and I Will now jog bock again across the Tweed, and lay my bones amongst my kindred in the Isle of Skey; they are all that will be left of me by then I reach the place. LA JEUNESSE enters. La Jeun. Ah! dear he stand, le pauvre Colin in disgrace! Ha! ha! ha! quelle spectacle! Ma foi, I must have one little vord wid him at parting -- Monsieur le Financier, courage; I am inform my Lord have sign your lettre de cachet: vat of dat? The air of Scotland will be for your healt; England is not a country for les beaux esprits; de pure air of de Highlands will give you de grande appetit for de bonny-clabber. Colin. Take your jest, Master Frenchman, at my countrymen an' welcome; the de'il a jest they made of you last war. [Exit. La Jeu. Yes, you are all adroit enough at war, but none of you know how to be at peace. [Exit. An Apartment in MORTIMER's House. MORTIMER, AUBREY, and NAPTHALI. Mort. And these are all the money dealings you have had with Lord Abberville? Napth. That is the amount of his debt; the bonds and contracts are in Bridgemore's hands. Mort. You see your money has not slept in Bridgemore's keeping; your consignment, Mr. Aubrey, is put to pretty good interest (Mortimer looks over his papers.) Napth. Aubrey! Is your name Aubrey may I ask? Aub. It is. Napth. Have you had any dealings with Mr. Bridgemore? Aub. To my cost. Napth. Did you consign him merchandise from Scanderoon? Aub. I am the person who was guilty of that folly. Napth. Bridgemore I believe thought you was dead. Aub. I take for granted he