there must be something spurious in her genealogy: I Will have a little serious talk with her on that; I Have got the pedigree of the Macintoshes at my fingers ends, and if there is ever a flaw in her descent 'twixt this and Noah, gadzooks, I Will wager a hundred pounds I prove her an impostor. END OF THE THIRD ACT. ACT IV. Fish-street Hill. AUBREY alone. IF Bridgemore has'nt shifted his abode, that is the house; 'twas there that eighteen years ago I lost a wife, and left an infant daughter. All-disposing Providence, who have ordained me to this hour, and through innumerable toils and dangers led me back to this affecting spot, can it be wondered at, if I approach it with an anxious aching heart, uncertain as I am if I have still a child or not? What shall I do? If my Augusta's lost, 'twere better I should never enter those ill-omen'd doors; if she survives, how shall I disclose myself, and tell her she has still a father? Oh, that unknown and unperceived, I could but catch a sight of her, gaze till I Would gratified my longing, and till this throbbing might abate! I Will watch the door till somebody comes out, that I may speak to. (Steps aside.) COLIN MACLEOD, enters. Colin. The murrain light upon this Fish-street Hill, wherever it may be: I would it had na got it is name for naught, that I might fairly small it out, for I am clear bewalder'd. Johnny Grout's house would as soon be found, as this same Bradgemore's. One cries turn of this hand, one of that, and the other stares and grins forsooth because I hanna got the modern gabble on my tongue, but speak the language in it is ancient purity. Hoot! this mon seems of a batter sort, and peradventure would concede an answer. Speed you, Gentleman, I pray you whuch way leads to Fish-street Hill? Aub. You are there already; this is Fish-street Hill. Colin. Gadzooks! and that is the reason I could find it na' where alse. Ken you one Bradgemore's may I ask? Aub. He had used to live in yonder house with the great gates; but it is many years since I have been in England. Colin. In Faith, you need na' tell me that; I apprehend as much from your civility. Aub. Give me leave now in my turn to ask you a few questions. Colin. With aw my heart; you have good right; you may interrogate me freely. Aub. You are acquainted with this Bridgemore. -- Colin. I am. Aub. And with his family -- Colin. I am. Aub. And what does it consist of? Colin. Troth, of a spouse and daughter. Aub. Are they all? Colin. Ay, and enough in aw good reason; the de'il, Sir, in his vengeance need na' add a third. Aub. But to be serious, tell me I beseech you, do you know of no one else in