suffered for my sake I never can forget; and it is with joy I see you now, at last, surmount your difficulties by the recovery of Lord Courtland: may your life never be again exposed on my account! Tyr. I glory in protecting you; when he, or any other rake, repeats the like offense, I shall repeat the like correction. I am now going to my uncle Mortimer, who does not know that I am in town. Life is not life without thee; never will I quit his feet, till I Have obtained his voice for our alliance. Aug. Alas! What hope of that from Mr. Mortimer, whose rugged nature knows no happiness itself, nor feels complacency in that of others? Tyr. When you know Mr. Mortimer you will find how totally the world mistakes him. Farewell, my dear Augusta; backed with thy virtuous wishes, how can I fail to prosper? (He goes out, and she enters an inner apartment. The maidservant immediately introduces LORD ABBERVILLE. Serve. All Is safe; follow me, my Lord; she is in her bedchamber. L. Abb. Where; where? Serve. There; where you see the light through the glass-door. If I thought you had any wicked designs in your head, I would not have brought you here for the world; I should be murdered if the family were to know it: for pity's sake, my Lord, never betray me. L. Abb. Go, get you gone; never talk of treason, my thoughts are full of love. (The maidservant goes out.) First I Will secure the door: 'twill not be amiss to bar this retreat. (Locks the door, and advances to the glass-door.) Ay, there she is! -- How pensive is that posture! -- Musing on her condition; which, in truth, is melancholy enough; an humble cousin to a vulgar tyrant. -- 'Sdeath, she cannot choose but jump at my proposals. -- See, she weeps. -- I Am glad on it -- Grief disposes to compliance -- It Is the very moment to assail her. (She comes to the door, with the candle in her hand; seeing LORD ABBERVILLE, starts.) Aug. Who Is there; who is at the door? Ah! -- L. Abb. Hush, hush; your screams will rouse the house. -- It Is I, Miss Aubrey -- it is Lord Abberville. -- Give me your hand. -- Nay, be composed. -- Let me set down the candle: you are safe. Aug. Safe, my Lord! Yes, I Am safe; but you are mistaken; Miss Bridgemore's not at home; or, if she was, this is no place to meet her in. L. Abb. I Am glad of that; blessed in Miss Aubrey's company, I wish no interruption from Miss Bridgemore. Aug. I should be loath to think so; an avowal of baseness to one woman, should never be taken as flattery by another: in short, my Lord, I must entreat you to let the servants show you to some fitter apartment. I am here in a very particular situation,