waits there? show the ladies up. Bridge. Ay, ay, go up, and show your clothes, I Will chat with Dr. Druid here below. [Exeunt Ladies. I love to talk with men that know the world; they tell me, Sir, you have traveled it all over. Dr. Druid. Into a pretty many parts of it. Bridge. Well, and what say you, Sir? you're glad to be at home; nothing I warrant like old England. Ah I what is France, and Spain, and Burgundy, and Flanders? no, old England for my money; it is worth all the world besides. Dr. Druid. Your pelly says as much; 'twill fill the pot, but starve the prain; it is full of corn, and sheep, and villages, and people: England, to the rest of the oorld, is like a flower-garden to a forest. Bridge. Well, but the people, Sir, what say you to the people? Dr. Druid. Nothing: I never meddle with the human species; man, living man, is no object of my curiosity, nor ooman neither; at least, Mr. Pridgemore, till she shall be made a mummies of. Bridge. I understand you; you speak in the way of trade: money's your object. Dr. Druid. Money and trade! I scorn 'em both; the beaten track of commerce I disdain to follow: I Have traced the Oxus, and the Ton; traversed the Riphaean Mountains, and pierced into the inmost Tesarts of Kalmuc Tartary -- follow trade indeed! no; Iv'e followed the ravages of Kouli Chan with rapturous delight: there is the land of wonders; finely depopulated; gloriously laid waste; fields without a hoof to tread 'em, fruits without a hand to gather 'em; with such a catalogue of pats, peetles, serpents, scorpions, caterpillars, toads -- oh! it is a recreating contemplation, to a philosophic mind! Bridge. Out on 'em, filthy vermin, I hope you left 'em where you found 'em. Dr. Druid. No, to my honor be it spoken, I have imported above fifty different sorts of mortal poisons into my native country. Bridge. Lackaday, there is people enough at home can poison their native country. (Mrs. BRIDGEMORE and LUCINDA enter) So, Ladies, have you finished your visit already? Mrs. Bridge. We Have have made our curtsies and come away. Dr. Druid. Marry, the fates and the fortunes forbid that you should go, till my Lord comes back. Luc. Why not? if my Lord treats me already with the freedom of a husband, shoudn't I begin to practice the indifference of a Wife? [Exeunt. Dr. Druid. Well, but the supper, Mr. Pridgemore; you a citizen, and leave the supper? Bridge. Your fifty mortal poisons have given me my supper: scorpions, and bats, and toads -- come let us be gone. [Exeunt. Dr. Druid. Would, they were in your pelly! [Exit. An apartment in BRIDGEMORE's house. MISS AUBREY and TYRREL, and a maidservant with lights. Aug. How I am watched in this house you well know, Mr. Tyrrel; therefore you must not stay: what you have done and