-- love a Bowl of Punch? Oh, nothing so agreeable as your Conversation, nothing so Jaunty as a Sea Captain. Alp. So, this engages him to Play, -- If he has either Manners or Money. (aside. Capt. Ay, give me the Woman that can hold me tack in my own Dialect -- She Is Mad too, I suppose, but I Will humor her a little. (aside) Oh, Madam, not a fair Wind, nor a rich Prize, nor Conquest over my Enemies, can please like you; accept my Heart without Capitulation -- It Is yours, a Prisoner at Discretion. (Kisses her Hand. Enter Lord Worthy. Lord. Hold, Sir, you must there contend with me; the Victory is not so easy as you imagine. Lady. Oh fie, my Lord, you will not fight for one you hate and despise? I may trust you with the Captain, ha, ha, ha. (Exit. Capt. This must be her Lover -- And he is Mad another way; this is the most unaccountable Family I ever met with. (aside) Lookye, Sir, what you mean by contending I know not; but I must tell you, I don't think any Woman I have seen since I came ashore worth Fighting for. The Philosophical Gimcrack I don't value of a Cockle Shell -- And am too well acquainted with the danger of Rocks and Quicksands, to steer into to others Harbor. Lord. He has discovered her already; I, only I, am blind. (aside.) Capt. But, Sir, if you have a mind to a Breathing, here tread upon my Toe, or speak but one Word in favor of the (...), or against the Courage of our Fleet, and my Sword will start of its self, to do its Master, and my Country, Justice. Lord. How ridiculous do I make my self -- Pardon me, Sir, you are in the right. I confess I scarce knew what I did. Capt. I thought so, poor Gentleman, I pity him; this is the effect of Love on shore -- When do we hear of a Tarr in these ^its, longer then the first fresh Gale -- Well, I Will into Sir Richard, Eat with him, Drink with him: but to Match into his Generation, I Would as soon Marry one of his Daughters Mermaids. (Exit.) Lord. Was ever Man so stupid as my self? But I will rouse from this Lethargick Dream, and seek elsewhere what is denied at home, absence may restore my Liberty. Enter Mr. Sago. Sago. Pray, my Lord, did you see my Keecky. Lord. Keecky, what is that? Sago. My Wife, you must know, I call her Keecky, ha, ha. Lord. Not I, indeed -- Sago. Nay, pray my Lord, ben't angry, I only want her, to tell her what a Present of fine Wine is sent her just now; and ha, ha, ha, ha, what makes me Laugh -- Is that, no Soul can tell from whence it comes. Lord. Your Wife knows, no doubt. Sago. No more than