you both! Mort. Amen, say I. Live an example to the age; and when I read the list of marriages, as I do that of burials, with a sigh, let me have this to say, that there was one example of felicity. L. Abb. O, Frank, it is hard to speak the word, but you deserve her; yours is the road to happiness; I have been lost in error, but I shall trace your steps and press to overtake you. Mort. Why that is well said; there spoke your father from within you: now begone; fly to the altars of your country lares; visit that nurse of contemplation, solitude; and while you range your groves, that shook at every rattle of the dice, ask of your reason, why you was a gamester. L. Abb. I Have been a madman; I have lost an humble faithful friend, whose services would be invaluable. Mort. Why ay, your Highlander, your poor Macleod; our plan must stop without his help; I Am but a projector, he must execute -- but there likewise I can serve you. L. Abb. O Mortimer, how much have I mistaken thee! Mort. Come, come, I have my faults; I Am an untoward fellow, and stand as much in need of a reform as any of you all. DOCTOR DRUID enters hastily, followed by COLIN. Dr. Druid. Tutor me truly -- talk to me! Pray, Gentlemen's, bear witness: is Master Colins here a proper teacher of the dialects, do you see, and pronunciations of the English tongue? Colin. Why not? Is there not Duncan Ross of Aberdeen that lactures twice a week in oratory at the Seven Dials? and does not Sawney Ferguson, a cousin of mine awn, administer the English language in it is utmost elegance at Amsterdam? Dr. Druid. Bear witness, that is all I say, bear witness. Mort. We do; there is not one amongst us, Doctor, but can witness to some noble act of Colin's; and we would not wound his harmless vanity, for any bribe that you can offer. L. Abb. Colin, I Have done you wrong; but I was not myself; be you no worse a servant than you have been, and you shall find henceforward I will be a better master. Colin. I Am satisfied; an you will neglect yoursall na more than I shall do, things will gang well enough. Tyr. I must apologize to Colin too; like my Lord Abberville, I was not myself when I rebuff'd you on the business of Miss Aubrey's letter. Colin. Say no more, Master Tyrrel; it is not for a mon to resent the pertness of a child, or the petulance of a lover. Aug. But what shall I say to him? where shall I find words to thank him as I ought? Aub. I father all your obligations; 'twas not you but me his bounty saved. L. Abb. Hold, Sir, in point of obligation I stand first. By how much there is more disgrace