make it religion too, and put it out of fashion with the world at once: of this be sure, I had sooner cast my guineas in the sea, than give 'em to a duellist. But come, Frank, you are one from prejudice, not principle; therefore we'll talk no more on it. Where are you lodged? Tyr. At the hotel hard by. Mort. Then move your baggage hither, and keep house with me; you and I, nephew, have such opposite pursuits that we can never justle; besides, they tell me you're in love; 'twill make a good companion of you; you shall rail at one sex, while I Am employed with t other, and thus we may both gratify our spleen at once. Tyr. O, Sir, unless you can consent to hear the praises of my lovely girl, from hour to hour, in endless repetition, never suffer me within your doors. Mort. Thy girl, Frank, is every thing but rich, and that is a main blank in the catalogue of a Lady's perfections. Tyr. Fill it up then, dear Uncle; a word of yours will do it. Mort. True, boy, a word will do it; but it is a long word, it is a lasting one; it should be, therefore, a deliberate one: but let me see your girl; I Am a sour fellow; so the world thinks of me; but it is against the proud, the rich I war: poverty may be a misfortune to Miss Aubrey; it would be hard to make it an objection. Tyr. How generous is that sentiment! -- Let me have your consent for my endeavors at obtaining here is, and I shall be most happy. Mort. About it then; my part is soon made ready; yours is the task: you are to find out happiness in marriage; I Am only to provide you with a fortune. (Exit Tyr.) Well, Frank, I suspected thou had more courage than wit, when I heard of thy engaging in a duel; now thou art for encount'ring a wife, I am convinced of it. A wife! 'sdeath, sure some planetary madness reigns amongst our wives; the dogs-star never sets, and the moon's horns are fallen on our heads. COLIN MACLEOD enters. Colin. The good time o'day to you, good Master Mortimer. Mort. Well, Colin, what is the news at your house? Colin. Nay, no great spell of news, good faith; aw things with us gang on after the auld sort. I Am weary of my life amongst 'em; the murrain take 'em all, sike a family of free-booters, Master Mortimer; an I speak a word to 'em, or preach up a little needful economy, hoot! the whole clan is up in arms. I may speak it in your ear, an' the de'el himsell was to turn housekeeper, he could na' pitch upon a fitter set; fellows of all trades, countries and occupations; a ragamuffin crew; the very refuse of the mob, that canna' count past two generations without a