though the Polish Diet was possessed, And blindly in his Favor once Addressed; The public Banter all the Kingdom knew, It moved their Mirth and Indignation too: The general fixed Dislike Augustus saw; Laid by the haughty Thing, and left him to the Law. The Quacking, Mountebanking Tool of State, That neither could be little, or be great, Retired to give us time to let him know, No Knave's above being told that He is so. If the Parliament of England Addressed the Throne in his Lordships Favor, they did nothing but what was consistent with the Reputation of that August Assembly, and which ought to be allowed for the pure effect of his Merit, as well as Taguskis's, who had likewise the same Honor done him, though not for the same Service. As for, no Knave is above being told HE IS SO, I agree with him, but the Consequence may tell him before he is much Older, that an Honest Man is, such as the Noblemen, whose Characters he makes so Free with. Lawrensky next, of Prussia's Royal Breed, To Ladislaus by Marriages allied; Though Int'rested in Sobiesky's Line, Yet to the Sweedes he always did incline: He kept the Polish Cash in Days of yore, When Kings grew Rich, and made the People Poor, And fain would now our Polish Treasures teach To make their Monarchs Poor, the People Rich. Under Lawrensky, none that is acquainted with Names or Things, but may know that Lawrence E -- of R -- ter is Couched. A Gentleman too near related to Her Majesty, to be used after such a manner, and whose Conduct as L -- H -- T -- r has not been Excelled by any Successor whatever, without any Reflection upon the Present Management of the Ex -- quer. If Stories known of Old, should be revived, Of Leaves torn out, and horrid Facts connived; Of Crimes too Black for Satyr to reveal, Which Kings have Died, on purpose to Conceal: Were but the black Record again Reviewed, When the false Peer his Master's Fate persued, His Picture would too low for Satyr lie, And sink the Wretch beneath Authority; Whether the French, the Sax, or Polish race, He ever Fawned, and looked with Janus Face. When Sobieski did the Throne obtain, He Grudg^d the Crown, though his own Race should Reign: But when in Viceroys Dignity went Halves, He stoopt to Rule Moldavian Western Slaves. The Tearing the Leaves is such a Forgery as has been more than once Exp^^^ed and Confuted in the late Reign, when his Enemies, such as G^p'd after his Lord Lieutenantship of Ireland, published their Sham Vindication, and for that Cause requires no other Answer, than that those who think it Meritorious to revile a N -- m, will not stick to Traduce a R -- r. Now he Repines the Management supreme Is not, as he contrived, resigned to him: For this his Viceroy's Office he laid down, Again to