to all the Whores, and all the Bears, The Polish Smithfield Butchers storm and rage, And sable Weeds adorn the drooping Stage; Prize fighting Triumphs pass no more Cheap side, Nor female Champions in their Armor ride, The Sword and Dagger-Heroes are undone, Gransky their darling Patron, Gransky's gone; Augustus thus at one unhappy Word, Lost the wild Gentry first to gain the Lord. When once a Gentleman comes to be the Envy of a Party, and an overmatch for them in Politics as well as Popularity and the People's Affection, they make it their endeavor to render him Little, least his Merits should raise him too high for their reach. This worthy Patriot's Services by Sea and Land attest for him that his Thoughts are above Prize fighting and such Vulgar Exercises, and though he may have Diverted himself as well as others, by seeing the Rarities of Art and Nature, it is no more than the greatest Councellor in the Cabinet descends to, sometimes. Yet Gransky once the People's Humor Crossed, He would be for the Bill, what'er it cost; Though all the Poles their high Dislike expressed, And so the Bill and Lord made up the Jest. Gransky was always Zealous for the State, But when the Swedes endangered Poland's Fate, He gravely Vowed and Swore he would never Associate. More Noblemen and Gentlemen than He who refused the Association at first have taken it since, and to be singly in the Right, is more Honorable than to have Thousands embark with him in a Cause that is wrong. Not Vows nor Oaths, can Polish Members bind, When latent Prospects preposess the Mind; For when he had the Mareschal's Chair in View, Through Forty Oaths that blessing he would Pursue. Satyr, The Ambitious Wretch Commiserate, Insult no more a Man of adverse Fate; The Sullen Member's Chagrin and Perplexed, With high extremes of Pride, and Envy Vexed, Because from Speaking Office he must Fall, For two long Years, he would hardly speak at all. None that knows him will say, that he is not Master of Abilities to fill the Speakers Chair, and had the Person that censures him for hardly speaking at all these two long Years, managed his Pen as the Noble P -- r is said to manage his Tongue, he would have no occasion next Session of Parliament to take the Country Air, when the Winter draws other People to the City. Augustus always, all Men's Good Intends, To make the Man of Mischief some Amends, He sent him down among his Western Friends. The Tinners Petty Diet he Prepares, Bear-Garden there, in Miniature Appears; The Mobb-Assembly healed his Discontent, For Rabble always was his Element. A Sign that he knows the Constitution of the Stannaries, to say it is a Bear-Garden, and Mob-Assembly, when most of the best Gentlemen of the West gave their Appearance there. I hope he has changed his mind since his Lordship's Removal from being Lord Warden, or