Govern, and Abuse the Crown; But wiser Councils laid him gently by, And left him to bewail his lost Authority. His Character is of a much different Complexion, for he did not fling up his Lieutenancy of Ireland for the sake of the Prime Ministry, but for his Ease, since the Irish are an Inflexible People, and not to be Gove^n'd Easily but by such as are the^ own Native. And he was so far from being dissatisfied with the Measures taken by those near Her Majesty, that no other Motive but the Satisfaction in the Administration, induced him to retire. Now he Cabals, the Parties to Unite, And strives to bring us all to Peace in Spite; Courts every Side to his absurd Design, And thinks to make the Swedes and Cossacks join; My Soul, his sly, pretended Peace abhor, The Brooding Vnion's Big with Civil War; Rouse every Loyal Pole to Self-Defence, Give them for Arms, their Eyes, for Swords their Sense, For all Men see the empty sham Pretense. Mr. Review has Preached up Peace and Union to some purpose, if at last he turns Renegade from his own Principles, and makes it his Business to Ridicule such as are for a Treaty between the two Contending Parties. Give 'em for Arms their Eyes, says he, (...) Swords their Sense, as if Swords were not Arms; why did he not insert for Guns their Eyes, since Arms and Swords are the very same sort of Weapons. Old Seymsky was of this intriguing Band, A Polack born, on Neiper's Golden Strand; Ancient in Crimes, bred up to Fraud and Feud, His Interest at his Master's Cost persu'd; A mighty Stock of ill-got Wealth enjoyed, When Polish Troops our Polish Lands destroyed; When his dear Countries Liberties lay low, He Fisht in all the Troubles made then so: When Poland's Kings the Polish Peers oppressed, And Property was made the Monarch's Jest, In those dear Days he kept the Royal Cash, And forged those Cheats he since pretends to Lash. Now he sets up to save the Nation's Pelf, And would have no man Cheat us but himself; Detects ill Practices with eager Vote, And rails at Bribes with mertenary Throat: That he should be Ungrateful and Unjust, Despise the Grace, as he betrayed the Trust; Be Proud, be Peevish, Insolent, and Base, Nature has painted that upon his Face, Envy sits rampant on his tottering Head, And R -- e's wrote there so plain that every man may read. In Seymsky, the Reader must agree with me, that he points at Sir Edward S -- r, but all to no purpose. Reverberat Ictus, the Shot rebounds upon himself, and the Detracter falls a sacrifice to his own Calumny. At the Sitting of the Parliament, it is ^en to one, but this Seymski makes Foeski Eat his Words, he has shown many a Better Man a pleasanter Trick, and the Polish Scribe will not be the First, whom he