Temper, that aim's at an Increase of Prerogative and Power, can it be otherwise than Impossible, that the Gentleman here designed can be too proud to Rise? I have heard of Chewing of Tobacco indeed, but never heard of Chewing the Air to sounds of Strife, which is a Note beyond Ela. Augustus tried him with uncommon Grace, Gave him his Household Staff, and Household Place; His Robe of Peer attempted to put on, But he put by that Feather to his Son; Accepts the high Command without the Name, Because he covets Mischief more than Fame. The Party-Zealot never could resign His dear Speech-making, old, contentious Sin, Resolved the Head of Faction to supply, And as he Lived unblest, uneasy Dye. He was too proud to be made Great before, but here He accepts the High Command. Ay but, says our Author without the Name of a P -- as if Greatness did not consist more in Extensive Command than Length of Title. To Covet Mischief more than Fame, is none of the most regular Expressions that have dropped from Mr. Foe. since Mischief is Fame in one sense, and a Man may as well be Famous that is Transmitted to Posterity for doing Ill things as Good. Augustus saw the Sullen Wretch go on, Neither by Art or Bounty to be won, His Malice he despised, his Pride contenm'd, And to his juster Fate the Wretch condemned; Left him his empty Follies to pursue, And his unvalued Favors with his Staff withdrew. The White Staff was not taken from him, but he resigned it; and as Her Majesty Taxed him with nothing disrespectful to Her August Character, the Poet would have looked like a Man of more V^^^city had he done the same. The unsteady Statesman's Temper yet untried, Left him at once, in spite of all his Pride; Not all his swelling Pride would give Relief, But sunk his Spirit underneath his Grief: The cowardly, self-condemned, abandoned Wretch, Saw his ambitious Ends beyond his reach; With strong Reluctance all his Honors quits, And with his Places now resigns his Wits. So Pride unbounded, with no Power sufficed, Wants Courage but to see it self Despised. How could he quit his Honors with Reluctance, when the very Gazette tells us he voluntary resigned them? Or how could his Temper be said to be yet Untried, on Account of his Places, when he had the Experiment made upon him more than once in the surrender of more profitable Employs? But Contradiction sis what the Party gain their Ends by, and so he is at Liberty to use them. When Men are raised by Fate above their Sense, Nature must sink them in her own defense, Humane Society would else Decay, And Mad men quite demolish Liberty: For when the bloated Monster's once pulled down, The Soul deserts, the Bubble's broke and gone; Abjectly Wretched, and with Shame surprised, He meanly begs what he before despised; The high Extreme inverts