for a Macintosh at once; I am na' apt to be mistaken in any of your clan; and it is a comely presence that you have; troth it is the case with aw of you; the Macintoshes are a very personable people. [Exit. Mrs. Mac. Another of my Scottish cousins -- Oh, this new name of mine is a most thriving invention; a rare device to hook in customers; when I was plain Nan Rawlins of St. Martin's parish, scarce a yard of ferret could I fell to club a prentice's hair on a Sunday morning; now there is not a Knight of the Thistle that does not wear my green paduasoy across his shoulder, nor a Mac passes my shop who does not buy snuff and black ribband of his kinswoman; of such consequence is it to have a good name in this world. [Exit. A room in LORD ABBERVILLE's house. LORD ABBERVILLE enters, followed by several servants. L. Abb. You are a most unreasonable set of gentry truly; I have but one Scotchman in my family, and you are every one of you, cook, valet, butler, up in arms to drive him out of it. La Jeu. And with reason, my Lord; Monsieur Colin is a grand financier; but he has a little of what we call la malady du pays; he is too oeconomique; it is not for the credit of mi Lord Anglois to be too oeconomique. L. Abb. I think, La Jeunesse, I have been at some pains to put that out of dispute; but get you gone all together, and send the fellow to me; I begin to be as tired of him as you are. -- (Exeunt servants.) -- His honesty is my reproach; these rascals flatter while they rob me: it angers me that one, who has no stake, no interest in my fortune, should husband it more frugally than I who am the owner and the sufferer: in short, he is the glass in which I see myself, and the reflection tortures me; my vices have deformed me; gaming has made a monster of me. LA JEUNESSE reenters. L. Abb. Well, is the savage coming? La Jeu. He is only turning his cravat, my Lord, and will be here immediately. L. Abb. Leave me. (Exit LE JEUNE. COLIN enters.) Come hither, Colin; what is this I hear of you? Colin. Saving your presence I should guess a pratty many lies; 'twill mostly be the case when companions in office give characters one of another. L. Abb. But what is he, whom nobody speaks well of? You are given up on all hands. Colin. And so must truth itsall, when the de'el turns historian. L. Abb. You Have been applauded for your bluntness; it is no recommendation to me, Macleod; nor shall I part from all my family to accommodate your spleen: from the stable-boy to my own valet, there is not a domestic in this house gives you a good word.