she brings news of Aubrey's death, I Am a whole man; ay, and a warm one too. -- How now; who is there? COLIN MACLEOD enters. Colin. Cawdie Macleod, a ragged Highlander, so please you, a wratched gaelly under savor of your raverence, na better. Bridge. I recollect you now for one of my Lord Abberville's retinue -- Well, you have some enquiries to make about Miss Aubrey. Colin. Ecod, you are close upon the mark. Bridge. I guest as much; but she is gone from hence, and you may follow. Colin. Out on thee, ragamuffin; an I were not bound to secrecy, I Would gee thee sic a pill should lead that weam of thine the de'il a dance (aside) Bridge. No, Master Colin, your Scotch policy will stand you in no stead this turn. Colin. Then I Will forswear my country -- Well, you wull na' have my message then, I mun gang bock to Master Mortimer, and tell the Turkish trader you will na' see him. Bridge. Hold, hold, what trader do you speak of? Colin. Of one that is com'd a passanger from Scanderoon, aboard the what do you call the vessel -- the Seahorse I take it. Bridge. What, who? It is not Aubrey. Colin. Good faith, I would it was -- the mon is dead. Bridge. Which man is dead; the passenger or Aubrey? Colin. Hoot! cannot you think it is Aubrey? -- By your leave, truth, awhile; you will na' take it much to heart, an I make use of falsehood, to detect itsall (aside.) Bridge. I Will go to Mr. Mortimer's; I Will go with all my heart. Give me your hand; I ask your pardon heartily, my honest friend -- and so he is dead you say -- you're sure he is dead -- pray, what distemper did he die of? Colin When a mon's in his grave, what matters whuch distemper laid him there? Bridge. That Is true, that is true enough. Pray you sit down; I Will just run up and tell my wife and daughter -- Zooks! suppose I brought them with me; will they meet a welcome think you? Colin. Ay, sic a one as you don't look for, take my word. Bridge. I Am a new man; I walk upon the air. [Exit hastily. Colin. Ecod, the project takes; I drew for the cock bird, and have taken the whole covey. NAPTHALI enters hastily. Napth. Odds my life, Mr. Bridgemore, I forgot -- Who Is there? -- that devil Scotchman. Colin. Hold, hold, friend Napthali; you and I munna part. you must keep pace wi' me to Master Mortimer's. Napth. To Mr. Mortimer's? Impossible: why I must be at Bank, Sir, I must be at Jonathan's: I Have forty bargains to settle. I shall have half the Coffee-House on my back. Would you make me a lame duck? Colin. Duck, or no duck, ecod, Sir, you must travel. [Drags him out. LUCINDA enters. Heyday! I never