This is the Genteelest Piece of Gallantry, the Action is Sir Harry's, I see by his Eyes. Discovers a Purse in the Furbeloes of her Apron. Sir James. Nine wins, Six loses Mrs. Sago. I am ruined and undone for ever; oh, oh, oh, to loose every Card, oh, oh, ho. [Burst out a Crying.] Capt. So there is one Vessel sprung aleek, and I am almost ashore -- If I go on at this Rate, I shall make but a lame Voyage on it I doubt. Sir James. Duce wins, King loses. Capt. I Mace again, -- I Mace Double, I mace again; -- now the Devil blow my Head off if ever I saw Cards run so; Dam 'em. [Tears the Cards, and stamps on 'em.] Sir James. Fie, Captain, this Concern among the Ladies is indecent. Capt. Dam the Ladies, -- may not I swear, -- or tear my Cards if I please, I Am sure I have paid for them; pray count the Cards, I believe there is a false Tally. Sir James. No, they are Right, Sir. [Sir James counts em.] Mrs. Sago. Not to turn One Card! Oh, oh, oh. [Stamps up and down.] Lady Revel. Madam, if you play no longer pray don't disturb those that do. -- Come, Courage, Captain, -- Sir James's Gold was very lucky; -- who could endure these Men did they not lose their Money? [Aside.] Capt. Bring another Book here; -- that upon Ten, -- and I Mace that. -- [Puts down a Card, and turns another.] Sir James. King face't, Eight wins, Ten loses. Capt. Fire and Gunpowder. [Exit.] Lady Revel. Ha, ha, ha, what is the Captain vanished in his own Smoke? -- Come, I Bett with you, Mr. Sharper; your Card loses. Re-enter Captain, pulling in a Stranger, which he had fetched out of the Street. Capt. Sir, do you think it possible to lose a Trante and Leva a Quinse-leva, -- and a Sept-et-leva, -- and never turn once Stranger. No sure, it is almost Impossible. Cap. Ounds you lie, I did Sir. [Laying his Hand on his Sword.] Lady Revel. and all the Women. Ah, ah. [Shrieks and run off.] Captain. What the Devil, had I to do among these Land-Rats? -- Zounds, to lose Forty Pounds for nothing, not so much as a Wench for it; Ladies, quotha, -- a Man had as good be acquainted with Pick-pockets. [Exit.] Sir James. Ha, ha, ha, the Captain has frighted the Women out of their Wits, -- now to keep my Promise with my Lord, though the Thing has but an ill Face, no Matter. They join together to Enslave us Men, And why not we to Conquer them again. ACT. V. Enter Sir James on one side, and Lady Reveller on the other. Lady Revel. SIR James, what have you done with the Rude Porpois? Sir James. He is gone to your Uncle's Apartment, Madam, I suppose. -- I was in Pain