Would their insatiate Avarice suffice, Supply their Hands, or satisfy their Eyes; Who shall unhappy sinking Poland save, What Gifts can close the Hands that always crave, Unsatisfi'd as Death, and greedy as the Grave? At every just Refusal Discontent, And rave for want of Bribes at Government. The Turk that is K. J. who Abdicated -- What a Respectful Title does he give Her Majesty's Royal Father? and suffice their Avarice, is a Peculiarity of Phrase I never heard of before. But this I have to say for him, when he turns Plagiary, he makes bold with his own Works, as thinking nothing that belongs to others worthy of being taken from them, but their Reputations; Witness Unsatisfied as Death, and Greedy as the Grave, which are applied to the Saints Favorite Sir R -- Cl -- ton in his Satyr called the Reformation. The valiant Sobieski had bestowed Moldavian Lands he conquered by his Sword. He thought it just that Province to bestow On those whose Valor helped to make it so; But all the wiser Men, who had no Share, Against the Justice of the Gift declare, Oblige the yielding Hero to recant, And re-bestow the hasty envied Grant. By Moldavia is meant Ireland; and if the Members of Parliament, whom he owns to be the Wiser, passed an Act for resuming the Grants of the forfeited Estates in that Kingdom, then he must allow himself to be false in his Character, when he speaks of them in another Style sometime after. And if the Grant was allowed to be Hastily, they are not to be blamed who considerately pressed His Late Majesty to Re-bestow it on the Public. But tell us, now, ye Men of Polish Wit, How the Moldavian feels the formal Cheat; Let A -- leski reimburse the Bribes, Ravished to wrong, instate the Polish Tribes. Let all the sham Conveyances appear, The Phantosme Sales, and Fancied Purchaser. Let some true Satyr all the Grievance lash Lands without Title, Buyers without Cash. Under the weighty Fraud Moldavia bleeds, And private Cheat the public Cheat succeeds, Retrieving Laws by vast Designs Pushed on, Cover Great Sobieski 's Errors by their own. Here he takes Matters upon Trust, by giving Credit to a few Irish Petitions. For the Parliament, if he means the Proceedings of the Trustees for the Forfeited Estates, since A -- leski, i. e. Mr. Annesly was one in that Commission, have passed a Vote in their Favor, which is a sufficient Argument, that they (...) not Part with the Lands they were Empowered to sell to the Buyer, without Cash. With all these Frauds and Feuds and Millions more, Which racked the injured Poles, and kept them poor, Wife Sobieski, with strong Cares oppressed, Dismissed the Throne and chose to be at Rest; Embroiled he left them whom embroiled he found, And great Augustus, with his Pow'r's Enthroned. Dismissed the Throne, may be an elegancy with him, but cannot with a Judicious