To Purge his Household, and reform his Friends: Dismisses from his presence and his Pay, The Guilty Poles, who hardly durst their Sentence stay. But fled before the High Command came down, And left him still posess'd of his long envy Crowned. The very cheerful Aid here spoken of was advanced and forwarded by the very Patriots whom he treats after such a Rascally manner; and the time may come, when Her Majesty may be more sensible than he would have Her, of the Removal of such Gentlemen from Her Presence and Favor, who have made it their whole Business to deserve Her Gracious Approbation. For it is impossible, that a Queen descended from the Family of the Stuarts can discountenance Men of Probity, Affection and Loyalty, to Her Person and Government. So Seymski first dismissed th'awakned Court, To Western Poles Conveys the swift report, Tells them in what Disgust he came away, Because he had been too great a R -- ke to stay; That all his late Proclaimed Disgrace had been Because he wanted Manners to his Qu -- n, The Case was hard, since it was always known, He scorned his Birth, and Vowed to die a Clown; A Boor of Quality to whom it chanced, That for his Anti-merit was Advanced. If Sir E. S -- r was advanced for his Antimerit, what a sort of a L -- y must somebody be that promoted him to that Dignity? For nothing can be plainer, than that if I give a Man a Place because of his Opposition to Goodness, I must be an ill Person my self. A scandalous Inuendo, which the Writer ought to be called to an account for. But to answer this Paragraph in his own way, take this noble Gentleman's Character, from a very worthy Gentleman, and yet a Tacker, in his Poem, called, Moderation displayed; where the Fiend, speaking of the late Change at Cort, says, after my Lord of I -- sy Removal had been spoken of: Senato too who bravely does deride Sempronia 's Little Arts, and Female Pride. Whose Lofty look and whose Maiestick Mien Confess the Tou'ring Godlike Soul within. A Speaker of unparalleled Renown Long in the Senate long in Conncil known, Allied to E. of Rochester. Celsus by the Noblest Claim, By the same Principles of Worth the same. Old as he is, still firm his Heart remains, And dauntless his dec^^ning Frame Sustains. So poised on its own Base, the Center bears. The Nodding Fabric of the Universe. Finski prevented the Approaching Fates, And wisely his own Fall Anticipates: The Courtier with the Statesman he resigned Guilt taught him so much of his Prince's Mind. The Earl of N -- m then is acknowledged to do one Wise Thing at last, sure the Poet forgets himself, or He would never have been Guilty of such a Condescension. But his Guilt taught him his Prince's Mind, he foresaw her Majesty's Intentions, and upon that account