are not worth a groat? Tyr. You have allowed me, Sir, to talk of love; openly, beneath your eye I have solicited Miss Aubrey's consent and gained it; as for my poverty, in that I glory, for therein I resemble her whom I adore; and I should hope, though fortune has not favored us, we have not lost our title to the rights of nature. Mort. Pooh! the rights of nature! While you enjoy it is rights, how will you both provide against its wants? Tyr. Your bounty hitherto has let me feel no wants; and should it be your pleasure to withdraw it, thanks to Providence, the world is not so scantily provided but it can give to honest industry a daily dinner. Mort. Fine words! But I Will appeal to this good Gentleman; let him decide betwixt us. Aub. In truth, young gentleman, your uncle has good reason on his side; and was I he, I never would consent to your alliance ^ith Miss Aubrey, till she brought a fortune large enough to keep you both. Tyr. These are your maxims I Have no doubt; they only prove to me that you love money more than beauty, generosity or honor. Aub. But is your Lady in possession of all these? Let me be made acquainted with her, and perhaps I may come over to your sentiments. Mort. Ay, Frank, go, fetch your girl, and let my friend here see her; I Am in earnest. Upon my honor, nephew, till you have gained this Gentleman's consent, you never can have mine; so go your ways and let us see if you have interest enough to bring her hither. Tyr. Oh! if my fate depends upon her looks, they must be iron hearts that can withstand 'em. [Exit. Aub. The manly and disinterested passion of this youth, while it possesses me strongly in his favor, gives an assurance of a virtuous conduct in my child; indeed, Sir, I am greatly taken with your nephew. Mort. Thank Heaven, the boy as yet has never made me blush; and if he holds his course, he may take one half of my fortune now, and the other at my death -- But, see, Sir, here your daughter comes. TYRREL introduces MISS AUBREY. Tyr. You are obeyed: you see the Lady, and you have nothing now to wonder at, but my presumption. Aub. To wonder at! I do behold a wonder! It Is her mother's image! Gracious Providence, this is too much! Mort. You will alarm her; your disorder is too visible. Aub. I cannot speak to her; I pray you let me hear her voice. Aug. Why am I sent for? is your uncle angry? how have I offended? -- Aub. Hush, hush, she speaks; it is she herself, it is my long-lost wife restored and raised again. Mort. Pooh! what had I to do to meddle with these matters? Aug. Why does that Gentleman regard me so attentively? His eyes oppress me;