you, for my part, I should Dream of nothing but Incision, Dissection and Amputation, and always fancy the Knife at my Throat. Enter Servant. Madam, here is Sir Richard, and a -- Val. A -- What, is it an Accident, a Substance, a Material Being, or, a Being of Reason? Serve. I don't know what you call a Material Being; it is a Man. Val. P'sha, a Man, that is nothing. Lady. She Will prove by and by out of Discartes, that we are all Machines. (Enter Sir Richard, and Capt. Firebrand.) Alp. Oh, Madam, do you see who observes you? My Lord walking in the Gallery, and every Minute gives a Peep. Lady. Does he so? I Will fit him for Eves-dropping -- Sir Rich. Sir, I like the Relation you have given me of your Naval Expedition, your Discourse speaks you a Manfit for the Sea. Capt. You had it without a flourish, Sir Richard, my Word is this, I hate the French, Love a handsome Woman, and a Bowl of Punch. Val. Very Blunt. Sir Rich. This is my Daughter, Captain, a Girl of sober Education; she understands nothing of Gaming, Parks and Plays. Mrs. Alp. But wanting these Diversions, she has supplied the Vacancy with greater Follies. [Aside.] Capt. A Tite little Frigate, [Salutes her] Faith, I think, she looks like a freshman Sea-sick -- but here is a Gallant Vessel -- with all her Streamers out, Top and Top Gallant -- with your leave, Madam, (Salutes her) who is that Lady, Sir Richard? Sir Rich. It Is a Niece of mine, Captain -- though I am sorry she is so, she values nothing that does not spend their days at their Glass, and their Nights at Basset, such who never did good to their Prince, nor Country, except their Tailor, Peruke-maker, and Persumer. Lady. Fie, fie, Sir, believe him not, I have a Passion, an extreme Passion, for a Hero -- especially if he belongs to the Sea; methinks he has an Air so Fierce, so Piercing, his very Looks commands Respect from his own Sex, and all the Hearts of ours. Sir Rich. The Devil -- Now, rather than let another Female have a Man to her self, she will make the first Advances. (aside.) Capt. Ay, Madam, we are preferred by you fine Ladies sometimes before the sprucer Sparks -- there is a Convenience in it; a fair Wind, and we hale out, and leave you Liberty and Money, two things the most acceptable to a Wife in Nature. Lady. Oh! ay, it is so pretty to have one's Husband gone Nine Months of the Twelve, and then to bring one home fine China, fine Lace, fine Muslin, and fine Indian Birds, and a thousand Curiosities. Sir Rich. No, no, Nine is a little too long, six would do better for one of your Constitution, Mrs. Capt. Well, Madam, what think you of a cruising Voyage toward the Cape of Matrimony, your Father