Church so fiery red, His Breath at Distance struck the Cossacks Dead; Plosko', the Polish Bishop, he o'erthrew, And made Augustus forced Resentment show: The Reverend Almoner at once displace, And aged Virtue bowed to rampant Vice. Hark how the Party-Hero Silence broke, And mad with Zeal, and mad with Envy spoke. By Pacski, we may read Sir J -- n P -- n, a Gentleman whose Hereditary Zeal for the established Church and Government, is what renders him obnoxious to the Censures of those that would share in the Revenues of the Church, while they are Enemies to its Worship. If he did make Complaints to Parliament against his Diocesan, every Gentleman has the Liberty so to do, when aggrieved; and it has been more than once resolved in St Stephen's Chapel, That no Peer has any thing to do with Elections for Members to serve in Parliament. " Ye Poles, (says he) regard the tottering State, " And think with me, of our Forefathers Fate; " The Rebel Cossacks all their Force o'erthrew, "I Would rather see the Swedes do so for you. " But let us all the Cossacks first expel, " And Tack their Ruin to the Tribute-Bill: " The Poles may then in Peace and Union thrive, " And Ecclesiastic Tyranny revive; "Augustus may our Quiet recommend, " But while these live, what Peace can he pretend; " And if Augustus favors their Defense, " To his Dethorning it is a just Pretense; " I Hate a Cossack, though he were my Prince. The Rebel Cossacks, viz. the Roundheads, in Oliver's Time, and what they did, ought to be fresh in our Memory, that we may prevent the like Barbarities from them again. But how Tacking the Occasional Bill as a Clause to the Land Tax, could be Tacking their Ruin to the Tribute Bill, is beyond my Power to Divine, since there was no Property invaded, but the Church only secured by an Act of Parliament in her behalf. He spoke, and Fury choked his rising Spleen, And Passion kept more dangerous Language in. For now he Mourns his just Designs are crossed, Complains that Speech that Place he talked for, lost; Declares he meant no Mischief to the Crown, Aimed at no general Interest but his Own; For that he spoke, and thought he should no doubt, Talk himself in, and talk the Cossacks out: But all his Province their Resentment show, All his Consolidating Nonsense know, Their future Trusts to Packski they refuse, So perish all that Poland's Trusts abuse. Sir John is of another Temper, than to talk for a Place, and of too large an Estate to make his Conscience truckle to his Interest, as some that have gone over from the Church-party have. Neither is it Fact that all his Province disclaim his Proceedings; they show their just Resentment indeed for his Affection to his Queen and Country for they have resented it so as to choose him again