Dignity of Folly gain, And never live without their Wits in vain; The empty Head, and noisy Tongue appear, A Step to Fame, and Dubs a Polish Peer. Coxcombs of hug uncommon Size we find, And Fools beyond the Rate of Human Kind. No Nation can such happy Blackheads show, Ecols of Design, and Fools of Learning too; With necessary Dullness so supplied, Their want of Brains has all their Vice destroyed: So Gravely silly, so Refin'dly dull, So Clear the Head, and yet so Thick the Skull; So damned to Forms, and so Tied up to Rules, Poland shall vye with all the World for Fools. In Council Hasty, in Performance Slow, No Nation such a Breed of Fools can show: Purse-proud and Fanciful they boast of Sense; A certain Sign it is but a vain pretense, Loss of Discretion's their chief Happiness, No Men that want their Brains, can want them less. So that Folly's a Dignity, and Dubs a Polish Peer, which is a sort of Petty-Treason, because it is the Queen alone who Dubs a Commoner a Peer, and insinuates as if Her Sacred Majesty was Guilty of Short-sightedness in the Distribution of Her Royal Favors, and could not distinguish a Wise Man from a Fool. Retrabas aut Vapules mi Poetula. These are the Manufactures of the Land, The Props on which our Polish Freedoms Stand; That many a Polish Province represent, And joined with Knaves make up a Polish Parliament, That help to puzzle Causes in the House, And Hunt a Question, as a Fox a Goose! Strange Miracles they often times perform, And Calm the Diet, when it is in a Storm. Meersky and Grand Exper'ment often made, Has made them Laugh and Rage, be Pleased and Mad. Nature made Fools a Dernier high Resort, To temper men of Sense, and make them Sport: Like David's Harp they can the Nation Doze, And drive the Devil from the Crazy House. To compare a Fool to David's Harp is a little Profane, as it is to liken Sir Tho. M -- r to David, who was a Man after God's own Heart, and huntiug a Qnestion like a Fox a Goose, is such an Attribute of a Fool, as I never heard of Before, since a Fox is looked upon to be the most Cunning Creature among the whole Four Legged Race. Satyr, forbear to Search the Wound too far, Lest Poland's latent Errors should appear. 'Its Enough, the Nation knows the Cursed Design, Has broke the Project, and has Marked the Men. Augustus sees, Heaven has his Soul informed, The Fools are all laid by, the Knaves disarmed; Wisdom and Temper settles Poland's Fate, And Moderation Guides the Helm of State, It Is this makes Poland Safe, this makes Augustus Great. Now He has made His Satyr say all the Malicious Things He could Invent of Her Majestys best Subjects, He very Mercifully calls upon Satyr to Forbear, just like a Certain Great General