is none of the Best, whatever the Cadence of his Poetry is; for that Imaginary Happiness can serve for near as many uses as True, neither Aristotle or des Carts has yet laid down for an Axiom in Ethics. Great Sobieski had their Crown obtained, With steady Glory thirthen Years he Reigned, And none, but who some Mischief meant, complained. His Conquering Sword made all Men think it fit, That he who saved the Land should Govern it. The Field of Battle he had first possessed, By Sixty Thousand slaughtered Turks confessed. The fatten'd Frontiers felt the reeking Flood, And died the Soil with Asiatick Blood. The weeping Neister half the Host receives, Hurries them down to darker Euxine Graves: And Mahomet's insulting Banners lay Beneath the Cross, his Valor's easy Prey. Now he begins to fall into Particulars, and by Great Sobieski must be meant K. W, who Reigned over us Thirteen Years, and who Conquered Ireland in Person and by his Generals, after the Loss of Sixty Thousand French and Irish that sided with the Unfortunate King James. With mild and gentle, but with steady Hand, He rather led than ruled the uneasy Land. Filled with Important Cares, he saw their Fate, And all the growing Mischiefs their own Feuds create; Which made him less repine, and less deplore To quit the Crown with such Concern he wore. He rather Led than Ruled. Very pretty truly, and Emphaticaly! That is, He seemed rather a Captain than a King. Dux suit non Rex: As if Leading an Army was not to Rule it. Tell us, ye Sons of Policy and Fraud, Whose vast Intrigues your selves alone applaud; Who always plot too deep, and soar too high, And Damn the Nations Peace you know not why. What ailed the Poles, with Peace and Plenty blessed, To change for Years of Blood, their Days of Rest? Describe the Men of Avarice and Pride, With all Ambition's dark Disguise arrayed; How, for the Nation's Liberty, they Cant, Till those they say abuse it they supplant, And then the mock pretended Sham lay by, Pleased with the Profits of Authority. He might have spared himself the Question of what ailed the Poles, etc. when if he would but have looked into the Partition Treaty which was Signed and brought about by a Minister of State He now professes so great a Regard for, he had been satisfied without an Enquiry; and if he would fasten upon any one of the Country Party, for taking of Places, after they had railed at Men in Offices; we can give him two of the C -- side, etc. for one, without any more to do by way of Exchange, If D -- and H -- are sufficient to balance Accounts with him. Statesmen are Gamesters, Sharp and Trick's the Play, Kings are but Cullies, wheedl'd in to Pay; The Courtiers Foot-balls, kicked from one to one, Are always Cheated, oftentimes Undone; Besieged with Flattery, false