saw the like before; I cannot think what ossesses my father; he is intoxicated; quite beside himself with this confirmation of Mr. Aubrey's death; for my part, I derive no particular gratification from it; so that Augusta had but one lover less, I care not if she had forty fathers living: Tyrrel's the man of her heart, and in truth he is an object worthy any woman's preference; if I could draw him from her 'twou'd be full retaliation for Lord Abberville -- I Will go to Mortimer's; it is an untoward visit; but I Will go there. BRIDGEMORE enters to her. Bridge. Come, bustle, daughter, bustle; get your cloak on, the coach will be here immediately: but where is my Scotchman? I forgot to ask the stranger's name. [Exit hastily. Mrs. BRIDGEMORE enters. Mrs. Bridge. Where have you hid yourself, my dear? Come, are you ready? Your father's frantic with impatience. Luc. I follow you -- Now, Aubrey, it is my turn. [Exeunt. Changes to MORTIMER's Library. MORTIMER and TYRREL. Mort. Never tell me, you have acted like a giddy hot young man; put a few hearsay circumstances together, shook 'em in an empty noddle, and so produced a compound of nonsense and suspicion. Tyr. I plainly see I Have judged too hastily. Mort. Judged! pooh, I would not give a rush for such a judge: a magpye in a cage, that chatters out whore to every woman that goes by, will be as often right as you, and judge as wisely: never talk to me of judging others, till you have condemned yourself. Tyr. I do condemn myself; and if Miss Aubrey does not sign my pardon, I am disposed not only to condemn, but execute. Mort. Away then, and throw yourself upon the mercy of the court; it is the fate of bunglers to be asking pardon. [Exit Tyrrel. COLIN enters. Colin. Bless you, good Master Mortimer, I hanna slept in your commission: yon fat fellow upon Fish-Street Hill is on his march with bag and baggage. Mort. What mean you? Does he bring his wife with him? Colin. Troth does he, and his daughter too; the plot is thick'ning you mun know apace, and yon same buzzard canna spy it out. Mort. What plot is thick'ning? Colin. Zooks, mon, you shall behold as pretty a discovery, come the time, as ever your eyes looked upon; but aw things in their course; I mun gang home the whilst, but I Will be quickly bock again, do you see. Mort. Do so, my friend; and hark'e, tell your Lord I beg half an hour's conversation with him, when and where he pleases. Colin. I shall do that; but you mun know, while I was on my way, I crossed upon a Gentleman of no vulgar presence, and considering he has sojourned for a pretty many years with none but such as we denominate barbarians, as courteous in his manners as your heart could wish. Mort. Why that accounts