gibbet in their scutcheon. Mort. Ay, Colin, things are miserably changed since your old master died. Colin. Ah, Master Mortimer, it makes my heart drop blude to think how much good counsel I have cast away upon my Lord; in faith I hanna' stinted him o'that; I gee'd him rules and maxims of good husbandry in plenty; but aw in vain; the dice have deafen'd him. Mor. Yes, and destroyed; his head, heart, happiness, are gone to ruin; the least a gamester loses, is his money. Colin. Ecod and that is no trifle in his case: last night's performances made no small hole in that. Mort. Whence learn you that? Colin. From little Napthali of St. Mary Axe: when a man borrows money of a Jew, it is a presumption no Christian can be found to lend him any. Mort. Is your Lord driven to such wretched shifts? Colin. Hoot! know you not that every losing gamester has his Jew? He is your only doctor in a desperate case; when the regulars have brought you to Death's door, the quack is invited to usher you in. Mort. Your Jew, Colin, in the present case, savours more of the lawyer than the doctor; for I take if he makes you sign and seal as long as you have effects. Colin. You Have hit the nail of the head; my Lord will sign to any thing; there is bonds, and blanks, and bargains, and promisary notes, and a damned sight of rogueries, depend on it. Ecod he had a bundle for his breakfast, as big as little Napthali could carry; I would it had braken his bock; and yet he is na' half the knave of yon fat fellow upon Fish-street Hill. Mort. Bridgemore, you mean. Colin. Ay, ay, he is at the bottom of the plot; this little Hebrew's only his jackall. Mort. I comprehend you; Bridgemore, under cover of this Jew, has been playing the usurer with Lord Abberville, and means to pay his daughter's portion in parchment; this must be prevented. Colin. You may spare your pains for that; the match is off. Mort. Hey-day, friend Colin, what has put off that? Colin. Troth, Master Mortimer I canna' satisfy you on that head; but yesternight the job was done; methought the business never had a kindly aspect from the first. Mort. Well, as my Lord has got rid of Miss, I think he may very well spare her fortune. Colin. Odzooks, but that is no reason he should lose his own. Mort. That, Colin, may be past my power to hinder; yet even that shall be attempted: find out the Jew that Bridgemore has employed, and bring him hither, if you can. Colin. Let me alone for that; there never was a Jew since Samson's time that Colin could na' deal with; an' he hangs bock, and will na' follow kindly, troth, I Will lug him to you by the ears; ay, will I, and his Master the fat