to break with her -- Buckle. (aside) Yes, so 'twas a sign by the pleasure you discovered, in thinking she had writ to you. Lord. I suppose, she has entertained you with the Cause of this? Alp. No, my Lord, never mentioned a Syllable, only said, she had for ever done with you; and charged me, as I valued her favor, to receive no Message nor Letter, from you. Lord. May I become the very'st Wretch alive, and all the Ills immaginable fall upon my Head, if I speak to her more; nay, ever think of her but with Scorn -- Where is she now? (Walks about) Alp. In her Dressing Room. Lord. There let her be, I am weary of her fantastic Humors, affected Airs, and unaccountable Passions. Buckle. For half an Hour. (Aside) Lord. Do you know what she is a doing? Alp. I believe, my Lord, trying on a Mantua; I left her with Mrs. Pleatwell, and that used to hold her a great while, for the Woman is saucily Familiar with all the Quality, and tells her all the Scandal. Lord. And conveys Letters upon occasion; it is tacked to their Profession -- But, my Lady Reveller may do what she pleases, I am no more her Slave, upon my Word; I have broke my Chain -- She has not been out then since she Rose? Alp. No, my Lord. Lord. Nay, if she has, or has not, it is the same thing to me; she may go the end of the World, if she will; I shall not take any pains to follow her -- Whose Footman was that I met? Alp. I know not, my Lord, we have so many come with How-dee's, I never mind them. Lord. You are uneasy, Child, come, I Will not detain you, I have no curiosity, I protest I Am satisfied if she is so, I assure ye, let her despise me, let her hate me, it is all one, adieu. (Going. Alp. My Lord, your Servant. Lord. Mrs Alpiew, let me beg one favor of you, (turns back.) not to say I was here. Alp. I Will do just as you please, my Lord. Lord. Do that then, and you will oblige me, Alp. I will. (Is going, and comes back often.) Lord. Don't forget. Alp. Your Lordship may depend upon me. Lord. Hold, now I think on it -- Pray ^^ll her you did see me, do ye hear? Alp. With all my Heart. Lord. Tell her how indifferent she is to me in every respect. Alp. I shall not fail. Lord. Tell her every thing, just as I expressed it to you. Alp. I will. Lord. Adieu (going.) Alp. Your Servant. Lord. Now, I think on it, Mrs Alpiew, I have a great mind she should know my Sentiments from my own Mouth. Alp. Nay, my Lord, I cannot promise you that. Lord. Why? Alp. Because she has expressly forbid your admittance. Lord. I Would