Colin. Nor ever will, till I prefer their interest to yours; hungry curs will bark; but an' your Lordship would have us regale our friends below stairs, while you are feasting yours above, gadzooks, I have a pratty many countrymen in town, with batter appetites than purses, will applaud the regulation. L. Abb. It Is for such purses and such appetites you would be a fit provider; it is for the latitude of the Highlands, not for the meridian of London, your narrow scale of economy is laid down. Colin. Economy is no disgrace; it is batter living on a little, than outliving a grate deal. L. Abb. Well, Sir, you may be honest, but you are troublesome; my family are one and all in arms against you; and you must know, Colin Macleod, I Have great objection to a rebellion either in a family or state, whatever you and your countrymen may think of the matter. Colin. My Lord, my Lord; when you have shad the blude of the offenders, it is na' generous to revive the offense: as for mine awn particular, Heaven be my judge, the realm of England does na' haud a heart more loyal than the one I strike my hand upon. DOCTOR DRUID enters to them. L. Abb. So, Doctor, what is the news with you? -- Well, Colin, let me hear no more of these complaints; don't be so considerate of me -- and hark'e, if you was not quite so parsimonious to yourself, your appearance would be all the better. Colin. Troth, I Would be better habited, but I canna' afford it. L. Abb. Afford it, sirrah? don't I know you have money enough, if you had but spirit to make use of it? Colin. True; but I fain would keep a little together, do you see, lest you should not. [Exit. Dr. Druid. Plessing upon us, how the man prates and prattles! 'Twas but this morning he was differing and disputing truly about pedigrees and antiquities, though I can count forty and four generations from the grandmother of Saint Winifred, as regularly as a Monk can tell his beads. L. Abb. Leave your generations to the worms, Doctor, and tell me if you carried my message to Bridgemore -- But why do I ask that? when I myself am come from putting the finishing hand to that treaty: and really if young women will keep companions, who are handsomer than themselves, they mustn't wonder if their lovers go astray. Dr. Druid. Ah my Lord Apperville, my Lord Apperville, you have something there to answer for. L. Abb. Preach not, good sixty-five, thy cold continence to twenty-three; the stars are in my debt one lucky throw at least; let them bestow Miss Aubrey, and I Will cancel all that is past. (A Servant delivers a letter) what have we here? -- from Tyrrel I suppose -- no, it is from a more peaceable quarter; my commodious Mrs. Macintosh. (Reads) -- "Chance has