THE Diet of POLAND, A SATYR. CONSIDERED Paragraph by Paragraph. To which is added A Key to the whole, with the Names of the Author, and the Nobility and Gentry, that are Scandalously Pointed at, in it. Rode Caper vitem, tamen hinc cum stabis ad Aras, In tua quod fundi Cornua possit, erit, Ovid: LONDON, Printed: And Sold by Ben. Bragg, at the Blue-Ball in Ave-Mary-Lane, in the Year, 1705. THE PREFACE. AS Poland lies almost in the same Latitude with England, so the Character the Poet has here given of the Poles, seems so exactly to match what some ill-natured People have said of some in Enland, that he easily foresees this Censorious Age will be apt to mis-judge him, as if he had some Oblique Meaning, and that this was a Satyr levelled at some People nearer Home ^han the Castle of Warsaw. To foresee an Accident and not endeavor to be prepared against it, is a Piece of Policy peculiar to an Author that sets up To Reform the Errors of Petty Statsmen three times a week to no Purpose; and it adds very much to a Malefactor's Conviction to be guilty of a Willful Crime. Wherefore He had better, either to have kept his Foresight to himself, or stifled his Poem before he had sent it abroad, to the Great Abuse of himself, and the Patriots he has taken the Freedom to Characte^. As for his Skill in Poetry, if it was no better than his Knowledge in Geography, He might have spared the Trouble of a Preface to the Reader, since there is so great a Difference between London and Warsaw in their Latitude, that ^he first is Lon. 18. 36. Lat. 51. 32. the last Lon. 42. 5. Lat. 52. 7. But the Author humbly hopes all such Inuendo-Men will consider, that as they can have no Reason to Think so, but Similitude of Characters, so no Conjectures of theirs, ought to pre-judge his meaning, in which he demands to be left to himself, and expects to be understood in the following Poem as he Speaks, not as every prejudiced Man may imagine he meant. How any Man can humbly hope, that has the Arrogance to say, He can be charged with nothing but similitude of Characters, is beyoud the Reach of my Understanding, and if he has not done by the Gentlemen whom he has Injuriously treated, as well as those whose Reputation is blasted with his Commendation, as if he had actually written down their Christian and Sir Names in Capital Letters, then I have no claim to any such Thing as Common Apprehension. If any are so Weak to tell us, That Smithfield and Cheapside, cannot be meant of Poland, the Author presumes to ask such People, if ever they have been at Warsaw; and, if they have, and don't know that there is both a Smithfield and a Cheapside, as well as a May-Fair; and a Bear-Garden, he is sorry