your Coach -- to your falling fast Asleep. Ha, ha, ha. Lord. The Glasses of my Coach! What do you mean, Madam -- Oh Hell! [Biting his Thumbs.] Buckle. Ruined quite. -- Madam, for Heavens sake what does your Ladyship Mean? I Li'd in every Syllable I told you, Madam. Lady. Nay, if your Lordship has a Mind to Act it over again we will Oblige you for once -- Alpiew set Chairs -- come, Dear Sago, sit down -- and let the Play begin -- Buckle knows his Part, and upon Necessity could Act yours too my Lord. Lord. What has this Dog been doing? When he was only to deliver my Letter, to give her new Subject for her Mirth -- Death, methinks I hate her, -- Oh that I could hold that Mind -- what makes you in this Equipage? Ha! Sirrah? [Aside.] Buckle. My Lord, I, I, I, I, Lord. Peace Villain -- [Strikes him.] Lady. Hey -- this is Changing the Scene -- Buckle. Who the Devil would Rack his Brains for these People of Quality, who like no Body's Wit but their own? -- [Aside.] Mrs. Sago. If the Beating were Invention before, thou have it now in Reality; if Wars begin I Will Retire. They may agree better alone perhaps. [Exit.] Lady. Where did you learn this Rudeness, my Lord, to Strike your Servant before me? Lord. When you have deprived a Man of his Reason how can you blame his Conduct? Buckle. Reason -- Egad -- there is not Three Drams of Reason between you both -- as my Cheek can testify. [Aside.] Lady. The Affront was meant to me -- nor will I endure these Passions -- I thought I had forbid your Visits. Lord. I thought I had Resolved against them to. Alpiew. But Resolutions are of small force of either side. [Aside.] Lord. Grant me but this One Request and I Will remove this hated Object. Lady. Upon Condition it is the last. Lord. It shall -- I think it shall at least -- Is there a Happy Man for whom I am Despised? Lady. I thought 'twas some such ridiculous Question; I Am of the Low-Church, my Lord, consequently hate Confessors; ha, ha, ha. Buckle. And Penance to I dare Swear. [Aside.] Lord. And every thing but Play. Lady. Dare you, the Subject of my Power -- you, that Petition Love, Arraign my Pleasures? Now I Am sixth -- and will never see you more. Buckle. Now would any Body Swear she is in Earnest. Lord. I cannot bear that Curse -- see me at your Feet again, (Kneels) Oh! you have Tortured me enough, take Pity now Dear Tyrant, and let my Suffering end. Lady. I must not be Friends with him, for then I shall have him at my Elbow all Night, and spoil my Luck at the Basset-Table. [Aside.] Either Cringing or Correcting, always in Extremes -- I am weary of this Fatigue. He that