speak but one Word with her. Alp. Impossible. Lord. Pugh, prithee do, let me see her, (entreating Mrs Alpiew.) Buckle. So now, all this mighty rage ends in a begging Submission. Lord. Only tell her I Am here. Alp. Why should you desire me to meet her Anger, my Lord? Lord. Come, you shall oblige me once. (Puts a Ring upon her Finger.) Alp. Oh, dear, my Lord, you have such a command over your Servant, I can refuse nothing. Exit.) Lord. Have you been at the Goldsmiths about the Bills, for I am fixed on Traveling. Buck. Your Lordship's so disturbed, you have forgot you Countermanded me, and send me hither. Lord. True. Enter Mrs. Alpiew. Alp. Just as I told your Lordship, she fell in a most violent Passion, at the bare mention of your Name; tell him, said she, in a heroic Strain, I Will never see him more, and command him to quit that Room, 'cause I Am coming to it. Lord. Tyrant, curse on my Follies, she knows her Power; well, I hope, I may walk in the Gallery; I would speak with her Uncle. Alp. To be sure, my Lord. (Exit. Lord Worthy.) Buck. Learn, Mistress, learn, you may come to make me Mad in time, ha, ha, ha. Alp. Go Fool, follow your Lord. (Exit. Buckle.) Enter Lady Reveller. Lady. Well, I Will swear, Alpiew, you have given me the Vapors for all Day. Alp. Ah! Madam, if you had seen him, you must have had Compassion; I would not have such a Heart of Adamant for the World; poor Lord, sure you have the strangest Power over him. Lady. Silly -- one often Fanices one has Power, when one has none at all; I Will tell the Alpiew, he vexed me strangely before this grand Quarrel; I was at Picquet with my Lady Love-Witt four Nights ago, and bid him read me a new Copy of Verses, because, you know, he never Plays, and I did not well know what to do with him; he had scarce begun, when I being eager at a Pique, he rose up, and said, he believed I loved the Music of my own Voice, crying Nine and Twenty, Threescore, better than the sweetest Poetry in the Universe, and abruptly left us. Alp. A great Crime, indeed, not to read when People are at a Game they are obliged to talk to all the while. Lady. Crime, yes, indeed was it, for my Lady loves Poetry better than Play, and perhaps before the Poem had been done had lost her Money to me. But, I wonder, Alpiew, by what Art it is you engage me in this Discourse, why should I talk of a Man that is utterly my Aversiou -- Have you heard from Mrs. Sago this Morning? Alp. Certainly, Madam, she never sails; she has sent your Ladyship the finest Cargo made up of Chocolate, Tea, Montifiasco Wine, and 50 Rarities beside, with something to