Sir James, Ensign Lovel. Sir James. Ha! was not that Lady Lucy? Ensign. It was -- ah, Sir James, I find your Heart is out of Order about that Lady, and my Lord Worthy languishes for Lady Reveller. Sir James. And thou art sick for Valeria, Sir Richard's Daughter. A poor distresled Company of us. Ensign, It Is true, that little she-Philosopher has made me do Penance more heartily than ever my sins did; I deserve her by mere Dint of Patience. I have stood whole hours to hear her Assert that Fire cannot Burn, nor Water Drown, nor Pain Afflict, and forty ridiculous Systems -- and all her Experiments on Frogs, Fish -- and Flies, ha, ha, ha, without the lcast Contradiction. Ensign. Contradiction, no, no, I allowed all she said with undoubtedly, Madam, -- I am of your mind, Madam, it must be so -- natural Causes, etc. Sir James. Ha, ha, ha, I think it is a supernatural cause which Enables thee to go through this Fatigue, if it were not to raise thy Fortune, I should think thee Mad to pursue her; but go on and prosper, nothing in my Power shall be wanting to assist you -- My Lord Worthy -- your Lordship is as Melancholy as a losing Gamester. Lord. Faith, Gentlemen, I Am out of Humor, but I don't know at what. Sir James. Why then I can tell you, for the very same reason that made your Lordship stay here to be Spectator of the very Diversion you hate -- Gaming -- the same Cause makes you uneasy in all Company, my Lady Reveller. Lord. Thou have hit it, James, I confess I love her Person, but hate her Humors, and her way of Living; I have some reasons to believe I Am not indifferent to her, yet I despair of fixing her, her Vanity has got so much the Mistress of her Resolution; and yet her Passion for Gain furmounts her Pride, and lays her Reputation open to the World. Every Fool that has ready Money, shall dare to boast himself her very humble Servant; 'ds Death, when I could cut the Rascal's Throat. Sir James. your Lordship is even with her one Way, for you are as testy as she is vain, and as fond of an opportunity to Quarrel with her, as she of a Gaming Acquaintance; my Opinion is, my Lord, she will never be won your Way. To gain all Women there is a certain Rule, If Wit should sail to please, then Act the Fool; And where you find simplicity not take, Throw off Disguises -- and Profess the Rake; Observe which Way their chiefest Humors run, They Are by their own loved, cannot the surest Way undone. Lord. You Are of a happy temper, Sir James, I wish I could be so too; but since I cannot add to your Diversion, I Will take my leave, good Morrow, Gentlemen. (Exit.) Sir James. This it is