not the Anthor. In the Writing it is a Poem, you, in the Reading, turn it into a Libel, and you merit the Punishment for the Metamorphosis. An ingennous Confession of the Author, who would be thought to take the Pains of Concealing himself. If neither China, Poland, nor the Inhabitants of the Moon will protect Folks from being Hanged, etc. Your Humble Servant Mr. Daniel Foe! you might as well have given us your Name at Large, for every one knows who wrote the Consolidator; and as to your Meaning, they must be Men of profound Stupidity indeed, that cannot find it out by your Gaping, you are so Intelligible your self, amongst your want of understanding. So that the Scandal will be laid at your Door who made it a Libel, not at your Readers, who finds it as such. Perhaps there is a sort of Affinity among the Vicious part of Mankind in all Countries and Climates; and the Author Doubts not he should have run the same Risque of Misconstruction, had he Wrote this at Paris as at London, that he should have been summoned before the Court of Honor for Libelling the Princes of the Blood, the Sorbonne, or the Counselors of Parliament: it is very hard it should (...) there, and here too. Had such a Piece of Scurrility dared to show its Face at Paris, the Author of it would scarce have had his Heels at (...) during Life, and if some People whom it concerns (...) of this nature, would but perform those Duties (...) to the Well being of the Government, He may chance to meet with none of the Civilest Treatment in London for his Impudence; since no Term can be too opprobri^ (...) thinks no Appellation Bitter enough against (...) Direct^rs of the Publ^k Affairs, who act contrary to the Methods (...) prescribe to them. Since then this is the Fate of Authors, and he must expect it, he Submits, but desires however, that these Unchristian Censurers will take this along with them, and so make a Virtue of their want of Charity. That wherever the Similitude of Character pinches them too close, they would prevent the Severity of the Application, by Reforming the Likeness; the Satyr would then have the desired Effect, viz. By drawing the Imaginary Picture of Outlandish Devels, really Transform our own. The Fate of an Author that casts such a Reproach on the Church and Government Established, ought not to terminate in a Scotch Casement; but He, that has offered up a Hymn to the Pillory, and made it clap its wooden Wings for Joy, at the Reception of its new Tenant, would not be much lamented if the Three Legged Tree, a Mile and a half out of Town, should pay Him the same Compliment: Since it is not his Reader's want of Charity, but his own, that renders him Criminal. Nor do I apprehend the World will be less Solicitous about who