ha, ha. [Aside.] Capt. A prosperous Gale In Faith. Lovely. I don't know, Sir Richard, mehap a Woman may not like me; I am Rough and Storm-like in my Temper, unacquainted with the Effeminacy of Co^rts; I was Born upon the Sea, and since I can remember never Lived Two Months on Shore; if I Marry my Wife must go Abroad, I promise you that. Sir Rich. Abroad Man? Why she shall go to the Indies with the -- Oh! such a Son-in-Law -- how shall I be Blessed in my Posterity? Now do I foresee the Greatness of my Grandchildren; the Sons of this Man shall, in the Age to come, make France a Tributary Nation. Lovely. Once in an Engagement, Sir, as I was giving Orders to my Men, comes a Ball and took off a Fellow's Head, and struck it full in my Teeth; I wipp'd it up, clapped it into a Gun, and shot it at the Enemy again. Sir Rich. Without the least Concern? Lovely. Concern, Sir, -- ha, ha, ha, if it had been my own Head I would have done the like. Sir Richard. Prodigious Effect of Courage! -- Captain I Will fetch my Girl, and be here again in an Instant: -- What an Honor 'twill be to have such a Son! [Exit.] Capt. Ha, ha, ha, ha, you outdo your Master. Sir James. Ha, ha, ha, ha, the Old Knight's Transported. Lovely. I wish 'twas over, I am all in a Sweat; here he comes agrin. Enter Sir Richard and Valeria. Sir Rich. I Will hear none of your Excuses, -- Captain your Hand, -- there take her, -- and these Gentlemen shall be Witnesses, if they please, to this Paper, wherein I give her my whole Estate when I die, and Twenty Thousand Pounds down upon the Nail; I care not whether my Boy be worth a Groat, -- get me but Grandsons and I Am Rich enough. Capt. Generously said In Faith -- much Good may do him with her. Lovely. I Will do my Eedeavour, Father, I promise you. Sir James. I wish you Joy, Captain, and you, Madam. Val. That Is Impossible; -- can I have Joy in a Species so very different from miy own? Oh my Dear Lovely! -- We were only formed one for another; -- thy Dear Enquiring Soul is more to me -- than all these useless Lumps of Animated Clay: Duty compels my Hand, -- but my Heart is subject only to my Mind, -- the Strength of that they cannot Conquer; -- no, with the Resolution of the Great Unparalleled Epictetus, -- I here protest my Will shall never assent to any but my Lovely. Sir Richard. Ay, you and your Will may Philosophize as long as you please, -- Mistress, -- but your Body shall be taught another Doctrine, -- it shall so, -- Your Mind, -- and your Soul, quotha! Why, what a Pox has my Estate to