weep.] Sir James. Leave Crying, and wheedle him, Madam, wheedle him. Mrs. Sago. I do confess it, and cannot you forgive your Keckey then that you have been so Tender of, that you so often confessed your Heart has jumped up to your Motuh when you have heard my Beauty praised. Mr. Sago. So it has I profess, Sir James, -- I begin to melt, -- I do; I am a good-natured Fool, that is the Truth on it: But if I should sorgive you, what would you do to make me Amends? For that Fair Face, if I turn you out of Doors, will quickly be a cheaper Drug than any in my Shop. Sir James. And not maintain her half so well; -- promise largely, Madam. [To Mrs. Sago.] Mrs. Sago. I Will Love you for ever, Deary. Mr. Sago. But you will Jigg to Covent Garden again. Mrs. Sago. No, indeed I will not come within the Air on it, but take up with City Acquaintance, rail at the Court, and go Twice a Week with Mrs. Outside to Pin-makers-hall. Mr. Sago. That would rejoice my Heart. [Ready to weep] Sir James. See, if the good Man is not ready to weep; your last Promise has conquered. -- Come, come, Buss and be Friends, and end the Matter. -- I Am glad the Quarrel is made up, or I had had her upon my Hands. (Aside.) Mrs. Sago. Pudd, don't you hear Sir James, Pudd? Mr. Sago. I can hold no longer, -- yes, I do hear him, -- come then to the Arms of thy n'own Pudd. (Runs into one another's Arms.) Sir Jam. Now all is well; and for your Comfort Lady Reveller is by this Time married to my Lord Worthy, and there will be no more Gaming I assure you in that House. Mr. Sago. Joys upon Joys. Now if these Debts were but Accommodated, I should be happier than ever; I should indeed Kickky. Sir Jam. Leave that to me, Mr. Sago, I have won Part of your Wife's Money, and will that Way restore it you. Mr. Sago. I thank you, good Sir James, I believe you are the First Gamester that ever Refunded. Mrs. Sago. Generously done, -- Fortune has brought me. off this Time, and I Will never trust her more. Sir James. But see the Bride and Bridegroom. Enter Lord Worthy and Lady Reveller, Lady Lucy, Buckle, Alpiew. Lady Lucy. This Match which I have now been Witness to, is what I long have wished, your Course of Life must of Necessity be changed. Lady Revel. Ha, Sir James here! -- Oh if you love me, my Lord let us avoid that Brute, you must not meet him. Sir James. Oh, there is no Danger, Madam. -- My Lord, I wish you Joy with all my Heart; we only quarreled to make you Friends, Madam, ha, ha, ha. Lady Revel. What, am I tricked into a Marriage then?