Mrs. Bridge. Ay, this is lucky; there is an end of her: this makes it her own act and deed; give me the letter, go, you need not wait. (to the servant.) Serve. Madam! Luc. Don't you hear? leave the room. Serve. Pray don't be angry; I beg to speak a word to you. Luc. Go, go, another time; I Am busy. Serve. I Have done a wicked thing, and if I don't discharge my heart, 'twill break, it is so full. Mrs. Bridge. What have you done? speak out. Serve. Why I have been the means of ruining an innocent person, for such Miss Aubrey is. Bridge. How so? go on. Serve. 'Twas I that brought Lord Abberville last night into her chamber, unknown to her; I thought it was a little frolic to surprise her; but when I heard her scream, I was alarmed and ran and listened at the door. Luc. Well, and what then? Serve. Why then I heard her chide him, and desire him to be gone; yes, and but just before you came up stairs, I heard the poor young Lady reproach him bitterly for his baseness in making love to her, when he was engaged to you, Madam: indeed, she is as innocent as the babe unborn. Luc. Go your way for a simpleton, and say no more about the matter. Serve. To be sure I was a simpleton to do as I did; but I should never survive it, if any mischief was to follow. [Ex. Bridge. What Is to be done now? Mrs. Bridge. What Is to be done? why let her take her course; guilty or not, what matters it, if every man who offers for your daughter, is to turn aside and follow after her? Luc. True, where is the woman who can pardon that? indeed, had she been really criminal, I could have endured her better, for then I had had one qualification, which she had wanted; now she piques me every way. A SERVANT enters and speaks. Lord Abberville, Madam, desires to be admitted to say a word to you. Luc. Who? Lord Abberville? Mrs. Bridge. Oh, by all means admit him; now, Lucy, show yourself a woman of spirit; receive him, meet his insulting visit with becoming contempt: Come, Mr. Bridgemore, let us leave them to themselves. [Exeunt Mr. and Mrs. BRIDGEMORE. Luc. Ahem, now, pride, support me! LORD ABBERVILLE enters to her. L. Abb. Miss Bridgemore, your most obedient; I come, Madam, on a penitential errand, to apologize to you and Miss Aubrey for the ridiculous situtation in which I was surprised last night. Luc. Cool, easy villain! (aside) L. Abb. I dare say you laughed most heartily after I was gone. Luc. Most incontinently-incomparable assurance! (aside. L. Abb. Well, I forgive you; 'twas ridiculous enough; a foolish frolic, but absolutely harmless be assured: I Am glad to find you no longer serious about it -- But where is Miss Aubrey, pray? Luc. You Will