for their Heads, and desires them to step thither again to Reform their Memories. Poland may have Places put to the same uses as Smithfield and Cheapside, and Fairs and Bear-gardens may be in Request there; but it is none of his business, to bring English Transactions upon the Polish Theater. And any Man of Compassion has very great Reason to be sorry for his Head, who thinks to conceal what was Printed near Bartholomew-Close, under the sorry Artifice of an Impression from Dantzick. But suppose there are not places called directly by those Names, if there are places applied to the same Uses, what has any Body to question the Allegories? A poor Author must never Write at all, if he is not at Liberty to chose His Metaphors, and all the rest of the necessary Figures of Speech to help out his Expression. He has forgot his Trial at the Old Bailey for writing The Shortest Way with the Dissenters, or He would never insist upon an Author's Liberty to choose what Metaphors He thinks fit; for, though He did not pay so dearly for his Beloved Ironies as he deserved, yet the Sentence then passed on Him by the Bench might have had such an Effect upon his Temper, as not to make him uneasy, but when he was breaking through the Bonds, he was engaged in to the Government, in being tied up to his Good Behavior. If it is alleged that there is too great an Affinity in the Story. -- He Answers, If that be True, he is sorry for it; but at the same time he Hopes not, and the matter of Fact ought to be proved, before he stands Censured for Calumny. Though the Character of the Persons his Satyr points at are False and Malicious, yet they bear so near a Resemblance to what is said of them by their Enemies of the Dissenting Party, that the Scandal is fixed beyond an Excuse, and ought to be Ammadverted upon with the utmost severity, unless the Gentlemen in Power close with the Libeller, and fling off all Deference and Respect for the Memories of their Predecessors. It Is very hard that a Man cannot Write of the Follies of other Nations, but People will be always comparing them with their own. One would have Thought the Author had Traveled far enough to find out Histories and odd Passages to divert us; but if neither China, Poland, nor the Inhabitants of the Moon will protect Folks from being Hanged, as the Frenchmen said, for Tinking, go on, Gentlemen, and if the Cap fits any Body let 'em wear it. You are Welcome to say these Polish Grandees represent Englishmen, but look to it, ye Sons of Censure, that can Swear to a Man's Meaning, and know his Inside without the help of his Outside: For if the People your Profoundity pretends to describe, are Affronted, the Action of Slander lies against You, and