the best Way is to Secure the Ground, and then you may Manure and Cultivate it as you please. Lady Lucy. That Is a certain Trouble and uncertain Profit. and in this Affair; I prefer the Theory before the Practick But I detain you from the Table, Sir James -- you are wanted to Tally -- your Servant -- [Exit.] Sir James. Nay, if you leave me, Madam, the Devil will Tempt me -- she is gone, and now cannot I shake off the Thought of Seven Wins, Eight Loses -- for the Blood of me -- and all this Grave Advice of hers is lost, Faith -- though I do Love her above the rest of her Sex -- she is an exact Model of what all Women ought to be, -- and yet your Merry little Coquetish Tits are very Diverting -- well, now for Basset; let me see what Money have I about -- me. Humph! about a Hundred Gnineas -- half of which will set the Ladies to Cheating -- false Parolies in Abundance. Each Trifling Toy would Tempt in Times of Old, Now nothing Melts a Woman's Heart like Gold. Some Bargains Drive, other's more Nice then they, Who'd have you think they Scorn to Kiss for Pay; To Purchase them you must Lose Deep at Play. With several Women, several Ways Prevail; But Gold's a certain Way that cannot Fail. [Exit.] The Scence Draws, and Discovers Lady Reveller, Mrs. Sago, and several Gentlemen and Ladies round a Table at Basset. Enter Sir James. Lady Revel. Oh! Sir James, are you come? We want you to Tally for us. Sir James. What Luck, Ladies? Lady Revel. I have only won a Sept and Leva. Mrs. Sago. And I have lost a Trante and Leva -- my Ill Fortune has not forsook me yet I see. Sir James. I go a Guinea upon that Card. Lady Revel. You lose that Card. Mrs. Sago. I Mace Sir James's Card Double. Banker. Seven wins, and Five loses; you have lost it, Madam. Mrs. Sago. Again? -- sure never was Woman so Unlucky -- Banker. Knave wins, and Ten loses; you have Won, Sir James. Lady Revel. Clean Cards here. Mrs. Sago. Burn this Book, 'thas an unluckly Air. (Tears them.) Bring some more Books. Enter Captain. Lady Revel. Oh! Captain -- here set a Chair, come, Captain you, shall sit by me -- now if we can but Strip this Tarr. [Aside.] Capt. Withal my Heart, Madam -- come, what do you Play Gold? -- that is something High though -- well a Guinea upon this Honest Knave of Clubs. Lady Revel. You lose it for a Guinea more. Capt. Done, Madam. Banker. The Five Wins, and the Knave loses. Lady. Revel. You have lost it, Captain. Sir James. The Knave wins, for Two Guineas more, Madam. Lady Revel. Done Sir James. Banker. Six Wins -- Knave Loses. Sir James. Oh! the Devil, I Am Faced, I had