till I knew how your Ladyship did after your Fright. Lady Revel. Really, Sir James, the Fellow has put me into the Spleen by his ill Manners. Oh my Stars! That there should be such an unpolished Piece of Humane Race, to be in that Disorder for losing his Money to us Women. -- I was apprehensiev he would have beat me, ha, ha. Sir James. Ha, ha, your Ladyship must impute his ill Breeding to the Want of Conversation with your Sex; but he is a Man of Honor with his own, I assure you. Lady Revel. I hate out of fashioned Honor. -- Bu^ where is the Company, Sir James? Shall Not we play again? Sir James. All disperss'd, Madam. Lady Revel. Come, you and I Will go to Picquet then. Sir James. Oh I Am tired with Cards, Madam, cannot you think of some other Diversion to pass a cheerful Hour? -- I could tell you One if you would give me leave. Lady Revel. Of your own Invention? Then it must be a pleasant One. Sir James. Oh the pleasantest one in the World. Lady Revel. What is it I pray? Sir James. Love, Love, my Dear Charmer. [Approaches her.] Lady Revel. Oh Cupid! How came that in your Head? Sir James. Nay, it is in my Heart, and except you pity me the Wound is Mortal. Lady Revel. Ha, ha, ha, is Sir James got into my Lord Worthy's Class? -- You that could tell me I should not have so large a Theme for my Diversion, were you in his Place, ha, ha, ha; what, and is the Gay, the Airy, the Witty, Inconstant, Sir James overtaken? Ha, ha. Sir James. Very true, Madam, -- you see there is no jesting with Fire. -- Will you be kind? [Gets between her and the Door.] Lady Revel. Kind? What a dismal Sound was there? -- I Am afraid your Feaver's high, Sir James, ha, ha. Sir James. If you think so, Madam, it is time to apply cooling Medicines. [Locks the Door.] Lady Revel. Ha, what Insolence is this? The Door locked! What do you mean Sir James? Sir James. Oh it is something indecent to Name it, Madam, but I intend to show you. [Lays hold on her.] Lady Revel. Unhand me, Villain, or I Will cry out. -- Sir James. Do, and make your self the Jest of Servants, expose your Reputation to their vile Tongues, -- which if you please shall remain safe within my Breast; but if with your own Noise you Blast it, here I bid Defiance to all Honor and Secrecy, -- and the First Man that enters dies. [Struggles with her.] Lady Revel. What shall I do? Instruct me Heaven -- Monster, is this your Friendship to my Lord? And can you wrong the Woman he Adores. Sir James. Ay, but the Woman does not care a Souse for him; and therefore he has no Right above me;