else could make it difficult, and what but difficulty, could make me pursue it? They prudently enough would have concealed her from me, for who can think of any other, when Miss Aubrey is in sight? -- But hark! they are come; I must escape -- Now, love and fortune, stand my friends! [Exit. Dr. Druid. Pless us, what hastes and hurries he is in, and all for some young hussy -- Ah! he will never have a proper relish for the venerable antique: I never shall bring down his mercury, to touch the proper freezing point, which that of a true virtuoso ought to stand at: sometimes indeed he will contemplate a beautiful statue, as if it was a ooman; I never could persuade him to look upon a beautiful ooman, as if she was a statue. BRIDGEMORE, Mrs. BRIDGEMORE, and LUCINDA. Bridge. Doctor, I kiss your hands; I kiss your hands, good Doctor. -- How these nobles live! Zooks, what a swinging chamber! Mrs. Bridge. Why, Mr. Bridgemore, sure you think yourself in Leatherseller's hall. Luc. Pray recollect yourself, Pappa; indeed this is not Fish street Hill. Bridge. I wish it was: I Would soon unhouse this trumpery: I Would soon furnish it with better goods: why this profusion, child, will turn your brain. Mrs. Bridge. Law, how you stand and stare at things; stopping in the hall to count the servants, gaping at the luster there, as if you would swallow it. -- I suppose our daughter, when she is a woman of quality, will behave as other women of quality do. -- Lucinda, this is Doctor Druid, Lord Abberville's traveling tutor, a gentleman of a very ancient family in North Wales. Luc. So it should seem, if he is the representative of it. Dr. Druid. Without flattery, Mrs. Bridgemore, Miss has very much the behaviors of an ooman of quality already. Mrs. Bridge. Come Sir, we'll join the company, Lord Abberville will think us late. Dr. Druid Yes truly, he is impatient for your coming, but you shall find him not at home. Mrs. Bridge. How; not at home? Luc. A mighty proof of his impatience, truly. Dr. Druid. Why, 'twas some plaguey business took him out, but we'll dispatch it out of hand, and wait upon you quickly. Bridge. Well, business, business must be done. Mrs. Bridge. I thought my Lord had been a man of fashion, not of business. Luc. And so he is; a man of the first fashion; you cannot have a fresher sample: the worst gallant in nature is your maccaroni; with the airs of a coquette you meet the manners of a clown: fear keeps him in some awe before the men, but not one spark of passion has he at heart, to remind him of the ladies. Mrs. Bridge. Well, we must make our curtsies above stairs -- our card was from Lady Caroline; I suppose she is not from home, as well as her brother. Dr. Druid, Who