was before hand with the Queen and resigned the Seals before they were taken from him. Very well but how came Mr. Foe to know the Queen's Mind, for I never heard he belonged to the Cabinet before. But Railery apart, hear what the Devil himself says likewise of this Noble Peer in the asoresaid Moderation displayed. Villiaski followed, Conscious of his Crimes, Loath to account for Sohieski's Times; Augustus Sobieski's rule pursues. This Cannot Employ the Wretch could that abuse; Equal their Right, He that could that betray, It cannot be fairly thought, should this obey. What the E -- of I -- sy did in Relation to K -- W -- after his Death, was Honorable and the Duty of his Post, and he was so very far from abusing or betraying his Master, that he had been false to his Mistress had he not secured that Prince's Closet. Take his Character likewise from the same Valuable Poem. Then from this near attendance be Removed (...) though by all admired, and L^v'd, Though his Sweet Temper and obliging Port, Become his Office, and adorn the Court. He seems by Nature (...) Mankind (...) please, So free, so unconstrained is his Address Improved by every Virtue, every Grace. Celsus disgraced Hortensio next appears, Whose Vigilance still baffles all my Cares, To whom by Right of Ancestry belong A Loyal Heart and a Persuasive Tongue Now Plots are formed and public Tempests roll, He boast's a strange unshaken Strength of Soul: Fearless against Her Foes the Church sustains Alike their Friendship and their Hate disdains, Disdains their Clamor and Seditious Noise, Secure in the Applanding Senates Voice. Of Noble Stem, in whose Collat'ral Lines Virtue withequal Force and Luster Shines. Too happy Poland, if thy Sons but knew, How their own just Deliverance to pursue. Let the Degenerate Palatines Combine, Their Prince and Liberties to Undermine, Call in the Swedes, Consult, Confederate, With the Infatiate Enemies of the State: It Is all in vain, Heaven points the Sacred Way, To them that dare Augustus still obey. Let them but in his juster Cause Unite, It Is Justice and the Law make Cowards fight. They that Advance to Liberty's Defense, Find double Vigor in their Innocence. Invading Swedes will never once prevail, Till Poland's Peace at home begins to fail. The way to make Poland unhappy, is to follow the Poets prescriptions, and persuade all Men to be in Love with his Sham-Moderations; and to advance to Liberty's Defense in his Scheme of Politics, is for us to turn Levellers, and bring the Established Constitution to such a Pass that we may all equal in Power, and share the Direction of Affairs alike, without any thing like a Kingly Government, which this pretended Peace at Home may bring us to at last, without the Interposition of such Patriots whom he calls Degenerate Palatines. Long may Augustus wear the Polish Crown, And Poland his Triumphant Glories own: His Council steady, and his