in his Distress, Dejected to a despicable, vile Excess. So Bullies are but Cowards in disguise, Whom few Men Value, all Men should Despise. If he was not raised by Fate above his Sense, in being Speaker of the House of Commons, Treasurer of the Navy, etc. Places of greater Importance by far, than the Comp^'s of the Household 'twas a little out of the way to make him lose it for what, was little Better than a Feather, to a Gentleman of his Years and frequent Indispositions. And to make Nature do it in her own defense, requires such Explanatory Notes from him, as he is not at leisure to give us, being so taken up in Reading Horace, cum Notis Variorum. Rokosky next fills up the spacious Rolls, The mighty Captain Bassa of the Poles; In foreign Expeditions he is employed, And many Polish Millions has destroyed; Abortive Projects flow in his loose Brain, He loves to make a tedious Voyage in vain. He will make the Polanders Infidels do what we can, notwithstanding he has been told over and over, that Poland is a Christian Country. But its Sir George R -- k whom he fallen's his Talons on now, and he that has done more Good than all our Admirals at Sea for more than Twenty Years last past, must be a Captain Bassa, and Marked out under an Odious Distinction. Abandoned Poland, how art thou Betrayed! Sold for that very Money thou have paid! The greedy Monsters that receive thy Pay, Trifle thy Blood, and Time, and Strengh away. Rokosky Covetous, and Insolent, On Poland's weightiest Errands has been sent; Small Prophecy might those Events foretell, Where he Commanded, that could Fight so well. Was the Destroying the Ships at La Hogue, the Breaking the Boom at Londonderry, the Deliverance of Two Hundred Ships Trading to Turkey, the Levant, etc. the Glorious Succels at Vigo, the Taking of Gibraltar, which the Spaniards have Spent so much Blood and Treasure about, in Endeavoring to regain it, the Naval Victory over the whole Power of France and Spain, of so little Force as to render him liable with being Taxed with Trifling our Blood Time and Strength away? If so, what Apellation will our Future Miscarriages fall under, when it shall be Visible how we suffer for wantof his Conduct, in the Marine Affairs? His Voyages never have been made in vain, He took such care of coming Home again: No Man could ever give him a Defeat, And none can match him at a safe Retreat. The carefull'st Officer the Poles could choose, For when they bid him fly, he will never refuse: A Neg'tive Soldier, always in the Right, Was never Beaten, and would seldom Fight: Poland will never her ancient Glory show While Knaves and Cowards fight her Battles so. To preserve a Fleet, sometimes is equal to a Victory, and Prince (...) got more Honor in the last War, by making a Gloriou^