before they pulled it down. Montrevil's fortified, but is not strong; Paris lies round, and yet is two Miles long; And of the Buildings, this wise Truth he tells, They Are gen'rally of Stone, OR SOMETHING ELSE. Some Lands lie high, some lower still, and lower, And where the People are not Rich, THEY ARE POOR. The Learned Author then proceeds to tell How near the Alps he clamber'd up a Hill With many a weary Step, and many a Stride, And so came down again, on the other side. Tells us at Rome he saw a swinging Church, And reads a Learned Lecture on the Porch: Informed the World in Print where he had been, But bought the Books himself, for fear they should be seen. His traducing Mr. Br -- ly for his Book, is no Argument of the Goodness of his own; besides, his contemptible Treatment of it will render that Gentleman more valuable, because his Enemy is so illiterate, as not to be able to distinguish between what is a Learned Lecture, or not: And it is enough for him not to have blackened him as to other Concerns; for had he been guilty of any thing like a Crime, he would have been sure of being told of it. This worthy Author, warm with Polish Zeal, Strives all the Cossacks Freedom to repeal; Corrects the Bill, and to remove our Doubt, The Persecution Preamble left out; A Mark of Honesty, to let us know, They scorned to hide what they resolved to do: Sure of the Game, the Mark was so laid by, And blinder Cossacks saw their Destiny. The Preamble was not left out, because it favored of Persecution, but because the Dissenters, and their Friends in Parliament, exclaimed against it as such. Thus fired with Party Zeal, he read the Bill, And asked the Diet how they liked his Style: With many a Learned Speech, and formal Face, For Italy had taught him the Grimace, The exasperated Fop his Plot declares, And to the Diet makes revengeful Prayers: At Cossacks Ruin, makes the Grand Essay, And tacks the Church's Fall the Shortest Way. Formality of Face, is all the Sobriety the Generality of the adverse Party are famous for; and if the Person that calumniates him had but any thing like his Learning and Breeding, he would have made it his Choice to have paid him his Acknowledgments for his Services to his Country, not a Return of base Ingratitude forsuch inestimable Goodness. Meerski, an ancient Mercenary Pole, With vicious Body, and a hardened Soul, Grown Old in Crimes, as he was Lame in Sense, But not at all decayed in Impudence; His long since baffled Conscience told his Fate, He owns he is Damned, and there is an end of that: But for the Cossacks Bill he raved so loud, And so inflamed his old fermented Blood, That some advised him to go home to Bed, Open a Vein or two, and