insolent, or grossly ignorant, to think I would betray a trust, a sacred trust: she is a ward of virtue; it is from want, it is from oppression I protect Miss Aubrey -- who are you, that think to make a traitor of me? Aub. Your zeal does honor to you; yet if you persist in it, and spite of my protest hold out, your constancy will be no virtue; it must take another name. Mort. What other name, and why? Throw off your mystery, and tell me why. Aub. Because -- Mort. Ay, let us hear your cause. Aub. Because I am her father. Mort. Do I live? Aub. Yes, in my heart, while I have life or memory; that dear injured girl, whom you so honorably protect, is my daughter. The overflowings of a father's heart bless and reward you! You whom I know not, and that poor Highlander, out of his small pittance, have under Providence prerserv'd my child; whilst Bridgemore, whom I raised from penury, and trusted with the earnings of my travel, has abandoned and defrauded her. Mort. O mother Nature, thou wilt compel me to forswear thee. Aub. Ah, Sir, you feel the villainy of man in every vein; I am more practiced, and behold it only with a sigh: Colin and I have laid a little plot to draw this Bridgemore hither; he believes me dead, and thinks he is to meet a person at your house, who can relate particulars of my death, in which case it is clear he means to sink a capital consignment I sent him about three years since, and turn my daughter on the world. Mort. Well, let him come; next to the satisfaction I receive in the prosperity of an honest man, I am best pleased with the confusion of a rascal. TYRREL enters hastily. Tyr. Dear uncle, on my knees -- what am I doing? Mort. You thought I was alone. Tyr. I did. Mort. And what had you to tell me in such haste? Tyr. I had a petition to prefer, on which my happiness in life depends. Aub. I beg I may retire: I interrupt you. Mort. By no means: I desire you will not stir; let him make his request; if it is not fit for you to hear, it is not fit for me to grant. Speak out: nay, never hesitate. Tyr. What can I ask of you but to confirm my hopes, and make Miss Aubrey mine? Mort. Was ever the like heard? Pray whence do you derive pretensions to Miss Aubrey? Tell me in presence of this Gentleman. Tyr. Not from my own deservings I confess; yet if an ardent, firm, disinterested passion, sanctified withal by her consent, can recommend me, I am not without some title. Mort. Look you there now: this fellow you shall know, Sir, is my nephew; my sister's son; a child of fortune. -- Hark'e, with what face do you talk of love, who