loose to Laws, and Polish Whores; Though 'twas Confessed, the bribe was not the Crime, But 'twas the R -- e that Told on it ruined him. This Gent. is the better to be spoken of, because set down for a Madman in his ridiculous Meter; and if he is below Lampoon, why does the Poet take such pains to expose Him? But perhaps Mr. Author does not think himself below Lampoon, and therefore does it on purpose to Lampoon himself. Cookski, A City Knight, got out of Jayl, Stock-jobb'd the State, to make the Bill prevail: The Dantzick Merchant's Mercenary Tool, A Knave in Trade, and in the State a F -- l, Once he to Warsaw's Castle did withdraw, Secured against his Creditors by Law. The Diet did his Crimes indeed pursue, But fate Concurred the Jayl, that was his due, Was Punishment, and was Protection too: Vilely he Spent, what basely he had Won, By Bribes Enricht, and by that Wealth Undone As for Sir Thomas C -- k, every one knows what he was sent to the Tower for; and the Character of Mercenary, so very ill becomes him, that no one has been more famed for Generosity; witness his Sheriffalty, which fell very little short of Sir ^^arles Duncomb's. How the Tower could be his Punishment ^d Protection at the same time, is very difficult to be explain^; though had he censured Sir Thomas, for being so mean spi^d as to refuse the Mayoralty of London, because Sir John ^rsons had lop'd off the most considerable Branches of its Re^ue, I would have agreed; for he is so far from being un^e, as the Verse-insinuates, that he is very wealthy, and by at means the more inexcusable. These are the Men, that Govern Poland's Fate, ^^d pull her down, to make her very great; ^ith a vast Crou'd that serve their Prince in Vain ^ith buisy Heads, but very Empty Brain, ^ith hasty Vote promote the Cosacks Fate and to preserve the Church, undo the State, ^onsolidating Hero's who supply Their want of Sense, with want of Honesty; To pull a House down to rebuild it Nobler, is common ^ough in Architecture; but that they endeavored to destroy ^e Government Established, to make it Great and Flourish^g, is a Falsehood a Man of any Sincerity would not be in ^e least guilty of. For what was done by the Church-Party ^as in pursuance of former Acts of Parliament, in particular, ^at of Uniformity, to strengthen what had been passed by ^ing, Lords and Commons; and render Her present Majesty's ^eign as Glorious, for the Preservation of the Church from ^er secret and declared Enemies, as She has been for that of ^urope. But still Augustus in the Center stands, and Guides the dangerous Reins with steady Hands. ^upported by his People's Cheerful aid, No more at false Livonians he is Dismayed, Or of the feirce Invading Swedes afraid: The Diet Rises, and the King intends,