has brought upon his Knees for Breach of Privilege. For he that Writes R -- upon a Wiseman's Forehead, ought to have Fool Written on his own, besides the rest of the Catalogue of Hard Names which are usually affixed to Pillories. And now the conscious Criminal appears, Affects to Cant of Poland's suffering Years, Reproaches little Villains with their Crimes, And rakes among the Evils of the Times. Where Mismanagements are, there they should be taken notice of: for little Evils as well as Great, though he is of too Intrepid a Temper to spare them, ought to be animadverted upon. That he should Poland's Liberties maintain, Who can the wondrous Riddle now explain? Or, who Believe the Fact, that Knows the Man? Some think, indeed, it should be understood A Penitence for Violence and Blood, To Expiate his Share in former Reigns, The S^^^k if not the Guilt of which remains. If that be True, that he should make pretense, To Censure others for a past Offense, Savours of most prodigious Impudence; While he that ought to Blush at former Times, Boldly Condemns contemporary Crimes. A General Charge without mentioning Particulars, can never Affect any Gentleman's Reputation, especially one of his Figure and Family, and h s hints of expiating for Violence and Blood, will never make any Impression upon any one that has had the least Notice of what public Service he had done, and continues to do, for the good of his Native Country, which he may be Styled the Ornament as well as Defense of. Immortal Brass sits on his testy Brows, Hardened with Bribes, with Frauds, and broken Vows; Infernal Feuds flame in his guilty Eyes; He starts at Peace with Anger and Surprise: Weakn'd in Wickedness; in Wishes strong, A bribe-receiving Hand, and clamouring Tongue; False to Himself, his Monarch, and his Friends, But to the lowest Step of Pride descends; Abject, and Mean, when Fortune's Storms appear, Proud and Intolerable when it is Fair; Noisy in Speech, in Manner Insolent, And awkwardly submits to Government, If Immortal Brass fits on his Brows, how comes he to be Abject and mean when Storms appear? When a Man turns Abject, his Impudence commonly leaves him and dies with his being dispirited or I am wrong informed from Experience in the like Cases. Often the Polish Monarchs have essayed, So much they of his Mischiefs were afraid, To win the Bully off with gentle Words, And place him in the Class of Polish Lords; But he that loved the Villainies of Life, And chewed the Air he breathed to Sounds of Strife, That lived upon those Particles of Fire Which nourish Feud, and prompt the vile Desire, Chose all the glittering Offers to despise, Too vain to be made Great, too proud to Rise. If Vanity consists in a Foolish Persuit after Titles and Applause, how can any one be too vain to be made Great? And if Pride is the effect of an Ambitious