Nor Children Curse my Posterity, for their Parents knowing my House. Lady. No more threatening, good Uncle, act as you please, but don't scold, or I shall be obliged to call Alpiew again. Sir Rich. Very well, very well, see what will come on it; the World will censure those that Game, and, in my Conscience, I believe not without Cause. For she whose Shame, no good Advice can wake, When Money's wanting, will her Virtue Stake. (Exit.) Lady. Advice! Ha, ha, ridiculous Advice. (Enter Lady Lucy) No sooner rid of one mischief, but another follows -- I foresee this is to be a day of Mortification, Alpiew. Enter Alpiew. Alp. Madam. Lady. My Uncle's gone, you may come in, ha, ha, ha. L. Lucy. Fie, Cousin, does it become you to Laugh at those that give you Council for your good? Lady. For my good! Oh, mon cour? Now cannot I Divine what it is, that I do more than the rest of the World, to deserve this blame. Alp. Nor I, for the Soul of me. L. Lucy. Should all the rest of the World follow your Ladyship's Example, the order of Nature would be inverted, and every good, designed by Heaven, become a Curse, Health and Plenty no longer would be known among us. -- You cross the purpose of the Day and Night, you Wake when you should Sleep, and make all who have any dependence on you, Wake while you Repose. Lady. Bless me, may not any Person Sleep when they please? L. Lucy. No, there are certain Hours, that good Man^^^^ Modesty and Health require your Care; for Exam^^^ disorderly Hours are neither Healthful nor Modest -- (...) not Civil to make Company wait Dinner for your (...). Lady. Why, does any body Dine before four a Clock in London? For my part I think it an Ill-bred Custom, to make my Appetite Pendulum to the Twelfth hour. Alp. Besides, it is out of Fashion to Dine by Day light, and so I told Sir Richard yesterday, Madam. L. Lucy. No doubt, but you did, Mrs. Alpiew; and then you entertain such a Train of People, Cousin, that my Lady Reveller is as noted as a public Ordinary, where every Fool with Money finds a Welcome. Lady. Would you have me shut my doors against my Friends -- Now she is jealous of Sir James Courtly. (aside.) Besides, is it possible to pass the Evenings without Diversions. Alp. No certainly -- L. Lucy. I think the Playhouse, the much more innocent and commendable Diversion. Lady. To be seen there every Night, in my Opinion, is more destructive to the Reputation. L. Lucy. Well, I had rather be noted every Night in the front Box, then, by my absence, once be suspected of Gaming; one ruins my Estate and Character, the other diverts my Temper, and improves my Mind. Then you have such a number of Lovers. Lady. Oh Cupid, is it a Crime to