and tisputations with him, do you see. L. Abb. Hang him, tedious rogue, let him go. Dr. Druid. Tedious! ay, in coot truth is he, as tedious as a Lapland winter, and as melancholy too; his crochets, and his humors damp all mirth and merriment, as a wet blanket does a fire: he is the very nightmare of society. L. Abb. Nay, he talks well sometimes. D. Druid. Ay, it is pig sound, and little wit; like a loud pell, to a pad dinner. L. Abb. Patience, good Doctor, patience! another time you shall have your revenge, at present you must lay down your wrath, and take up your attention. Dr. Druid. Iv'e done, my Lord, Iv'e done: laugh at my putterflies indeed! if he was as pig and as pold as King Gryffyn, Doctor Druid would make free to whisper an oord or two in his ear. L. Abb. Peace, choleric King of the mountains, peace. Dr. Druid. Iv'e done, my Lord, I say Iv'e done. L. Abb. If you have done, let me begin. You must know then, I expect my city madam from Fish-street Hill. Dr. Druid. Ay, ay, the rich pig-pellied fellow's daughter, young Madam Pridgemore, my Lady Apperville, that is to be, pless her, and save her, and make her a coot wife, say I. L. Abb. Pr'ythee, good Doctor, don't put a man in mind of his misfortunes: I tell you, she is coming here by appointment, with old Bridgemore and her mother; it is an execrable groupe, and as I mean to make all things as easy to me as I can, I Am going out to avoid being troubled with their impertinence. Dr. Druid. Going out, my Lord, with your house full of company? L. Abb. Oh! that is no objection, none in the least, fashion reconciles all those scruples: to consult your own ease in all things is the very first article in the recipe for good breeding; when every man looks after himself, no one can complain of neglect; but as these maxims may not be orthodox on the eastern side of Temple Bar, you must stand Gentleman Usher in this spot; put your best face upon the matter, and marshal my citizens into the assembly room, with as much ceremony, as if they came up with an address from the whole company of Cordwainers. Dr. Druid. Out on it, youv'e some tevilish oomans in the wind, for when the tice are rattling above, there is nothing but teath, or the tevil, could keep you below. L. Abb. Youv'e guest it; such a divine, delicious little devil, lurks in my heart; Glendower himself could not exorcise her: I am possessed, and from the hour I saw her by surprise, I have been plotting methods how to meet her; a lucky opening offers, the mine is laid, and Bridgemore's visit is the signal for springing it. Dr. Druid. Pridgemore's! how so? L. Abb. Why, it is with him she lives; what