indisputable one, Miss Aubrey herself. Miss AUBREY enters. Aug. Oh, Mr. Tyrrel, this is generous indeed! Lord Abberville here too; -- it is what I dreaded. You have mischief in your minds; but, I beseech you, leave me to my misfortunes, nor cast away one thought upon a wretch like me. Tyr. Give me your answer first to these demands. Have you been wronged? Have you an accusation to prefer against this Lord, or do you acquit him, and submit with patience to your situation? Aug. I accuse no one; I submit with patience; I am content to be the only sufferer in this business, and earnestly entreat you to desist from any altercation with Lord Abberville on my account. Tyr. I Am satisfied; and shall religiously obey you: Lord Abberville, I ask your pardon for this interruption; I never shall repeat it more. Aug. But are you going? Tyr. For ever. Dangerous to behold you are; therefore, before my fond my foolish heart relapses into love, I Will seize the resolution of the moment, and bid farewell to you for ever. [Exit. Aug. Astonishing! L. Abb. There, Madam, you perceive the love, the honor of that Gentleman. Aug. Could I have thought this of him? Now I Am truly wretched. L. Abb. No, Madam, if my purse, my person, my assiduous ardent love can fill the vacancy his falsehood makes, you have had no loss: dry up your tears, you have yet a friend; smile only on my wishes. Aug. No, my Lord, no; you have made me wretched, guilty you shall never make me. L. Abb. Inexorable girl, will nothing move? Then I Have no longer any terms to keep: call to mind where you are; in a house where I am master; surrounded by creatures whom I command; your champion gives you up; resistance is in vain; if you refuse my favors, Madam, you shall feel my force. (Attempts her.) Aug. What is it you mean, my Lord? -- Stand off! MORTIMER enters. Mort. Ay, what is it you mean, my Lord? L. Abb. Mortimer! 'sdeath, what evil genius conducted you hither? Mort. (goes to the door.) Nay, my good friend, come in. (COLIN enters.) This honest man was my conductor: while you, Lord Abberville, in a distinguished rank are openly assaulting innocence, he, in his humble post is secretly supporting it. -- If you come under that description, Madam, I am your defender; if not, I have no further business here. Aug. Why should I urge my innocence? I am unfortunate, I Am poor: your nephew, Sir, will tell you that is cause sufficient for abandoning me. L. Abb. This grows too serious; I scorn to steal that from you half my fortune could not purchase. I believe you are as innocent as Heaven first formed you; and to convince the world in what esteem I hold your virtues, here, before Mortimer, I offer you my hand, and lay my title, rank and fortune, at your