A COMEDY, CALLED, THE Basset-Table. THE BASSET-Table. A COMEDY. As it is Acted at the Theater Royal in Drury Lane, by Her Majesty's Servants. By the Author of the Gamester. LONDON: Printed for William Turner at the Angel at Lincolns-Inn-Back-Gate; and Sold by J. Nutt near Stationers' Hall, 1706. Price 1 s. 6 d. To the Right Honorable ARTHUR Lord ALTHAM, BARON of ALTHAM, In the Kingdom of IRELAND. My LORD, POetry, in its first Institution, was principally designed to Correct, and rectify Manners. Thence it was that the Roman and Athenian Stages were accounted Schools of Divinity and Morality; where the Tragic Writers of those Days inspired their Audiences with Noble and Heroic Sentiments, and the Comic laughed and diverted them out of their Vices; and by rediculing Folly, Intemperence, and Debauchery, gave them an Indignation for those Irregularities, and made them pursue the opposite Virtues. This caused the Dramatic Poets, in ancient Times, not only to be reverenced by the lower sort of People, but highly Esteemed and Courted by Persons of the first Rank; and though the Writers of latter Ages, have, in a greater Measure, not to say in a scandelous Manner, deviated from the Footsteps, and Examples of their Predecessors; yet have they found Protection and Favor with those, who have been so Generous as to ascribe the Faults of the Poets to the Degeneracy of the Age wherein they lived. This consideration, my Lord, has imbolden'd me to this Address, for though on the one Hand I am sensible, that the following Piece does little Merit your Lordship's Patronage; yet your innate Goodness and Generosity give me hopes, that your Lordship will Pardon this Intrusion, in which I have the Examples of all those that wrote before me to bear me out. I heartily wish this Play were more worthy of your Lordship's Acceptance: Yet so much, I hope, will be forgiven to the fondness of a Mother for her Production; if, I say, in its Favor, that through the whole Piece, I have had a tender regard to good Manners, and by the main Drift of it, endeavored to Redicule and Correct one of the most reigning Vices of the Age. I might say, as many of my Brethren have done upon slighter Grounds, that this Play has had the good Fortune to Please and Divert the Nicest, and Politest Part of the Town; but I should set little Stress on their Applause, had I not some reason to depend upon your Lordship's Approbation, whose Judgment, Penetration and Discernment, are alone sufficient to do full Justice to a performance of this Kind. And now, my Lord, if I followed the beaten Road of Dedicators, it would naturally Engage me in a Panegirick, upon your Lordship's Personal Virtues, and those of your Noble and Pious Family; but I shall purposely decline a Talk to which I freely own my Ability is Unequal, and which, though managed by a Masterly Pen, would make your Modesty