have a number of Lovers? If it be, it is the pleasantest Crime in the World. A Crime that falls not every day, to every Woman's Lot. L. Lucy. I dare be positive every Woman does not wish it. Lady. Because wishes have no Effect, Cousin, ha, ha. L. Lucy. Methinks my Lord Worthy's Assiduity might have banished the admiring Crowd by this time. Lady. Banished 'em? Oh, Mon cour! what pleasure is there in one Lover; it is like being seen always in one Suit of Clothes; a Woman, with one Admirer, will never be a Reigning Toast. L. Lucy. I am sure those that Encourage more, will never have the Character of a Reigning Virtue. Lady. I slight the malicious Censure of the Town, yet defy it to asperse my Verture; Nature has given me a Face, a Shape, a Mein, an Air for Dress, and Wit and Humor to subdue. And shall I lose my Conquest for a Name. Alp. Nay, and among the unfashionable sort of People too, Madam; for Persons of Breeding and Quality will allow, that Gallantry and Virtue are not inseparable. L. Lucy. But Coquetry and Reputation are, and there is no differerence in the Eye of the World, between having really committed the Fault, and lying under the Scandal; for, my own part, I would take as much Care to preserve my Fame, as you would your Virtue. Lady. A little pains will serve you for that, Cousin; for I never once heard you named -- A Mortification would break my Heart, ha, ha. L. Lucy. It Is better never to be named, than to be ill spoke of; but your Reflections shall not Disorder my Temper. I could wish, indeed, to convince you of your Error, because you share my Blood; but since I see the Vanity of the attempt, I shall desist. Lady, I humbly thank your Ladyship. Alp. Oh! Madam, here is my Lord Worthy, Sir James Courtly, and Ensign Lovely, coming down; will your Ladyship see them? Lady. Now have I a strong Inclination to Engage Sir James, to discompose her Gravity; for if I have any Skill in Glances, she loves him -- but then my Lord Worthy is so peevish since our late Quarrel, that I Am afraid to Engage the Knight in a Ducl; besides, my Absence, I know, will teize him more, therefore, upon Consideration, I Will retire. Cousin Lucy; Good Morrow. I Will leave you to better Company, there is a Person at hand may prevent your Six-a-Clock Prayers. (Exit.) Lucy. Ha! Sir James Courtly -- I must own I think him agreeable -- but am sorry she believes I do. I Will not be seen; for if what I scarce know my self be grown so visible to her, perhaps, he too may Discover it, and then I am lost. While in the Breast our Secrets close remain, It Is out of Fortunes power to give us Pain. [Exit. Enter Lord Worthy,