I into a condition! No; they shall never have to say they threw me into a condition: I may be angry, but I scorn to own I Am disappointed. Bridge. That Is right, child, sure there are more men in the world, besides Lord Abberville. Luc. Law, papa! your ideas are so gross, as if I cared for any of the sex, if he had not singled her out from all women kind; but it was ever thus; she is born to be my evil genius; sure the men are mad -- Tyrrel, Lord Abberville -- one touched my heart, the other wounds my pride. Bridge. Why, ay, there is a fine estate, a noble title, great connections, powerful interest. Luc. Revenge is worth them all; drive her but out of doors, and marry me to a convent. Bridge. But let us keep some show of justice; this may be all a frolic of Lord Abberville's; the girl, perhaps, is innocent. Luc. How can that be, when I am miserable? Mrs. Bridge. Come, she is been suffered in your house too long; had I been mistress, she should have quitted it last night upon the instant: would she had never entered it. Bridge. There you make a bad wish, Mrs. Bridgemore; she has proved the best feather in my wing; but call her down; go, daughter, call her down. Luc. I Will send her to you; nothing shall prevail with me to speak to her, or look upon the odious creature more. [Exit. Mrs. Bridge. What is it you are always hinting at about this girl? she is the best feather in your wing. Explain yourself. Bridge. I cannot; you must excuse me; it is better you should never know it. Mrs. Bridge. Why, where is the fear; what can you have to dread from a destitute girl, without father, and without friend? Bridge. But is she really without father? was I once well assured of that -- But hush! my daughter's here -- Well, where is Miss Aubrey? LUCINDA enters followed by a MAID SERVANT. Luc. The bird is flown. Bridge. Hey-day, gone off! Mrs. Bridge. That Is flat conviction. Bridge. What have you there? a letter? Luc. She found it on her table. Bridge. Read it, Lucy. Luc. I beg to be excused, Sir; I don't choose to touch her nasty scrawl. Bridge. Well then, let us see; I Will read it myself. Reads. Sir, Since neither Lord Abberville's testimony, nor my most solemn protestations can prevail with you to believe me innocent, I prevent Miss Bridgemore's threatened dismission by withdrawing myself for ever from your family: how the world will receive a destitute defenseless orphan I am now to prove; I enter on my trial without any armor but my innocence; which, though insufficient to secure to me the continuance of your confidence, will, by the favor of Providence, serve, I hope, to support me under the loss of it. Augusta Aubrey. So! she is elop'd. --