guest. Luc. Ridiculous! I Will raise the house -- let me come to the bell. Aug. Hold! hold! you don't know what you do: for your own sake desist: to save your own confusion, more than mine, desist, and seek no farther. Luc. No, Madam; if I spare you, may the shame that waits for you fall on my head. Aug. At your own peril be it then! Look there (opens and discovers Lord Abberville.) Luc. Astonishing! Lord Abberville! This is indeed extraordinary; this, of all frolicks modern wit and gallantry have given birth to, is in the newest and the boldest style. L. Abb. Upon my life, Miss Bridgemore, my visit has been entirely innocent. Luc. Oh, yes! I give you perfect credit for your innocence; the hour, the place, your Lordship's character, the Lady's composure, all are innocence itself. Cannot you affect a little surprise, Ma'am, at finding a Gentleman in your bed-room, though you placed him there yourself? So excellent an actress might pretend a fit on the occasion: Oh, you have not half your part. L. Abb. Indeed, Miss Bridgemore, you look upon this in too serious a light. Luc. No, be assured: I Am charmed with your address; you are a perfect fashionable lover: so agreeable to invite us to your house, so well bred to be from home, and so considerate to visit poor Miss Aubrey in our absence: altogether, I am puzzled which to prefer, your wit, politeness, or your honor. Aug. Miss Bridgemore, it is in vain to urge my innocence to you; Heaven and my own heart acquit me; I must endure the censure of the world. Luc. O Madam, with Lord Abberville's protection you may set that at naught: to him I recommend you: your company in this house will not be very welcome. [Exit. L. Abb. (to her as she goes out) Then, Madam, she shall come to mine; my house, my arms are open to receive her. Fear nothing, set her at defiance; resign yourself to my protection; you shall face your tyrant, outface her, shine above her, put her down in splendour as in beauty; be no more the servile thing her cruelty has made you; but be the life, the leader of each public pleasure, the envy of all womankind, the mistress of my happiness -- Aug. And murderer of my own. No, no, my Lord, I Will perish first: the last surviving orphan of a noble house, I Will not disgrace it: from these mean, unfeeling people, who to the bounty of my ancestors owe all they have, I shall expect no mercy; but you, whom even pride might teach some virtue, you to tempt me, you with unmanly cunning to seduce distress yourself created, sinks you deeper in contempt than Heaven sinks me in poverty and shame. [Exit. L. Abb. A very unpromising campaign truly: one lady lost, and the other in no way of being gained. Well, I Will return to my company;