is very plain; And Wit has changed, and change it will again. This comforts M -- r; for we must allow, Though his damned Comedies are Folly now, They may be Wit, perhaps, to future Fools, If they escape Trunks, Kitchens, and Close-stools. 'TWERE hard, indeed, if nothing should be writ, But what was solid Sense, or current Wit; Such rigid Laws would ruin Authors quite, Not One in Twenty would attempt to write: But, as the Poets Case in Britain stands, We scorn tenacious Wit should tie our Hands. We freely write whatever we devise, No matter whether Wit, or Truth, or Lies. Thus bold Lucilius lashes half the Town, And teaches Manners, though himself has none; At Peers and Prelates darts his poisoned Stings, Asperses Ministers, and libels Kings; Rakes up the sacred Ashes of a Queen To vent his Spite, and gratify his Spleen. Thus See Harlequin Horace, p. 7. where the Author prosesses he has imitated the Style of Mr. Pope. He, who mimics POPE'S immortal Pen, (Though awkwardly as Monkeys mimic Men) With wicked Farce profanes the hallowed Gown, And to expose our Folly, shows his own. Thus L --, when at Leisure from the Stews, Through Dirt and Dung whips a lame, jaded Muse, To number all would weary Whitefield's Lungs, Who scribble Journals, and satiric Songs; Who rail at WALPOLE, impotent and fierce, Barren of Thought, yet prodigal of Verse. Guilty of Scandal, innocent of Wit, They write worse Stuff than Flecknoe ever writ: And by the half-form'd Embryo's of the Scull, Abuse the Privilege of being dull. God save his Honor! while such Authors write, He ought to thank their inoffensive Spite. And shall not I indulge my harmless Pen? And have my Way, as well as other Men? YOU, worthy Laelius, have your Pleasure too, And, quitting Crowds, a nobler Way pursue; The Way of Truth and Virtue you explore, For this you turn the Grecian Sages over: For this You read what Roman Authors writ, Digest their Precepts, and improve their Wit. In these, and true Philosophy, you find A Muse, to tune and harmonize your Mind, Who sings, All Pleasure, rightly understood, Consists alone in being Wise and Good. FINIS.