there is this merit however in gaming, that it makes all losses appear trivial but its own. END OF THE FIRST ACT. ACT II. A Library in MORTIMER's House. MORTIMER alone. SO! so! another day; another twelve hours round of folly and extravagance: 'pshaw! I Am sick on it. What is it our men of genius are about? Jarring and jangling with each other, while a vast army of vices over-runs the whole country at discretion (Jarvis enters.) Now, Jarvis, what is your news? Jar. My morning budget, Sir; a breakfast of good deeds; the offerings of a full heart and the return of an empty purse. There, Sir, I Have done your errand; and wish hereafter you could find another agent for your charities. Mort. Why so, Charles? Jar. Because the task grows heavy; besides, I Am old and foolish, and the sight is too affecting. Mor. Why does not do like me then? Sheath a soft heart in a rough case, 'twill wear the longer; fineer thyself, good Jarvis, as thy master does, and keep a marble outside to the world. Who dreams that I am the lewd fool of pity, and thou my pandar, Jarvis, my provider? You sound out the poor fellow then, the half-pay officer I met last Sunday -- Jar. With difficulty; for he obtruded not his sorrows on the world, but in despair had crept into a corner, and, with his wretched family about him, was patiently expiring. Mort. Pr'ythee no more on it: you saved him; you relieved him; no matter how; you made a fellow creature happy, that is enough. Jar. I did, Sir; but his story's so affecting -- Mort. Keep it to thyself, old man, then; why must my heart be wrung? I too am one of Nature's spoilt children, and havn't yet left off the tricks of the nursery. SERVANT enters. Serve. Sir, Mr. Tyrrel's come to town, and begs to see you. Mort. Let him come in (Tyrrel enters.) So, nephew, what bring's you to town? I thought you was a prisoner in the country. Tyr. I was; but now Lord Courtland has obtained his liberty, no reason holds why I should not recover mine. Mort. Well, Sir, how have you filled up your time? In practicing fresh thrusts, or repenting of that which is past? You Have drawn your sword to satisfy one man, now think of satisfying the rest of mankind. Tyr. You know my story, Sir; I drew my sword in the defense of innocence: to punish and repel the libertine attempts of an ennobled ruffian; every man of honor would have done the same. Mort. Yes, honor: you young men are subtle arguers; the cloak of honor covers all your faults, as that of passion all your follies. Tyr. Honor is what mankind have made it: and as we hold our lives upon these terms, with our lives it behooves us to defend them. Mort. You have made it reason then it seems,