were dead. Aug. Do not mistake affliction for disgrace; I Am innocent. Colin. I see it in your face: would I could say as much of him. Aug. You know him then. Colin. Ay, and his father before him: Colin Macleod's my name. Aug. Colin Macleod! Colin. What do you start at? Troth, there is no shame upon it; it is naught a bit the worse for my wear; honesty was aw my patrimony, and by my sol I hanna spent it: I serve Lord Abberville, but not his vices. Aug. I readily believe you; and to convince you of it, put me, I beseech you, into some present shelter, till the labor of my hands can keep me, and hold me up but for a breathing sp^ce, till I can rally my exhausted spirits and learn to struggle with the world. Colin. Ay, will I by my sol, so Heaven gives life, and woe betide the child that does you wrong! I be na smuthly spoken, but you shall find me true. -- And look, the first door that I cast my ey'n upon, I ken the name of Macintosh; troth, it is a gudely omen and prognostic: the Macintoshes and Macleods are aw of the same blood fra' long antiquity: had we searched aw the town we could na' find a better. (Knocks at the door.) Odzooks, fear nothing, damsel, an she be a true Macintosh, you need na' doubt a welcome. (MRS. MACINTOSH comes to the door.) Good day to you, Madam, is your name Macintosh pray you? Mrs. Mac. It is; what are your commands? Colin. Nay, hau'd a bit, good child, we command naught; but being, do you see, a Scottish kinsman of yours, Colin Macleod by name, I crave a lodgment in your house for this poor lassie. -- Good troth you need na squant at her so closely; there is naught to be suspected; and though she may na' boast so long a pedigree as you and I do, yet for an English family, she is of no despicable house; and as for reputation, good faith the lamb is not more innocent: respecting mine own fall I will na' vaunt, but an' you have any doubts, you need na' gang a mighty length to satisfy 'em; I Am no impostor. Mrs. Mac. I see enough to satisfy me; she is a perfect beauty: -- pray, young Lady, walk in; pray walk up stairs, you are heartily welcome; lackaday, you seem piteously fatigued. Aug. Indeed I want repose. Colin. Rest you awhile; I Will deliver your letter and call on you anon. Aug. I thank you. [Enters the house. Mrs. Mac. Heavens, what a lovely girl! Colin. Haud you a bit, you have done this kindly, cousin Macintosh, but were na' come a bagging, do you see; here, take this money in your hand and let her want for naught. Mrs. Mac. You may depend upon my care. Colin. Ay, ay, I ken'd you