suffer. Therefore I shall conclude, with begging your Lordship's leave to Subscribe my self, with all imaginable Respect and Sincerity. My LORD, Your Lordship's most Obedient, and most Devoted Humble Servant, PROLOGUE Spoke by Mr. Penkethman. IN all the Faces that to Plays Resort, Whether of Country, City, Mob or Court; I Have always found that none such hopes Inspire, As you -- dear Brethren of the Upper Tire. Poets in Prologues, may both Preach and Rail, Yet all their Wisdom, nothing will avail, Who writes not up to you, it is ten to one will fail. Your thundering plaudit it is that deals out Fame, You make Plays run, though of themselves but Lame: How often have we known your Noise Commanding, Impose on your Inferior Masters Understanding; Therefore, Dear Brethren, (since I am one of you) Whether adorned in Gray, Green, Brown or Blue, This day stand all by me, as I will fall by you, And now to let -- The poor Pit see how Pinky's Voice Commands, Silence -- Now rattle all your Sticks, and clap your grimy Hands* I greet your Love -- and let the vainest Author show, Half this Command on clearer Hands below, Nay, more to prove your Interest, let this Play live by you. So may you share good Claret with your Masters, Still free in your Amors from their Disasters; Free from poor Housekeeping, where Peck is under Locks* Free from Cold Kitchings, and no Christmas Box: So may no long Debates in the House of Commons, Make you in the Lobby Starve, when hungar Summons: But may your plentious Vails come flowing in, Give you a lucky hit, and make you Gentlemen; And thus preferred, never fear the World's Reproaches, But shake your Elbows with my Lord, and keep your Coaches: EPILOGUE Spoke by Mr. Esthcourt. THis goodly Fabric to a gazing Tarr, Seems Fore and Aft, a Three Deckt-man os War. Abaft, the Hold's the Pit, from thence look up, Aloft! that Swabber's Nest, that is the Main-Top. Side-boxes manned with Beau, and modish Rake, Are like the Fore-castle, and Quarter Deck. Those dark disguised, adventurous, black-nos'd few, May pass for Gunners, or a Fire-ship's Crew. Some come like Privateers a Prize to seize, And catch the French within the Narrow Seas. The Orange-Ladies, Virgins of Renown, Are Powder-Monkies running up and down. We Have here our Calms, our Storms, and prosperous Gales, And shift our Scenes as Seamen shift their Sails. The Ship's well manned, and not ill Woman'd neither, So Ballast'd and Stowed, my Lads, she will bear the Weather. But greater Dangers ventring Players alarm, This Night's Engagement's worse than any Storm. The Poet's Captain, but half dead with fright, She leaves her Officers to maintain the Fight; Yon'd middle Teer with Eighteen Pounders mauls us, That Upper-Deck with Great and Small-Shot gauls us. But from this Lower-Teer most Harm befalls, There Is no opposing their prevailing Balls. As either Foe or Friend their Chain-shot