and most absurdly grave, Most humbly high, and barbarously brave; Debauch'dly Civil, and Profanely Good, And filled with Generous brave Ingratitude; By Boun^y Disobliged, by Hatred won, Bold in their Danger, Cowards when it is gone; To their own Ruin they are the only Tools, Wary of Knaves, and easily choused by Fools; Profoundly empty, yet declar'dly wise, And fond of blind Impossibilities; Swess d with Conceit, they boast of all they do, First praise themselves, than think that Praise their Due; So fond of flattering Words, so vain in Pride, The World Mock's them, and they the World Deride: Value themselves upon their Nations Merit, In Spite of all the Vices they inherit; So wedded to the Country where they dwell, They think that is Heaven, and all the World s a Hell. Their frozen Vistula they would not forgo For fruitful Danube, or the flowery Po. Rapid Boristhenes delights them more Than pearly Streams, or a Peruvian Shore: And Russian Dwina dwells upon their Song, Hurried by barbarous Steeps and Hills, and pusht along. He must be well Read in Natural Philosophy, that makes Natures Streams run higher Northwardly, and in the Coldest Climates, th^n in those that are many Degrees nearer to the Sun, as the Western Parts, etc. And since He has given Nature an Elbow, does very Poetically, as well as Modestly, in describing Her, more Virginum, to make Water by the means of that Instrument; for it is not to be imagined whence Her Streams Issue unless from thence. That Pride is a Grace is likewise Wonderfully Novel, and how they can want that Grace when in the same Paragraph they are Swelled with Conceit; and be va^ in Pride is a Riddle requires an Oedipus to explain it. Neither are the two last Lines the most sensible Mr. Foe has written in his Life, though they are very Musical to the Ear; for it is a Manifest Contradiction to make the Dwina dwell upon their Song, which is an Act of Stagnation, at the same Time, it is Hurried, i. e. Precipitated and pushed along by Barbarous Steeps and Hills. The Land too happy would the People bless, Could they agree to know their Happiness; Nature with very liberal Hand supplies Her Situation-Insufficiencies: The temperate Influence revolves of Course, And Spite of Climate Nature works by Force. The bounteous Spring the Winters Wast repairs, And make the World grow young in spite of Years. The fruitful Earth uncommon Freedom shows, And foreign Wealth by foreign Commerce flows. Now Dame Nature makes use of Her Hand as well as her Elbow, and gives amends for Her Situation Insufficiencies. But how so? The Climate was Tempered for Plenty, in the Second Paragraph, and now its so far from it, that Nature is forced to Interpose, and Act as we do Unnaturaly, by Forcing the Growth of Plants, etc. by Hot Beds. For my Part it never Entered into my Noddle how Nature could work by