Retreat, than Luxemburgh did by defeating the Confederate (...) at Landen. If he is a Negative Soldier that has Fought the (...) of France and his Two Seconds with one Single Ship, with at being worsted, what a Champion of a Man must he be (...) an Affirmative? ^^^osky now supports the Polish Crown, And fights the Quarrels of his Masters Throne, (...) by Proxy when he Fights his Own. Mr (...) is not at all Obliged to you for reviving the Story of (...) Dispute between Him and Sir George, which tends so (...) to his Disreputation, and reminds People of the Merry (...) the Rehearsal mentions of that Friend and Acquaintance (...) Fighting Duels. Should any Man serve me so, he should (...) have the use of my Chambers at the Temple. Poland, how past Retrieve must be thy Fate, When Cowards Guide thy Arms, and Knaves thy State, (...) the Braver Swedish Squadrons meet, That stoop to Bully those they dare not Fight? Co^^^^e and Crime can never dwell so near; For where there is Guilt, there always will be Fear. If P^ always where their's Guilt, then some Body is very Impr^ make a Champion for a Party; and if telling a Man to (...) the Open Field of Election, as Sir G -- did (...) he wrote what he Taxed him with, and would make it good, ie. Bullying, I dare persuade my self an Assertor of such a Contradiction will not be able to Define what Fighting is. PART II. IN Polish Diet now they all appear, In Polish Diet all Men free from Fear, May all their most malicious Thoughts declare. Augustus calls them to the place Supreme, There first they Swear to Poland, then to Him, That they will both Support, and both Defend, And All profess what very Few intend. There from the Throne, He tells them of the State, What things occur, and prompts their calm Debate; Tells them his steady Thoughts due Peace to give, And ancient Polish Honor to retrieve; How he by Law came there, by Law would Reign, And all their Polish Liberties maintain: But lets them know, he finds to his surprise, Some Poles are even for this, his Enemies. Freedom of Speech is allowed in the English Parliaments, but un^er certain Restrictions; for some Members have spoke so much ^here, as to be called to the Bar, and afterward sent to the Tower for talking too freely. As for Swearing first to Poland, then to Him, would Mr. Foe give himself the Trouble of perusing the Oaths ^he Members of Parliament take, he would not have occasion to be ^old he is in an Error on that Account, since they swear to be true to their Queen and Country, not COUNTRY and QUEEN. Informs them of a deep Livonian Plot, And prompts them all to search it farther out. Tells them the real Danger of the State, And asks them to prevent their Monarch's