Theron's Bosom fire, Far other Joys his noble Breast inspire: No idle Pleasure charms the youthful Peer, Except the Pleasure of a Charioteer: Firm seated in the Box, he smoaks along, The Jest and Wonder of the gazing Throng. Dextrous as Racers on Olympian Plains, He sounds the clashing Whip, and shakes the loosened Reins: Proud to survey the Wheels impetuous roll, While all the Coachman's Glory warms his Soul. CHREMES, devoutly mad, forsakes his Wife, His Friends and Children, for a future Life: He follows Whitefield, by the Spirit driven; And starves himself on Earth, to feast in Heaven. To shun the fatal Rock on which he splits, Diagoras employs his subtle Wits; Denies the Being of a God by Rule, And proves by Logic -- that he is a Fool. Is there no Mean, no Passage we can find Safely to steer this Vessel of the Mind? Must we on Scylla or Charybdis run? When Dead, be wretched; or alive, undone? GRACCHUS, endowed with admirable Parts, Polished with Learning, Eloquence, and Arts, Protects the People warmly in Debate, And all his Pleasure's to reform the State; He could adjust all Business of the Crown, And yet he never could adjust his own: Not that he wanted Wit for such Affairs; He had too much for low domestic Cares. His active scheming Head has always found Too little Business, which has turned it round: As ponderous Ships, immoderately great, For want of proper Ballast, overset. OTHERS there are, who use their utmost Skill To climb Ambition's flattering faithless Hill: To Posts and Dignities Today they rise; Tomorrow greater Honors tempt their Eyes: For these they struggle; next; they these acquire; Greater appear, and greater they desire: Those too they gain: Well, now they have their Will, Or is this happy Something farther still? Alas! my Laelius, you mistake their Aim, Their Pleasure's in the Chase, not in the Game. As arrant Sportsmen hunt through Bog and Brake, Not for their Hunger, but Diversion's sake. See Manlius, striving for his Lordship's Place; His Lordship very fain would be his Grace: The Sergeant treads upon the Judge's Heels, The Impatient Judge anticipates the Seals. Some, boldly vain, like Phaethon, aspire; And, if indulged, would set the World on Fire. Even Budgel hoped to guide the Reins of State: My Lord of Lambeth's miserably great! Oppressed with Cares and Business all his Time, And, harder still! he can no higher climb. THE Muse, my Friend, might Thousands more relate, (Led either by their Folly, or their Fate) Who follow Pleasures of another Sort: Some go to Drury Lane, and some to Court; These rake in Stews, those shine in Drawing-rooms, Proud of their Clothes, as Peacocks of their Plumes; Who in their Dress such wondrous Pleasure take, They wear their Happiness upon their Back. In Dress the gay Lord Fopling squanders more Than would support an Hospital of Poor. For Dress in Debt Fastidius yearly runs, Patient of Scandal, negligent of Duns: