for his Defeat of Torvill; and there is not one among the Party whom he hints at for being Ungenerous, but pays him their Acknowledgment for that Days Service. Rigatshi next, our just Applause Commands, The Polish Peace on his wise Conduct stands; High Chancellor in Sobieski's Reign; And all (...) Poles would have him so again. In Law upright, and prudent in the State, In Council deep, in Execution great; But by the Faction of the Swedes oppressed, And to make way for Fools and Knaves, dismissed. Rigatski by whom the Lord S -- is Personated; (King William) having inv^^ed him with Large Demains at Rigate in Surrey, has the Character of a very Great Man, though I cannot close with him in his ill Manners to the Present Possessor of the great Seal, as to wish him to be Lord High Chancellor again; or say that He made way for a Fool or a Knave since his immediate Successor, chosen by King William, is deservedly Famous for being the very Reverse of that Inv^^ious Apellation. Amongst the Polish Prelates there appeared Cujavia, loved for Piety, for Prudence scared; Careless of Faction, or of Party hate, He firmly fixed to Sobieski's Fate; Followed his Fortune, and his Favor shared, And had the Miter for his just Reward. What though the Metropolitan declined, And more for Conti's Monarchy designed; Cujavia, all the Primates Place supplied; And Poland, her intended Prince enjoyed; Culm, and Posnania, Ecclesiastic Peers, And Patcherouski, old in Zeal as Years; With Thirteen Sacred Polish Miters who Are Polish Lords, and Polish Prelates too, Where all to Poland and Augustus true. In Cujavia we may Read the B -- p of S -- Character who Preached the Inuaguration Sermon at the Coronation of their Late Majesty's King William and Queen Mary, and by Culm, Posnania, Patcherousky and Thirteen Mitres more, are meant some very Good E -- l Peers, who were against the Bill to prevent Occasional Conformity, and consequently ^rue to Poland and Augustus. Which Consequence I shall no otherwise Animadvert upon, than that it is Injurious to Augustus his Character, as if he was against the Bill, when he had given such Assurances from the Throne in Favor of the Church Established. These wore the Polish Laurels to the last, And fixed the Polish Liberties so fast, That Fate it self could not the Band destroy, But what they once possessed, they still enjoy. These were the Columns which so long sustained The Load of State when Sobieski Reigned, Who all the Lines of Government restored, And held the Scepter while he drew the Sword. When he encampt on the Moldavian Plains, And freed the Poles from Mahomet's Servile Chains, The Turkish Banuers to his Sword submit, Abroad his Valor and at home their Wit; They fought with Equal Enemies at home, And Equal trophies to their Conduct come; The Conquered Difficulties of the State Make all Men own their Conduct to be Great; And they