make such unmannerly Comments on what he himself, and all the Commons of England, are so nearly concerned in. The empty Orator in Florid Speech, Told them, that he was just as Wise as Rich; To's Printed Books for his Design referred, Though that he ever Designed, no Mortal ever heard: He talked indeed sometimes of Church and State, Of Piety, and of the Lord knows what; But no Man yet his vast Intentions found, Deep as his Mines, and like his Brains unsound. 'Twas full a Polish Hour the Member spoke, But all the Diet all he said mistook: Some said he talked of this, and some of that; Just so he jumbl'd Providence and Fate: In both, the same Intention he pursued, Neither to Understand, or to be Understood. Thus he Harangu'd them Thirteen times and more, And still he left them where they were before. He talked of Crowns, of Property, and Law, And means to make them keep themselves in Awe; Of persecuting Peace, and quiet Jars, Nations in Nubibus beyond the Stars. Of moderate Feuds, and calm distempered States, And moved to Bleed us, to avoid Debates. Proposed by Poverty our Wants to cure, Starving our Tradesmen to employ the Poor: And backed his mighty Project with a Speech, Would spoil the Nation's Trade to make them Rich; In weighty Conference propt a tottering Cause To set our Privilege above our Laws: But as some Learned Speeches used to fail, Because they would too much Head, and had no Tail; So this was Hist about, because they said, 'Twas all made up of Tail, and had no Head. Mackreski thus his Learned Breath bestowed, And as it did no Harm, it did no Good; And yet his Speech had this unlookt-for Charm, That as it did no Good, it did no Harm. If the Poet that Lampoons him, were but half so wise and rich, he would have no Reason to expose himself in his Saturday's Review, July 7. by complaining of sleeping Debates in Trade of seventeen Years standing being reciv'd; and the very Management and Produce of those Mines he is so angry at the Depth of, is such an Argument of his Designing, that he shows his own want of Brains, by saying, No Man ever heard that he designed. If the Diet mistook what he said, why did they close with his Projection, and pass his Bill for the Relief of the Poor? But the Poet mistakes him, and therefore all must. As for the rest of the Jargon of Scandal upon this Gentleman, it is all of a piece, and his Quibling about his Speeches being made up of all Tail, and no Head, and his Convertible Terms, (which he is so famous for in his Little Master Review) no Good and no Harm, they are beneath Sir Humphry's Notice, and our Observation. Pacski, a Polish Deputy, stood next, And all the Polish Senators perplexed; His Zeal was for the