that seek to blame their Management, And charge on them what they could not prevent, Should tell us in what Age it shall be known No Faults attend the State, no Knaves the Crown. That Bishops are Pillars of the Church, and Consequently Columns, no Man will dispute with him; but that they held the Scepter while he drew the Sword, I cannot agree with him, since it will very much derogate from the Honor of the Lords Justices among whom the Temporal L -- ds preceding, for whom he expresses such Regard, made a very great Figure. Ungrateful Poland, never will be blessed Till Sobieski's Management's confessed; Till some of his forgotten Rules restored Such Statesmen wield the Scepter, such the Sword, Till some such Heads in Polish Council sit, And some such Hero shall for Poland fight. England has been blessed with more Victories since Her Majesty's Accession to the Throne, than what fell to Her Share for a Century before, which is a long Computation of Years Compared to Thirteen; and our Counselors Heads have done enough at Home, as well as our Heroes Hands Abroad, to Eclypse the Glory of any Hands or Heads whatsoever, King William's not excepted. Finski, an upright Lithuanian Peer, Sets up for sinking Poland's Prime Vizier; For Application and Impertinence No Man has half so much with half his Sense; With Formal Step, and high Majestic Grin, Is Polander without, and Swede within. Envy and awkward Spleen sit on his Face, In Speech precise, but always thinks apace; In Earnest Nonsense does his Hours divide, Always to little Purpose, much employed. Strong in Opinion, in his Judgment Weak, And thinks himself exceeding politic. The Music of his Tongue is his Disease, Conceives absurdly what he speaks with Ease. The Discord of his Facu lties is plain, He talks with Pleasure, what he thinks with Pain; And there it is owned he shows some Policy To make his fluent Tongue his Brain supply. So Men are pleased with Shadows, so from hence The World mistakes his jingling Tongue for Sense. A busy trifling Statesman, Proud and Dull, A thinking, plodding, wise substantial Fool; In all vast Poland's far extended Round, No Man was known so emptily profound. Polite in Words, a stiff and formal Tongue, And speaks to little purpose very long. The Noble Peer that falls under his Censure here, is as much above his Detraction, as the despicable Wretch that flings Dirt at him is beneath his Notice. He never Employed his Momentous Hours about other Things than the Advantage of the Prince whose Service he was in, and as for sinking any one, it was never in his Thoughts, if a Person aimed at, Acted Contrary to the Well-being of the Government. By Polands Prime Vizier, is meant the L -- H -- T -- who owes him no Thanks for giving him an Infidels Title, which I never heard belonged to Poland before. But as the Character of