could abominate your fleshly meal more than I do, why Hirtius and Apicius would have blushed for it: Marc Antony, who roasted eight whole boars for supper, never massacred more at a meal than you have done. L. Abb. A truce, good cynick: pr'ythee now get thee up stairs, and take my place; the ladies will be glad of you at cards. Mort. Me at cards! me at a quadrille-table; pent in with fuzzing dowagers, gossiping old maids and yellow admirals; 'sdeath, my Lord Abberville, you must excuse me L. Abb. Out on thee, unconformable being, thou art a traitor to society. Mort. Do you call that society? L. Abb Yes, but not my society; none such as you describe will be found here; my circle, Mr. Mortimer, is formed by people of the first fashion and spirit in this country. Mort. Fashion and spirit! Yes, their country's like to suffer by their fashion more than 'twill ever profit by their spirit. L. Abb. Come, come, your temper is too sour. Mort. And yours too sweet: a mawkish lump of manna; sugar in the mouth, but physic to the bowels. L. Abb. Mr. Mortimer, you was my father's executor; I did not know your office extended any further. Mort. No; when I gave a clear estate into your hands, I cleared myself of an unwelcome office: I was, indeed, your father's executor; the gentlemen of fashion and spirit will be your lordship's. L. Abb. Pooh! you have been black-ball'd at some paltry port-drinking club; and set up for a man of wit and ridicule. Mort. Not I, believe me: your companions are too dull to laugh at, and too vicious to expose. -- There stands a sample of your choice. L. Abb. Who, Doctor Druid? Where Is the harm in him? Mort. Where is the merit? -- What one quality does that old piece of pedantry possess to fit him for the liberal office of traveling preceptor to a man of rank? You know, my Lord, I recommended you a friend as fit to form your manners as your morals; but he was a restraint; and, in his stead, you took that Welchman, that buffoon, that antiquarian forsooth, who looks as if you had raked him out of the cinders of Mount Vesuvius. L. Abb. And so I did: but pr'ythee, Mortimer, don't run away; I long to have you meet. Mort. You must excuse me. L. Abb. Nay, I must have you better friends. -- Come hither, Doctor, hark'e -- Mort. Another time, at present, I am in no humor to stay the discussion of a cockle-shell, or the dissection of a butterfly^s wing. [Exit. DOCTOR DRUID enters. Dr. Druid. Putterflies! putterflies in your teeth, Mr. Mortimer. What is the surly-poots prabbling about? Cot give her coot luck; will the man never leave off his flings, and his fleers, and his fegaries; packpiting his petters? -- Coot, my Lord, let me call him back, and have a little tisputes