be troubled more. [Exit. Colin. Hoot! what the fiend possesses you? What time of the moon is this? The lad's an errant bedlamite. There Is mischief in the wind; and this same Lord of mine is at the bottom of it: gadzooks, there goes Master Mortimer; I Will tell him aw the case, and take his counsel on the whole. [Exit. Scene changes to Mrs. MACINTOSH's House. Mrs. MACINTOSH and TYRREL. Mrs. Mac. Well, Mr. Tyrrel, if you must and will be heard, you must; but pray be short, my time is precious. Tyr. So is my peace of mind: you have got a Lady in your house has taken that from me I never shall recover. Mrs. Mac. What is it you mean? What Lady have I in my house? Tyr. Miss Aubrey. Mrs. Mac. Miss Aubrey! You mistake; I never heard the name. Tyr. Come, you and I have long been friends: answer me truly, does not Lord Abberville visit a Lady here? Mrs. Mac. Well, if he does, what then? Tyr. Why then that Lady has undone me; she has broke my heart. Mrs. Mac. Yes; but her name's not Aubrey; my Lord calls her Summers. Tyr. Let my Lord call her what he will, coin what new name he pleases to elude my search, still I must see her. Mrs. Mac. Why you're mad sure to think of such a thing; I thought you knew me better: violate a trust? No, no, young man, that is not my principle; you see no Lady here. Why, sure, I Have not maintained an honorable character in the world till now, to make away with it at last. Tyr. If you suspect me, stay and be present at our conference. Mrs. Mac. Yes, and so have my Lord come in and catch us, and a tilting bout ensue betwixt you; no, Mr. Tyrrel, mine is a sober well conducted family: I Will have no coroner's inquest come within my doors -- Hush, as I live, here comes my Lord: dear Tyrrel, be advised, come along with me, and betake yourself out of his way. Tyr. No; I Will not seek a quarrel with Lord Abberville, but I cannot fly from him: go, go, and leave us to each other. [Exit Mrs. Macintosh. Lord ABBERVILLE enters. L. Abb. Tyrrel! -- What brings you here? This is no place of meeting; if you have any explanation to require upon Miss Aubrey's account, come to my house: I answer nothing here. Tyr. My Lord, when I Am assured Miss Aubrey is in this house, and see you her visitor, I can interpret for myself. L. Abb. Miss Aubrey in this house! You rave. Tyr. Come, it is in vain; your Scotchman told me so; your Mrs. Macintosh herself confessed it. L. Abb. Humph! after all, 'twou'd be a lucky hit, should this be true: it may be so (aside.) Tyr. If you require more witnesses to what I say, here comes an