While Curious, lewd and lavish on his Whores, Brings Claps and Fashions from the Gallic Shores: These have their Pleasures: Is it then a Crime In me to take the Privilege of Rhyme? BUT now, methinks you whisper in my Ear, "This Itch of Rhyming carries you too far:" What is it to me, you say, whose Plays are dull? What is it to me, who is Fop, or Knave, or Fool? Who games, or swears, or lies, or jobs, or cheats? Who gain Preferments, or who lose Estates? Men ever had their Pleasures, ever will: In God's Name let them have their Pleasures still! But since in different ways they all incline To have their Pleasures, shall I not have mine? There Is Mistress Drummond frequently will tell ye, The Spirit swells her like to burst her Belly; How shall she ease her Bosom of the Load? How, but discharge and loose the laboring God? Shall Ease, my Friend, be found for her alone? Shall she have Remedy, and I have none? WELL then, proceed, you say; but mark the End; Writing will make you Foes, though not a Friend: Besides, 'twere Vanity to think your Lays Should please a Critic's Ear, or merit Praise. PRAISE is a Feather, foreign to my Hope: Give it to THOMSON, WARBURTON, or POPE. When urgent Nature calls, I write for Ease, The Call of Nature every one obeys. Alike the Learned, and those who never learn, Whether it is in a College, or a Barn; Whether on Mincio's Banks, or in the Mint: When Nature bids us write, we write and print. I KNOW your Judgment, Sense, and Taste require A Bard to sing with Spirit, Force, and Fire; Compose such Numbers as the Ancients writ. Are Ancients then the only Men of Wit? Is Wit immutable? Is nothing so, But what was writ Two thousand Years ago? Sure if it vary not, it is mighty strange, Since much more sacred Things have suffered Change. BEFORE King Harry (last of all the Name) To good Queen Bess's Mother told his Flame, What a mysterious Dress Religion wore! What Crops of Superstition England bore! Our pious Sires implicit Faith received, Believing what could hardly be believed. 'Twas Sin to think their Bread composed of Flour, Or Two and Two equivalent to Four. Nor dared they reason in their own Defense, For the worst Heresy was common Sense: Or if they durst espouse the noble Cause Of Nature's Right, and Truth's eternal Laws, Bulls and Damnations thundered from the Press, And cursed as zealously as Christ could bless. Now, thank Reformers of a later Age, We cannot complain of superstitious Rage; No Flamen cheats us with his holy Wiles, Nor Smithfield smoaks with frequent Funeral Piles. No Royal Quixotes lead their martial Powers To fight for Lady Faith on Foreign Shores: Yet grant, Almighty Heaven, we may not fall From too much Piety, to none at all! THUS Modes of Faith have changed, it