it will be an Affront to Mr. Godolphin who succeeds him. In High Mock Majetty, and awkward State, He Apes the Prince, and thinks himself as great: The Black Assembly, in the Sulfurous Shades, Where Mining Hand the Glittering Oar Invades, " With all the Elder evils of the Mines, " He calls in Convocations like Divines, " Mobb'd them a Speech, within their Smoaky Den, "Said much of Nothing, and came Home again. The Speech which he calls a Mobb-Speech may be seen in the Gazette, and to say much of nothing, is rather an Argument of his Dexterity in Discourse than against it. As for his calling the Elder Devils of the Mines like Divines to the Convocation-House, that carries such an odious Reflection upon the Church of England Clergy in General, that i tought to be censured by the Civil-Magistrate. Bankski, a New Contemporary Lord, An Orator at Poland's Chancery Board, Furnished with Ciceronian Eloquence, And mighty Flights of Language, none of Sense; Speech making was his due Paternal Fame, And made his Voice a Pun upon his Name; A Tongue-Pad Family, of Wheedling Race, And talks of nothing with a Wondrous Grace. By Banksky we are to understand, the L -- d Gu -- sey who Married Sir John Banks's Daughter, whom he owns to be furnished with Ciceronian Eloquence, at the same time as he will allow him to have no Sense. An Instance of the Satyrist's great Knowledge in Cicero, whose Oratory consisted not only in the Cadence of his Words, but the Sense of them. As for his Voice being a Pun upon his Name, (viz). that there is Music in it, and his Name is Finch, that is so sorry a Conundrum that OWEN SWAN would kick his Vinegar drawer out of Doors for it. Augustus moved him, as 'twas understood, That he might do no Harm who did no Good: The Cossacks at his Honor much Rejoice, For right or wrong, they always loss his Voice; And Finky's glad of his assistance here, To Check sometimes the too much talking Peer, By Force, to stop the forward weak Effort, Lest he should make the Diet too much Sport; How often in Pity has he Pinned him down, Whispered his Fathers Credit, and his own; Told him his Grandsire's old, substantial Rule, That silence never can describe a Fool. The Queen moved him from the Commons to the Peers, from a true Sense of his Worth, and the Nation is more indebted to his Assistance than his Brother who needs it not, and is Second to no one Patriot whatsoever in every Acquisition whether Natural or Artificial, that can make a Complete Statesman. Unhappy ^inski, had he been but Wise, And took his Younger Brother's grave Advice, Whartski, Mobunski, and a Hundred more, Had been as Sober as they were before; The Dyet's Gravity had never been broke, For no Man Laughed but just when ^inski spoke. For a Man to be