for one of the Knights of the Shire, which is an Argument, that Mr. Foe shot his Bolt too soon, when he said, Their future Trusts to Pacski they refuse. When froward Toweroski took his place, Zeal on his Tongue, and Fury in his Face. " Ye reverend Poles, (says he) let Heaven forbid " That Words should Poland 's Liberties decide; " Our War's remote, but these are Foes indeed; " I Would rather Beat the Cossacks, than the Swede. "Augustus talks to Us, I hope in vain " Of Peace, while Factious Cossacks shall remain, " The Spawn of Rebels of Tartarian Race, " Who ask no Favor, and deserve no Grace; " If first Augustus will destroy the Breed, " Then Peace at Home may probably succeed; " But while this Vip'rous Brood the Poles betray, " I Would not Augustus, though himself were here, Obey. The Noble Gentleman that is personated here, Mr. B --, Brother to the E -- of A --, is of another Disposition than what is froward; and his Sweetness of Temper is as remarkable as his Loyalty to the present Government, which he would not forfeit his Obedience to for any Cause whatsoever. Though he has but too much Reason to think our Peace will never succeed at home, till such as are averse to it, and say, Peace, Peace, when there is no Peace, (I mean the Dissenters) are removed from having any share in the Administration. He said, and more than half the Diet bowed, And with consenting Silence 'twas allowed A Law should pass the Cossacks to suppress, The only way to Poland's Happiness. Mean while the Assembly sep'rately repaired To Church, and there the famous Burski heard, Now Stanski, then Maroski, and a third That always dealt in Tropes and Similies absurd; These furious Priests the fatal Stroke excite, Tell them of Kings that spared the Amalekite; The Grave Divines, in Pulpit Rhet'rick known, Talked of the Dyet's Wit to show their own, Banter'd a Text or two, and talked some Greek, And so went Home to Drink out all the Week. Dooms the poor Cossacks from the sacred Text, And raved in Zeal till he the Cause perplexed. It was but reasonable that a Law should be brought in to prevent the Growth of Hypocrisy, and Endeavors be used to save Reprobates against their Wills, if they would not be instrumental to their own Salvation themselves; and if all the Clergy in England had been so deservedly famous as Dr. Birch, some People would have been nearer to that happy State, than they now are. Priests, like the Female Sex, when they Engage, There Is always something Bloody in their Rage. He told the Diet they must Fight and Pray, And pull the Cossacks down the Shortest Way; And in his Zeal, so far his Text forgot, He Perjured his Augustus on the Spot; Unchurch'd the Nation, Cursed the Polish Tribes, And for their Cure, the