Lord. Not against your Will, I hope. Lady Revel. No, I forgive you; though had I been aware of it, it should have cost you a little more Pains. Lord. I wish I could return thy Plot, and make this Lady thine, Sir James. Sir James. Then I should be paid with Interest, my Lord. Lady Lucy. My Fault is Consideration you know, I must think a little longer on it. Sir James. And my whole Study shall be to improve those Thoughts to my own Advantage. Mr. Sago. I wish your Ladyship Joy, and hope I shall keep my Kickey to my self now. Lady. With all my Heart Mr. Sago, she has had ill Luck of late, which I am sorry for. Mrs. Sago. My Lord Worthy will confine your Ladyship from Play as well as I, and my Injunction will be more casie when I have your Example. Buclke. Nay it is Time to throw up the Cards when the Games out. Enter Sir Richard, Captain Hearty, Lovely and Valeria. Capt. Well, Sir James, the Danger's over, we have doubled the Cape, and my Kinsman is Sailing directly to the Port. Sir James. A Boon Voyage. Sir Rich. It Is done, and my Heart is at Ease. -- Did you ever see such a perverse Baggage, look in his Face I say, and thank your Stars, for their best influences gave yon this Husband. Lovely. Will not Valeria look upon me? She used to be more Kind when we have sish'd for Eals in Vinegar. Val. My Lovely, is it thee? And has natural Sympathy forborne to inform my Sense thus long? [Flies to him] Sir Rich. How! how! This Lovely? What does it (...) the Ensign I have so carefully avoided! Lovely. Yes, Sir, the same; I hope you may be brought to like a Land Soldier as well as a Seaman. Sir Rich. And, Captain, have you done this? Capt. Yes, Faith, she was too whimsical for our Element; her hard Words might have Conjured up a Storm for ought I know -- so I have set her ashore. Lady Revel. What, my Uncle deceived with his Stock of Wisdom? Ha, ha, ha. Buckle. Here Is such a Coupling, Mrs. Alpiew, have not you a Month's Mind? Mrs. Alp. Not to you I assure you. Buckle. I was but in Jest, Child, say nay when you're asked. Sir James. The principal Part of this Plot was mine, Sir Richard. Sir Rich. Would 'twas in my Power to hang you for it. [Aside. Sir James. And I have no Reason to doubt you should repent it, he is a Gentleman, though a younger Brother, he loves your Daughter, and she him, which has the best Face of Happiness in a married State; you like a Man of Honor, and he has as much as any one, that I assure you, Sir Richard. Sir Rich. Well, since what is past is past Recall I had as good