will refund to the last farthing: I dispute nothing; call him not in. Mort. There Is no occasion for witnesses when a man pleads guilty. MISS AUBREY enters and throws herself on her knees to her Father. Aug. Dear Sir, upon my knees I do beseech you mitigate your severity; it is my first petition; he is detected, let his conscience add the rest. Aub. Rise, my beloved child, it shall be so. There, Sir, your pardon be your punishment; it was my money only you attempted, my choicest treasure you have left untouched: now go and profit by this meeting: I will not expose you: learn of your fraternity a more honorable practice; and let integrity for ever remain the inseparable characteristic of an English merchant. Mort. Stay; I Have another point to settle with you; you're a creditor of Lord Abberville's: I find you have put Miss Aubrey's money to extraordinary interest: Jarvis, show this Gentleman into my library, you will find a lawyer there will settle your accounts. Bridge. I think you have pretty well done that already -- A fine visit truly I have made on it; and a fine reception I shall meet at home. [Exit. Aub. So! This uneasy business past, let us now turn to happiness: where is your Nephew? Mort. Conferring with Lord Abberville. Aug. Lord Abberville? You frighten me. Mort. Fear nothing; you will find him a new man; a deep incision has let out the disorder; and I hope a healthy regimen in time will heal the wound; in short I cannot be idle; and now Frank is off my hands, I Have once more undertaken to set this ricketty babe of quality upon his legs -- Oh, here he comes; why this is as it should be; now you look like friends. Lord ABBERVILLE and Mr. TYRREL. L. Abb. May we be ever so! O, Mortimer, I blush to look upon that Lady; your reproofs I bore with some composure; but methinks was she to chide me, I should sink with shame. Aug. You Have nothing, my Lord Abberville, to apprehend from me: I should be loath to give an interruption to your happiness in the height of my own. Aub. Give me thy hand, Augusta -- In the hope that I was laboring for thy sake, and in thy person that I should restore the prostrate fortunes of an ancient house, I have toiled on through eighteen years of wearisome adventure: crowned with success, I now at length return, and find my daughter all my fondest hope could represent; but past experience makes me provident; I would secure my treasure; I would bestow it now in faithful hands -- What say you, Sir, will you accept the charge? (To Tyrrel.) Tyr. Yes, and will bear it ever in my sight, watch over it with unremitting love, and guard it with my life. Aub. What says my child, my dear Augusta? But I read her looks -- Blessed be