find her probably at your own door, she is gone from hence. SERVANT enters and speaks. Mr. Tyrrel, Madam. Luc. Show him in, pray -- My Lord, you have no objection. L. Abb. None in life; I know him intimately; but if you please, I Will take my leave; you may have business -- Curse on it, he is the Lady's lover. (aside. Luc. Nay, I insist upon your staying -- Now malice stand my friend! -- Good morning to you, Sir, you're welcome to town. TYRREL enters. Tyr. I thank you -- I am wrong I believe; your servant should not have shown me in here: it is with Miss Aubrey I request to speak. Luc. Lord Abberville, you can direct Mr. Tyrrel to Miss Aubrey: she has left this family, Sir. Tyr. Madam -- My Lord -- I beg to know -- I don't understand -- L. Abb. Nor I, upon my soul: was ever any thing so malicious? (aside. Luc. My Lord, why don't you speak? Mr. Tyrrel may have particular business with Miss Aubrey. L. Abb. Why do you refer to me? How should I know any thing of Miss Aubrey? Luc. Nay, I ask pardon; perhaps Mr. Tyrrel's was a mere visit of compliment. Tyr. Excuse me, Madam; I confess it was an errand of the most serious sort. Luc. Then it is cruel not to tell him where you have placed her. Tyr. Placed her! L. Abb. Ay, placed her indeed? For Heaven's sake, what are you about? Luc. Nay, I have done, my Lord; but after last night's fatal discovery, I conceived you would no longer affect any privacy as to your situation with Miss Aubrey. Tyr. What did you discover last night, Madam, tell me; I have an interest in the question. Luc. I Am sorry for it, for then you will not be pleased to hear that she admits Lord Abberville, by night, into her bedroom; locks him up in it, and on detection the next morning, openly avows her guilt, by eloping to her galant. Tyr. What do I hear? My Lord, my Lord, if this is true -- L. Abb. What then? what if it is? must I account to you? who makes you my inquisitor? Tyr. Justice, humanity, and that control which virtue gives me over it is opposers: if more you would, with anguish I confess my heart unhappily was placed on her whom you have ruined; now you will not dispute my right. L. Abb. This is no place to urge your right; I shall be found at home. Tyr. I Will wait upon you there. [Exit Tyrrel. L. Abb. Do so -- your servant -- Miss Bridgemore, I am infinitely your debtor for this agreeable visit; I leave you to the enjoyment of your many amiable virtues, and the pleasing contemplation of what may probably ensue from the interview you have provided for me with Mr. Tyrrel. [Exit. Luc. Ha, ha, ha! I must be