less or more than woman, if I did not relish this retaliation. END OF THE SECOND ACT. ACT III. The Street, with a distant View of a Square. COLIN alone. AH, Colin, you are a prodigal; a thriftless loon thou'st been, that could na' keep a little pelf to thysall when thou had got it; now thou may gang in this poor geer to thy live's end, and worse too for aught I can tell; 'faith, mon, 'twas a smeart little bysack of money thou had scraped together, an the best part of it had na' been laft amongst thy kinsfolk, in the Isles of Skey and Mull; muckle good may it do the weams of them that have it! There was Jamie Mac Gregor and Sawney Mac Nab, and the two braw lads of Kinruddin, with old Charley Mac Dougall, my mother's first husband's second cousin: by my sol I could na' see such near relations, and gentlemen of fich ancient families gang upon bare feet, while I rode a horseback: I had been na true Scot, an I could na' ge'en a countryman a good laft upon occasion (as he is going out, Miss Aubrey enters.) Aug. That house is Mr. Mortimer's; and yet I cannot resolve to go to it: to appeal to Tyrrel is a dangerous step; it plunges him again in my unprosperous concerns, and puts his life a second time in danger; still, still I know not how to let him think me guilty: wretched, unfriended creature that I am, what shall I do? (as she is going out, Colin advances.) Colin. Haud a bit, lassie, you that are bewailing; what is your malady? Aug. Sir! Did you speak to me? Colin. Troth, did I; I were loath to let affliction pass beside me and not ask it what it ailed. Aug. Do you know me then? Colin. What need have I to know you? An you can put me in the way to help you, is not that enough? Aug. I thank you: if I have your pity, that is all my case admits of. Colin. Wha' can tell that? I may be better than I seem: as sorry a figure as I cut, I have as good blude in my veins, and as free of it too, as any Breton in the land; troth, an you be of my country, Madam, you may have heard as much. Aug. I do not question it; but I am not of Scotland. Colin. Well, well, an' if you had the de'il a bit the worse should I ha liked you for it; but it was not your lot; we did na' make oursalls; Paradise itsal would na' hald all mankind, nor Scotland neither; and let me tell you there is na braver or more ancient people underneath Heaven's canopy; no, nor a nation of the terrestrial globe wha have more love and charity for one another. Aug. Well, Sir, you seem to wish to do