has never been in any other than that of Newgate. He Learnt ill Tongues in Cambria's Famous Hall, And very Apely represents them all: Down with the Cossacks is his Darling Word, The Bully Tongue supplies the Tamer Sword; He Damns the Cossacks with Exalted Vote, And Horrid Language fills his raveing Throat; Nor does it Check the Man's degenerate Scorn, To think that he himself's a Cossack Born; Rather than not surpress the Growing Evil, He freely Votes his Fathers to the Devil. The Earl of Anglesea, Lord Privy Seal to King Charles II. whom this Paragraph highly injures in calling him a Cossack, was advanced for his Loyalty and Zeal for the Church Established; and being the Father of this Worthy Gentleman made such Provision for his Son's Education, as is in no wise consonant to the Dissenters Communion. For though they have their separate Universities at Vtrecht, Leyden, etc. they are averse to the two Universities here, where Religion and Loyalty are Taught and Practiced. Which is an Argument that he did not Design to have his Son bred up otherwise than in those Principles which he so gloriously adhere's to. And how a Man can Vote his Fathers to the Devil, by coming up to his Father's Direction, I must profess my self Incapable of Explaining. Never did University pretend, To Polish Diet such a Wretch to send; It Is owned they did not Choose him for his Sense, But he got in by Dint of Impudence; A finished Coxcomb, with Assuming Wit, In all but Sense and Manners he is Complete, So furnished with the Language of the Town, He made our Dunghill Rhetoric, all his own; All his endeavors to support the State, H' Expresses in the Style of Billingsgate; Of Modesty and Manners very Shy, And blessed with every Gift but Honesty, If he has neither Sense nor Manners, how comes he to be Blessed with every Gift but Honestys For as I take it, Sense and Manners are Gifts, and he cannot have them, and not have them at the same time. Gransky was newly made a Polish Lord, Though most Men thought 'twas hasty and absurd, His Honor thus, before his Wealth should rise, But that his other Stock, that want supplies. By Gransky, the Poet designs we shall read the L -- G -- ll, though he gives us no Lineaments of him in his pretended Character. That he was made a Lord was the Queen's Act and Deed, and to call his Creation Absurd, is to make her Majesty Guilty of that Absurdity. One farther Mischief his advancement brought, Our Polish Mob have made the Grievance out; May-Fair and Hockly, suffer such a Blow, 'Twill all the Bears and Back-Sword Men Undo; All things give way to Fate's eternal Doom, The shouting Crowd have lost their Captain Tom. See how the Stage of Dirty Honor fails, And Warsaw her Street Colonel Bewails; No more the Gladiator now appears, Patron