Fate, But presses them to Peace and Calm Debate. By the Livonian Plot, is meant the Scotch Plot, which was so very deep indeed, that I never heard of any one yet that found the ^ottom of it. It Is all in vain, for Faction had possessed Some Members, all the Diet to molest; In vain the sullen Deputies Debate, In vain they weakly prop the sinking State; In vain to Oaths and Loyalty pretend, They Sell that Prince whom faintly they Defend. The Commons were as hearty in pursuit of such as were thought criminal (...) that Juncture, as their Lordships, though they did not appoint a Committee to meet at N -- d House, and were so very far from faintly defending her Majesty, that never a heartier and more earnest Address came from a People to a Prince on that Account. What remains, is to ask the Sense of the last Line, and how it is a Consequence, that they must sell that Prince whom they defend faintly. Satyr, with gentle Strokes the Mischiefs touch, How little some Men said, how some too much: How some, in hopes to pull the Cossacks down, Slight the Livonian Plot, expose the Crown, Cavil, Contrive, make Speeches, and Debate, And Jest too much with Poland's dangerous State. Prepost'rous Laws, absurd in their Design, And, made on purpose to be broke, bring in; Divide, in order to Consolidate, And Tack Destructon to the wounded State. Secure the Polish Freemen in a Goal, For fear the Nation's Liberties should fail. The Polish dear-bought Privilege destroy, That Dyets Tyranny they might enjoy. Support the Polish Dignity and Crown, By pulling all her just Defenses down, And save the tottering Kingdom from her Fate, By decently embroiling Church and State, He should have given us the Names of those Laws which he cal^ preposterous and absurd, as his Reader might have known his Meaning. I have heard indeed of bringing in a Bill, but never of a La^ that was brought; for nothing can be called a Law till it has ha^ the Royal Assent. As for securing the Polish Freemen in a Goa^ those Freemen, as he terms them, were guilty of an express Breac^ of Privilege, in which the Honor of Parliament was so far concerned, that they had lessened their Authority, but for their Commitment. Mackreski first, the Dyet's Pamphleteer, Stood up; -- all Poland waited on his Chair, For all Men looked some wondrous thing to hear. So once the Teeming Hill in Travail groaned, The expecting World the mighty Wonder owned; Young Mountains, Twins at least, they looked should come, When One poor Mouse closed the vast laboring Wom. By Mackreski, we are to understand Sir Humphry, who has written so very much and well for the Honor of the House of Commons, and so learnedly vindicated their Privileges, that were this Author Master of any Gratitude, he would rather pay his Acknowledgments to so worthy a Representative, than