her sex throw from them, centered all with her. Dr. Druid. I Have told too much; this lad's as mad as he -- well, Mr. Tyrrel, I can say but little in the case; women and politics I never deal in; in other words I abhor cuckoldom, and have no passion for the pillory. [Exit. COLIN enters. Colin. Gang your gait for an old smoak-dried piece of goat's-flesh (shuts the door.) Now we are alone, young Gentleman, there is something for your private reading. (Delivers a letter.) Tyr. What do I see? Miss Aubrey's hand! Why does she write to me? Distraction, how this racks my heart! Colin. Ay, and mine too -- ecod, it gave it sike a pull, I canna for the sol of me, get it bock into it is place again: good truth, you will find it but a melancholy tale. Tyr. (reads) "I am the martyr of an accident, which never will find credit; under this stroke I cannot conceal a wish that Mr. Tyrrel would not give me up; but as his single opposition to the world's reproach might be as dangerous to him, as it must be Ineffectual to me, I earnestly advise him to forget the unfortunate Augusta." -- What am I to conclude? The paper looks like innocence, the words as soft as modesty could utter. -- The martyr of an accident! She calls it accident; why that is no crime. Alas! it might be accident, which threw temptation in her way, but voluntary guilt, which yielded to the tempter: of him she makes no mention. Pray, Sir, inform me; you have seen this Lady -- Colin. I have. Tyr. Discoursed with her -- Colin. I have. Tyr. In that discourse do you recollect if she named Lord Abberville? Colin. I recollect she said he was the source of her misfortunes. Tyr. Ay, did she say so much? That Is guilty beyond doubt. Colin. You're right; it carries a damned guilty look: I would na take his fortune to father his faults. Tyr. Why you then give him up. Oh! it is too palpable! But, pray, did she herself give you this letter for me? Colin. With her own hondes; good faith, the heart within you would ha malted to have seen the manner of it. Tyr. That aggravates my torture! Where was it you left her? In what wretched habitation? Colin. Hoot! no disparagement upon her habitation; there is naught of wretchedness about it: odzooks! she is with a Lady of as good a family! -- But you mun be as close as wax, do you see, you munna mang the secret to my Lord. Tyr. Well, well, the place -- Colin. Nay, it is hard by; a cousin's of mine own; a comely courteous woman as you would wish to commune with; one Mrs. Macintosh. Tyr. 'Sdeath! that confirms it! There, Sir, bring me no more letters: whether you're dupe or pandar in this business, I desire never to