designs me for the Pilot, if you agree to it, we'll hoist Sail immediately. Val. I agree to any thing dictated by good Sense, and comprehended within the Borders of Elocution, the converss I hold with your Sex, is only to improve and cultivate the Notions of my Mind. Sir Rich. What the Devil is she going upon now? [Aside.] Val. I presume you are a Mariner, Sir -- Capt. I have the Honor to bear the Queen's Commission, Madam. Val. Pray, speak properly, positively, Laconically and Naturally. Lady. So she has given him a Broadside already. Capt. Laconically? Why, why, what is your Daughter? Sir Richard, ha Sir Rich. May I be reduced to Wooden-Shoes, if I can tell you, the Devil; had I lived near a College, the Haunts of some Pedaunt might have brought this Curse upon me; but to have got my Estate in the City, and to have a Daughter run Mad after Philosophy, I Will never suffer it in the rage I am in, I Will throw all the Books and Mathematical Instruments out of the Window. Lady. I dare say, Uncle, you have shook hands with Philosophy -- for I Am sure you have banished Patience, ha, ha, ha. Sir Rich. And you Discretion -- By all my hatred for the French, they will drive me Mad; Captain I Will expect you in the next Room, and you Mrs Laconick, with your Philosophy at your Tail. (Exit.) Lady. Shall Not I come too, Uncle, ha, ha. Capt. By Neptune, this is a kind of a whimsical Family; well, Madam, what was you going to say so positively and properly, and so forth? Val. I would have asked you, Sir, if ever you had the curiosity to inspect a Mermaid -- Or if you are convinced there is a World in every Star -- We, by our Telliscopes, find Seas, Groves and Plains, and all that; but what they are Peopled with, there is the Query. Capt. Let your next Contrivance be how to get thither, and then you will know a World in every Star -- Ha, ha, she is fitter for Moorfields than Matrimony, pray, Madam, are you always infected, full and change, with this Distemper? Val. How has my reason erred, to hold converse with an irrational Being -- Dear, dear Philosophy, what immense pleasures dwell in thee! Enter Servant. Serve. Madam, John, has got the Fish you sent him in search of. Val. Is it alive? Serve. Yes, Madam. Val. Your Servant, your Servant, I would not lose the Experiment for any thing, but the tour of the new World. (Exit. Capt. Ha, ha, ha, is your Ladyship troubled with thief Vagaries too; is the whole House possessed? Lady. Not I, Captain, the speculative faculty is not my Talent; I am for the practick, can lissen all Day, to hear you talk of Fire, substantial Fire, Rear and Front, and Line of Battle -- admire a Seaman, hate the French,