I Love you, -- for I hate Disguise; your Temper being Adapted to mine, gave my (...) the First Impression; -- you know my Father's Positive, -- but do not believe he shall Force me to any Thing that does not Love Philosophy. Lovely. But that Sea Captain Valeria. Val. If he was a Whale he might give you Pain, for I should long to Dissect him; but as he is a Man, you have no Reason to Fear him. Lovely. Consent then to Fly with me. Val. What, and leave my Microscope, and all my Things, for my Father to break in Pleces? Sir Rich. Valeria, Valeria. [Within.] Val. Oh Heavens! Oh Heavens! he is coming up the Back-stairs. What-shall we do? Lovely. Humph, ha, cannot you put me in that Closet there? Val. Oh no, I have not the Key. Lovely. I Will run down the Great Stairs, let who will see me. [Going.] Val. Oh no, no, no, no, not for your Life; -- here, here, here, get under this Tub. Throws out some Fish in Have, and Turns the Tub over him. Sir, I Am here. Enter Sir Richard. Sir Richard. What, at your Whims -- and Whirligigs, ye Baggage? I Will out at Window with them. [Throwing away the Things.] Val. Oh Dear Father, save my Lumbricus Latus. Sir Rich. I Will Lamprey and Latum you; what is that I wonder? Ha? Where the Devil got you Names that your Father don't understand? Ha? [Treads upon them.] Val. Oh my poor Worm! Now have you destroyed a Thing, that, for ought I know, England cannot produce again. Sir Rich. What is it good for? Answer me that? -- What Is this Tub here for? Ha? [Kicks it.] Val. What shall I do now? -- it is, a it is a -- Oh Dear Sir! Don't touch the Tub, -- for there is a Bear's Young Cub that I have brought for Dissection, -- but I dare not tonch it till the Keeper comes. Sir Rich. I Will Cub you, and Keeper you, with a Vengeance to you; is my Money laid out in Bears Cubs? -- I Will drive out your Cub. -- Opens the Door, stands at a Distance off, and with his Cane, lifts up the Tub, Lovely rises. Lovely. Oh the Devil discovered, your Servant Sir. [Exit] Sir Rich. Oh! your Servant Sir -- What is this your Bear's Cub? Ha Mistress? His Tailor has licked him nto Shape I find. -- What did this Man do here? Ha Huswife? -- I doubt you have been studying Natural Philosophy with a Vengeance. Val. Indeed, Sir, he only brought me a strange Fish, and hearing your Voice I was afraid you should be Angry, and so that made me hide him. Sir. Rich. A Fish, -- it is the Flesh I fear; I Will have you Married to Night. -- I believe this Fellow was the Beggarly Ensign, who never Marched farther than