Estate, And only leave their Heirs the Walls to eat; These for a Supper many Hundreds pay, While those in Music tune their Wealth away. Thus different as our Faces are our Views; Yet each this Harlot Happiness pursues; This common Strumpet is by all adored, She Is Mistress to the Fiddler, and the Lord. ONE, whom her Charms unluckily delight, Courts her at Gaming-tables every Night: No matter what her saucy Favors cost, He will enjoy her till his Fortune's lost; Careless of what his Wife and Chidren do: Let Wife and Children starve, what is that to You? YOU may condemn our Gamesters, if you please: But is he more ridiculous than these, Who count their glittering Dirt essential Bliss? Umidius has no other Joy but this. For Gold he studies, strives, and toils, and sweats; For Gold he swears, and lies, and jobs, and cheats. Full fifty thousand Pounds he has in Store, And yet he covets fifty thousand more. No wild Profusion wastes his useless Hoard; No Soups, or French Ragous, adorn his Board: But, left such Diet should provoke his Lust, He dines, like Seneca, upon a Crust; And thinks the Turks Religion most divine, Because it has forbid them drinking Wine. ANOTHER, who Lucullus would excel In the luxurious Arts of eating well, Plump as a Swine of Epicurus looks, His God his Belly, and his Glory Cooks. So many Dishes on his Board appear, 'Twould surfeit you to read his Bill of Fare: And of one Dinner the Expense so large, Not Peter often could support the Charge. THE gay Adonis, of a different Mind, Counts Love the Summum Bonum of Mankind. Love is the great Employment of his Life, A Passion very pleasing to a Wife: But Wife he is determined to have none; For our penurious Laws allow but one. Of willing Nymphs he keeps a mighty Store; Not Solomon himself had many more: These are his Happiness, though Goats may be Much happier Animals, perhaps, than he. ACTEON rides the Fields with rapid Pace; He feels no Happiness, but in a Chase: To him the Genius of his Hounds is known, And Jowler's Nature, better than his own. Ask him if Jowler strives to starve her Young? He Will wonder at the Folly of your Tongue: Yet he, more cruel, wickedly inclines To starve the native Issue of his Loins. Go to thy Dogs, inhuman, thoughtless Elf! Their Ways consider, and be wise thyself. LORD Fickle, with his virtuous Lady vexed, Weds her one Day, and widows her the next: It Is hard to say the Pleasure of his Life; It Is plain, however, it is not in a Wife. BIBLUS, with thirsty Throat, and fiery Face, Has fixed his chiefest Pleasure in a Glass; Drinking and Dozing are his dear Delight; All Day he dozes, and he drinks all Night: His Wife and he alternate Watches keep; At Morning when she wakes, he falls asleep. FAR other Thoughts young