THE FASHIONABLE LOVER: Price 1 s. 6 d. THE FASHIONABLE LOVER; A COMEDY: As it is acted at the THEATER ROYAL IN DRURY LANE. LONDON: Printed for W. GRIFFIN, at GARRICK's HEAD, in Catharine-Street, Strand. MDCCLXXII. ADVERTISEMENT. I COMMIT this Comedy to the press with all possible gratitude to the Public for the reception it has met: I cannot flatter myself that the same applause will follow it to the closet; for as it owed much to an excellent representation, I have neither on this, nor any preceding occasion, considered myself otherwise than as a sharer only with the Managers and Performers, who have distinguished themselves in the exhibition of my trifling productions. But it is not on the score of spectacle only that I am obliged to Mr. Garrick; I am both in the instance of this Comedy, and in that of the West Indian, materially indebted to his judgment, and owe the good effect of many incidents in both to his suggestion and advice: the correction of a real critic is as different from that of a pretender, as the operation of a surgeon from the stab of an assassin. The Comedy, now submitted to the reader, is designed as an attempt upon his heart, and as such proceeds with little deviation from mine; if it should be thought therefore, that I have meant well, the charge of having executed indifferently I shall patiently submit to: I have on this occasion, (as on the two preceding ones) wholly rested my performance upon such poor abilities, as I am master of; I am not conscious of having drawn any particular assistance, either in respect of character or design, from the productions of others; although I am far from presuming to say or think, that I have ever exhibited any character purely original: The level manners of a polished country, like this, do not supply much matter for the comic muse, which delights in variety and extravagance; wherever therefore I have made any attempts at novelty, I have found myself obliged either to dive into the lower class of men, or betake myself to the out-skirts of the empire; the center is too equal and refined for such purposes. Whether the reception of this Comedy may be such, as shall encourage me to future efforts, is of small consequence to the public; but if it should chance to obtain some little credit with the candid part of mankind, and it is author for once escape without those personal and unworthy aspersions, which writers, who hide their own names, fling on them who publish their's, my success it may be hoped will draw forth others to the undertaking with far superior requisites; and that there are numbers under this description, whose sensibility keeps 'em silent, I am well persuaded when I consider how general it is for men of the finest parts, to be subject to the finest feelings; and I would submit whether this unhandsome practice of abuse, is not