Ministry and State, Determines both his Wisdom and his Fate. Wise Councils may a weaker Prince Restore, But none has these, but what were wise before. We agree with him, that the Fate of Prince and People depends upon the Choice of a Ministry, and that Wise Councils may support a Weak Prince, but must deny the Consequence, that none but a wise Prince can have a Wise Ministry, since he has owned in this very Paragraph, that a weak one may be restored by one that is Wise. Grave Casimir revolving and sedate, The Dyet's Marshal placed in Finsky's Seat, This Guides the Treasure, That directs the State. By Casamir he seems to hint at the L -- H -- T -- who he says placed Mr. S -- H -- y in the E -- of N -- m's Place, when we cannot but know those Offices of Trust, such as a Sec -- of S -- are wholly and solely in the Gift of the Crown. Augustus has found out the happy Two, That his abstracted Interest can pursue; Employ their abler heads t'assist his Crown, Regard His Interest and neglect their own: With Equal Zeal, in Poland's Safety join, May all that love Augustus thus Combine. That they are a Happy Two must be taken for granted since they are not only in the Prince's Favor and Peoples too, but we are not to inter from, but to say they neglect their own Interest out of Regard to the Queen's is an impardonable Absurdity, because the Interest of Queen and People are Inseparable. No Secret crime their Personal virtue stains, No Swedish Poisoned Blood Infects their Veins: Strangers to Avarice, they are well described With Hearts untainted, and with Hands unbrib'd. This is a Compliment they themselves will not allow of, for Sin is a Crime; and there is no Man, not the Arch-B -- p himself, without it; which is enough to infer from thence, that all Mankind in general are guilty of some secret Crime or other. The Polish Greatness is their true design, How long has Poland Mourned for two such Men! That count the Nation's Happiness their own, Retrieve our Credit, and support out Throne, Our Bankrupt Funds, and mortgaged Cash restore, And make us Rich by That which made us Poor. The Nation's Joy in their Advancement's seen, And growing Triumphs Crown the peaceful Reign! The want of Money makes all Men Poor; and if they can make us Rich by that Want which made us Poor, then all Contradictions whatsoever my be resolved by this Arcanum. Long may Augustus their just Cares enjoy, Till their true Measures all his ^ears destroy, Till all Livonian Plots in Embrio's lie, Abortive Treasons in Conception dye; Traitors surrender to unerring Low, And Swedish Troops from Polish Lands withdraw. A Universal Satisfaction shines, And coming Peace appears in their Designs. A flowing Cash will due Success secure; It Is this alone must end the