thrown in my way a girl, that quite eclipses your Miss Summers: come to me without loss of time, lest the bird should be on the wing." -- What shall I do? I have but little stomach to the business. Aubrey is my goddess, and it is downright heresy to follow any other. (Another Servant enters.) Serve. My Lord, a person without says he comes with a recommendation from Sir Harry Gamble. L. Abb. What sort of a person? Serve. A little ugly fellow; I believe he is a Jew. L. Abb. That Is right, I had forgot: my Jew is fairly jaded; Sir Harry's probably is better trained; so let me see him: who is in the antichamber? Serve. There are several persons waiting to speak with your Lordship; they have called a great many times. L. Abb. Ay, ay, they come for money, he alone comes with it; therefore conduct that little ugly fellow as you call him to my closet, and bid those other people call again. [Exit Servant.] Doctor, if any of my particulars are importunate to see me, don't let 'em interrupt me here; tell 'em I Am gone to Mrs. Mackintosh's; they will know the place, and my business in it. [Exit. Dr. Druid. They may guess that without the gift of divination truly: Ah! this passion is the prejudice of education! he may thank France and Italy for this: I would have carried him through Ingria, Esthonia, and Livonia; through Moldavia, Bessarabia, Bulgaria, Thrace; from the Gulf of Finland to the Streights of the Dardanelles. It Is a chance if he had seen a human creature in the whole course of his travels. TYRREL enters to him. Tyr. Doctor, forgive me this intrusion; where is Lord Abberville? his servants deny him to me, and I Have business with him of a pressing sort. Dr. Druid. Business indeed! Tyr. Yes, business, Sir: I beg you to inform me where to find him. Dr. Druid. I take it, Mr. Tyrrel, you are one of his particulars, therefore I tell you he is gone to Mrs. Macintosh's; a commodious sort of a pody, who follows one trade in her shop, and another in her parlour. Tyr. Yes, yes, I know her well, and know his business there. Dr. Druid. Pleasure is all his business; I take for granted he finds some gratification in his visits there. Tyr. Yes, the gratification of a devil, the pleasure of defacing beauty and despoiling innocence, of planting everlasting misery in the human heart for one licentious transitory joy: it is there he holds his riots, thither he is gone to repeat his triumphs over my unhappy Aubrey, and confirm her in her shame. Dr. Druid. Ay, I suppose Miss Aubrey is the reigning passion now. Tyr. Cursed be his passions, withered be his powers! Oh, Sir, she was an angel once: such was the graceful modesty of her deportment, it seemed as if the chastity, which now so many of