shave his Head, Not knowing he had long ago been Mad. By his Description, he should know Sir Thomas M -- rs no better than Mr. Br -- ly: But Madness is like the Yellow Jaundice; and those that are possessed with it, think every one they see of the same Complexion; otherwise he would never say, this worthy Knight was under that Predicament. The Old Buffoon, Debauched in early time, Boasts of his Vice, and Hugs himself in Crime: Lewdness has Forty Years forsook the Beast, And left his Vicious Body to its Age and Rest; But though the Active part of Vice is Dead, The Rampant Devil's Regnant in his Head, Hurries the Lewd Distempered Wretch along, With Vile Blasphemous Voice, and Baudy Tongue. If Leudness has forsook his Breast forty Years, then how can the Rampant Devil hurry the Lewd Distempered Wretch along still? for it is impossible for a Man not to be Wicked, and Wicked at the same time. Well might an Ancient Polish Bard Decree Jowler the Hound, a Wiser Beast than he: Meersky has always been the Dyets Jest, Laughs loudest at himself, to Please the rest; Betwixt the Extremes of Banter and of Rage, He made himself the Fool, the House the Stage, The Polish Merry Andrew, shifting Shapes Till he is the very Block Head which he Apes. I would not be thought to compare Mr. Dryden who is the Ancient Polish Bard here meant to Mr. Foe, on Account of his Poetical Performance; but for Ill Nature, the latter has such an Excess of it that he may be properly said to lose by the Character; though Mr. Dryden had his share too, and fell foul upon Sir Thomas on Account of a Personal Pique, which always carries more Malice than Truth in it. Wardsky, a Deputy of Northern Race, Weak in his Head, but very strong in Face; Assurance many Blessings may contain, And often times supplys the want of Brain; A Junior Tookite forward in the Cause, To Damn the Cossacks by unheard of Laws; A Scolding Clamouring Member, Vain and Loud, Noisy in Words, and not a little Proud His Polish fury ran before his Sense, Mighty in Wit, vast in Impertinence; The Hissing Diet Laughed, the Beau won on, Muttered a Curse or Two, and so sat down. How can Mr. W -- rd be mighty in Wit, and vast in Impertinence, at the same time, unless Mr Foe takes Wit and Impertinence for convertible Terms, as he did the Elements of Air and Water in one of his Reviews. Satyr, make room for Men of Polish Wit, Whose Zeal as well as Learning's too Polite; A Polish Tookite of Collegiate Fame, Hight Anneslesky, that is his Polish Name. Satyr may make Room for Mr. Annesly Member of Parliament for the University of Cambridge a^ long as it pleases for it, though I do not wonder a Person should have no good opinion for Colleges, that