Sago. He did not die? Buckle. No, Madam, but he fell asleep. Lady Revel. Oh Brave Prince Pretti^an. Omnes. Ha, ha, ha. Buckle. After Three Hours Nap he Waked -- and calling hastily -- my Dear Buckle, said he, let us to the End of the World; and try to sind a Place where the Sun Shines not here and there at one Time -- for it is not fit that it should at once look upon Two Persons whose Sentiments are so Different -- She no longer regards my Pain, Ungrateful, False, Inhumane, Barbarous Woman. Lady Revel. Foolish, Fond, Believing, Easy Man; there is my Answer -- Come, shall we to Piquet, my Dear? Buckle. Hold, hold, Madam, I have not half done -- Mrs. Sago. Oh! Pray my Dear Lady Reveller, let us have it out, it is very Diverting -- Buckle. He called me in a feeble Voice; Buckle, said he, bring me my little Serutore -- for I will write to Lady Reveller before I part from this Place, never to behold her more -- what, don't you Cry, Madam? Lady Revel. Cry -- No, no, go on, go on. Buckle. It Is done, Madam -- and there is the Letter. [Gives her a Letter.] Lady Revel. So, this Compleats the Narration. [Reads.] Madam, Since I cannot Live in a Place where there is a Possibility of seeing you without Admiring, I resolve to Fly; I am going for Flanders; since you are False I have no Business here -- I need not describe the Pain I feel, you are but too well Acquainted with that -- therefore I Will choose Death rather than Return. -- Adieu. Buckle. Can any Man in the World write more Tenderly, Madam? Does he not say it is Impossible to Love you, and go for Flanders? And that he would rather hear of your Death then Return. -- Lady Revel. Excellent, Ha, ha. Buckle. What, do you Laugh? Mrs. Sago. Who can forbear? Buckle. I think you ought to Die with Grief; I warrant Heaven will punish you all. [Going.] Mrs. Alp. But hearkee, Buckle, where are you going now? Buckle. To tell my Lord in what Manner your Lady received his Letter; Farewell -- now for Flanders. -- Mrs. Alp. A fair Wind, and a good Voyage to you. [As he goes out enter Lord Worthy.] Buckle. My Lord, here? So now may I have my Head Broke for my long Harangue if it comes out. Lady Revel. Oh! Miraculous -- my Lord, you have not finished your Campaign already, have you? Ha, ha, ha; or has the French made Peace at hearing of your Lordship's intended Bravery, and left you no Enemies to Combat? Lord. My worst of Foes are here -- here, within my Breast; your Image, Madam. Lady Revel. Oh Dear, my Lord, no more of that Theme, for Buckle has given us a Surfeit on it already -- even from your Breaking the Glasses of