alderman would be in the ruins of Herculaneum: every man after his own way, that is my maxim: you are for the paltry ore; I am for the pure gold; I dare be sworn now, you are as much at home amongst the snakes and serpents at Don Saltero's as I am with the Jews and jobbers at Jonathan's. Dr. Druid. Coot truth, Mr. Pridgemore, it is hard to say which collection is the most harmless of the two. MRS. BRIDGEMORE enters. I Am out of patience with you, Mr. Bridgemore, to see you stir no brisker in this business; with such a storm about your ears, you stand as idle as a Dutch sailor in a trade wind. Bridge. Truly, love, till you come in, I heard nothing of the storm. Mrs. Bridge. Recollect the misadventure of last night, the wickedness of that strumpet you have harbored in your house; that viper, which would never have had strength to sting, had not you warmed it in your bosom. Dr. Druid. Faith and truth now, I hav'nt heard better reasoning from an ooman this many a day; you shall know Mr. Pridgemore, the viperous species love warmth; their sting, look ye, is then more venomous; but draw their teeth, and they are harmless reptiles; the conjurors in Persia play a thousand fancies and fagaries with 'em. Bridge. But I Am no Persian, Doctor. Mrs. Bridge. No, nor conjuror neither; you would not else have been the dupe thus of a paltry girl. Dr. Druid. A girl, indeed! why all the European world are made the dupes of girls; the Asiatics are more wise; saving your presence now, I Have seen a Turkish Pacha or a Tartar Chan rule threescore, ay, three hundred wives, with infinite more ease and quiet, than you can manage one. Mrs. Bridge. Manage your butterflies, your bats and beetles, and leave the government of wives to those who have 'em: we stand on British ground as well as our husbands; Magna Charta is big enough for us both; our bill of divorce is a full match for their bill of rights at any time: we have our Commons, Doctor, as well as the men, and I believe our privileges are as well managed here at St. Paul's, as their's are yonder at St. Stephen's. Dr. Druid. Your privileges, Mrs. Pridgemore, are not to be disputed by any in this company; and if Miss is as well instructed in here is, I wish my Lord Abberville joy of his release; that is all. [exit. LUCINDA enters. What did the fellow say? who sent that old mummy hither? Bridge. He came upon a qualifying message from Lord Abberville, as I believe; but it is such an extravagant old blade, he got amongst the pyramids of Egypt, before he could well bring it out. Mrs. Bridge. I would he was there, and his pupil with him: don't you see what a condition our poor girl is thrown into? Luc.