Polish Rakes pursue, Their King instead of Cossacks to undo; Neglect the public Danger to the last, And make the Nation's real Fears, their Jest; Willing to leave us open to Surprise, Poland can have no greater Enemies. As for the Plot here hinted at, we may expect Discoveries of the Authors of it, from the Parliament of Scotland as soon as they shall fit; 'till then, perhaps, it may be out of his Power to know when to fix it: For it is an unquestionable Truth, That he that hides a thing, is the best able to find it again. Tococksi first, a forward Southern Pole, A Pollish'd Carcass, and a Burnished Soul; We cannot say he did the Silence break, For he did always little else but speak. How vain a thing's the empty Sound of Words Abstracted from the Meaning it affords. Long Speeches from his beated Spleen proceed, And Nature makes him talk, to ease his Head; The Hypocondriack Vapors upward fly, And form some Words of State and Policy; Bear with the Statesman, 'twas his Flux of Gall, For all Men know he never meant at all. By Tococksi, we are to understand Mr. T -- ke, a Gentleman desevedly the Envy of all ill Men, because he is the Glory of the Go^ and who may truly be said to be polished, and of shining Abiliti^ if any Gentleman in England deserves that Character: So that wh^ is inserted of him, is the very Reverse of his Demeanor; and (...) is so far from not thinking at all, that the Politeness, and Effica^ of what he speaks, intimates as much as if he thought always. He dooms the Cossacks to Tartarian Shades, Their Civil and Religious Rights invades. Demand no Reason, Satyr, that is supplied With Passion, Parties, Prejudice, and Pride; But if his wiser Arguments you would know, He heard 'twas Just, old Seymski told him so; That Learned Oracle supports the Cause, And Noisy Zeal supplies the want of Laws. Can a Dissenter be said to be doomed to Tartarian Shades, when it is endeavored that he may be rescued from finking downwards, through the great Weight of Hypocrisy? And is it not the highest Injustice to say, Mr. T -- ke inclines this Way, or that Way. as Sir Ed. S -- r directs him, when Sir Ed -- himself would think it no Disparagement to advise with him? The hot young Beau affects the Marshal's Chair, And hopes in time to rule the Diet there; Now he is the Party-Leader of the Day, Resolved to teach the Cossacks how to pray, Or from the Polish Church to drive 'em all away. To teach any one to pray after the true Form of Worship, is to deserve the Thanks of those that are instructed; and though he does not affect the Chair, I question whether there is one among his Enemieshas an equal Title to it. A Troop of Tackers at