Swedish War, For things are altered, Fighting's grown absurd, It Is now the Purse that Conquers, not the Sword. And he that can the Polish Wealth Advance, Strikes at the Root of Swedeland, and of France. There is no Happiness, that the Church of England wishes Her Majesty not Mistress of, who makes it Her continual Prayers, that not so much as the Talk of a Plot, Scotch or English, may be heard in Her Auspicious Reign; and that Money is the Nerves of War has been a received Truth, since Fighting is become Mercenary, no Man of any rational Faculties will so much as question. This Casimir has done, and This alone, Has changed so much of late the smiling Sense; These are the Agents of the Polish Peace, To these we freely own our Happiness; Firmly the willing Poles to these adhere, Love 'em with Joy, and Trust 'em without Fear. Fixtly the general Interest they pursue, With faithful Vigor public Business do, For This Beloved by Pole and Cossack too. We grant him, that the Noble P -- rs represented by the borrowed Name of Casimir, has done more than could be expected in a Treasury, that had been exhausted by Depreations in the late Reign: and while either of two worthy Patriots continue in their Posts, without giving us any Cause of Fear and Distrust, that they ought to be beloved by Poles and Cossacks too. The Conclusion. OF all the needful Helps to Sovereign Rule, The Usefull'st Thing in Poland is a Fool; Among the Utensils of Government, No Tool, like Him, supplies the grand Intent: When he is in close Cabal, and Council set, To turn the monstr'ous Windmill of the State, The huge, unweildy, tottering Fabric stands: Too Solid for his Head, too Heavy for his Hands: The Force Reverts, and with the swift Recoil, Assuming Statesmen perish in the Broil. So, Mischief like, the high returning Tide, Brings sure Destruction on it is Author's Head; As Engineers, that ill support their Mind; Sink in the Ruin of their own Design. If the usefullest Thing in Poland is a Fool, then a wise Man is a Fool, for wise Persons at the Helm of Government are the usefullest Things we can hope for. Poland, how strangely has thy Land been Blessed, By Fools Redeemed, when ever by Knaves Oppress: The Graver Blockheads of thy tottering State, Protect thy Fame, and help to make thee Great. For when they might thy Government o'erthrow, The harmless Things themselves alone undo. The untrain'd Politicians court their Fate, If Knaves were never Fools, they would soon blow up the State. That Is very strange indeed, to be redeemed by Fools, and almost as much as to say, when we were at the brink of Ruin, by a parcel of Knaves who shared the Administration in King James's Reign, the Fools interposed in our Behalf, and brought about the late R -- vol -- n. Here Men the