remember me, good Creature, that she never forgets. Well, indeed, Madam, she is the best natured Woman in the World; it grieves me to think what Sums she loses at Play. Lady. Oh fie, she must, a Citizen's Wife is not to be endured amongst Quality; had she not Money, 'twere impossible to receive her -- Alp. Nay, indeed, I must say that of you Women of Quality, if there is but Money enough, you stand not upon Birth or Reputation, in either Sex; if you did, so many Sharpers of Covent Garden, and Mistresles of St. James's, would not be daily admitted. Lady. Peace, Impertinence, you take strange Freedoms. [Enter Veleria running.] Why in such have Cousin Valeria. [Stopping her.] Val. Oh! dear Cousin, don't stop me, I shall lose the finest Infect for Desection, a huge Flesh Fly, which Mr. Lovely sent me just now, and opening the Box to try the Experiment away it flew. Lady. I am glad the poor Fly escaped; will you never be weary of these Whimsies? Val. Whimsies! natural Peilosophy a Whimsy! Oh, the unlearned World. Lady. Ridiculous Learning? Alp. Ridiculous, indeed, for Women; Philosophy Suits our Sex, as Jack Boots would do. Val. Custom would bring them as much in Fashion as Furbeloes, and Practice would make us as Valiant as e're a Hero of them all; the Resolution is in the Mind, -- Nothing can enslave that. Lady. My Stars! this Girl will be Mad, that is certain. (...) Mad^ so Nero Banished Philosophers from Rome, and the first Discoverer of the Antipodes was Condemned for a Heretic. Lady. In my Conscience, Alpiew, this pretty Creature's spoiled. Well, Cousin, might I Advise, you should bestow your Fortune in Founding a College for the Study of Philosophy, where none but Women should be admitted, and to Immortalize your Name, they should be called Vale^^ans, ha, ha, ha. Val. What you make a Jest of, Id'e Execute, were Fortune in my Power. Alp. All Men would not be Excluded, the handsome Ensign, Madam. Lady. In Love? Nay, there is no Philosophy against Love, Solon for that. Val. Pisha, no more of this Triffling Subject; Cousin, will you believe there is any thing without Gaul? Lady. I am satisfied I have one, when I lose at Play, or see a Lady Addressed when I am by, and it is equal to me, whether the rest of the Creation have or not. Val. Well, but I Will convince you then, I have dissected my Dove -- and positively I think the Vulgar Notion true, for I could find none. Lady. Oh, Barbarous; killed your pretty Dove! [Starting. Val. Killed it! Why, what did you Imagine I bred it up for? Can Animals, Insects or Reptils, be put to a Nobler use, than to improve our Knowledge? Cousin, I Will give you this Jewel for your Italian Greyhound. Lady. What, to Cut to Pieces? Oh, horrid! he had need be a Soldier that ventures on