the Great Man, whom he vilifies to the lowest Degree is False, so are the Terms he makes use of, to bring his Designs about by. To him Augustus gave the Polish Seal, And made him Grieffier to the Commonweal. They that could not his License first obtain, Might not go out of Poland or come in; The Public Safety was the just Pretense To keep the Sweeds from true Intelligence; But the more Genuine Reason was the Pence. For in his time the Sweeds themselves obtained His Blanks to pass their Spies to Polish Land. Grieffier of Poland, is likewise a Title in no wise belonging to the Court he applys it to; and the Public has been so well satisfied about the pretended Proofs of the Wretch Fuller's Affidavity of his Lordships giving Passes to the French Discontented Natives of England, that it looks Ridiculous in one that lays any Claim to sense, to incline toward the very thought of it. The slow unsteady Mannager appears Too hot for Peace, too cold for Polish Wars; While charmed with Foreign Margueretta's Song, His sleeping Orders he delays too long Whole Fleets attend the Minstrels softer Notes, By her the Statesman steers, the Member votes. Well might the Siren be Compared to him That doz'd old Nature with his Touch Sublime. The lofty Cedars danced his softer Airs, And lofty Stupid Statesmen bow to hers. Mr. Foe sure is acquainted with the Hermet in the Fable, that Blows Hot and Cold with the same Breath, or else how could he make his Slow Manager (which By the By is not to be Hot) too Hot for Peace, and too Cold for War. The Wi^est of Men will have their Intervals of Diversion, and it looks as well in one Statesman, nay better, since the Fabric of the Universe is Governed by Harmony, to pass away his less Important Hours with Music, than for another to spend whole Weeks with Horse Racing at New Market. Besides, let him consider who was Secretary of State, when the Ships at Vigo were Taken and Destroy^, the Town's in Flanders Surrendered, and the March to the Danube concerted, and he must Condemn himself for Blami^ng his L -- p's dispatch of the Public Business. Of all the Polish grave Nobility, None acts so low that ever was born so high; So fond of Liberty, he never endured The Name of Slave, no not to his own Word. This Paragraph, is the Product of a Complaint that this Incendiary vents in all Companies, about his L -- p's not keeping his Word with him, when in Newgate; At the same time, that he is Conscious to himself, he performed not the Conditions for which the Promise was made of his coming to do no Damage. Augustus saw, and soon mislik'd the Man, And found him to the Swedish Cause incline; With easiy Skill he read his well-known Fate, A useless, unregarded Tool of State. What