Every Man in his Own Way. AN EPISTLE TO A FRIEND. By STEPHEN DUCK. LONDON: Printed for J. ROBERTS, in Warwick Lane; and R. DODSLEY, in Pall Mall. M.DCC.XLI. [Price 1 s. Every Man in his Own Way. AN EPISTLE TO A FRIEND. 'T WERE well, my Laelius, if I could pursue, That prudent Counsel which I had from You: To quit the Muse before her Spirits sink, Forsake my Rhymes, and wash my Hands of Ink. But, spite of all the Precepts You impart, This Itch of Scribbling Parody of a Line in a late Poem. clings about my Heart. It Is a Disease above the Doctor's Skill, Too stubborn to be cured with Drop or Pill. AND yet, believe me, I have often tried To take your favorite Maxim for my Guide. Nil admirari dwells upon your Tongue: So Horace sings, and I approve his Song. But like Medea, frantic in her Love, I cannot practice what I thus approve. Too fond of Verse, I waste my precious Time In Sounds, and Similies, and worthless Rhyme; Mad as the Priest, who, in poetic Rage, With Floods of Nonsense deluges the Stage: What though you damn one Offspring of his Brain? Prolific Dullness quickly spawns again: This Monster crushed, another strait appears, Head after Head the sprouting Hydra rears; Despising all the Censures of the Town, And every Person's Judgment, but his own; For though pronounced a Fool by all the Pit, He impudently thinks himself a Wit. A SOBER Countryman, as Stories say, Would visit Bedlam on a certain Day; Where, as he pitied a poor Wretch's Case, The merry Madman laughed him in the Face, And cried, Alas! your Judgment's very bad, Believe me, it is not I, but You, are mad! Mankind are run distracted every where, All but a few, who keep their Senses Here. You see our Madman, though prodigious ill, Was happy in his own Opinion still. NOR lives a Wretch, so wretched in the Town, But has some darling Pleasure of his own, Which he calls Happiness. It Is my Delight, My Pleasure, and my Happiness, to write; For Happiness we various Ways explore; Some think it placed in Wealth, and some in Power; Others believe in Luxury it lies, In Women some, and some in Butterflies. All other Gifts of Fortune are confined, But Pleasure's free, and common as the Wind: The Cobbler feels it often as the Peer; One's drowned in Politics, and one in Beer: One's pleased with Honors, one with being drunk, This fondly courts a Ribband, that a Punk. THERE are who fix their Pleasure in a Race, Whose Acres lessen, as their Steeds increase; Some place their Joys in ancient Coins, and some Admire the curious Busts of Greece and Rome: Others in Painting all their Fortune waste, While dunning Tradesmen curse their lavish Taste. So much they honor the illustrious Dead, They wrong the Living of their daily Bread. In Building some consume a vast