Cossacks Blood prescribes. If Dr. Stanhope, in his Sermon upon the 30th of January at St. Margaret's Church, applied the sparing the Amalekite to the Subject of that Day, it was applicable enough; for the Remissness of King Charles the second in not taking off all the Regicides, has been the chief Cause of our homebred civil Dissentions ever since: And if he talked Greek, it is more than the Learned Mr. Foe can do, the want of which Tongue, makes him exasperated against all that use it. Satyr, thy just Regret with Force restrain, With Temper W^ite, although thou Think with Pain. When once the Pulpit-Plague Infects the Land, And Sermon-Readers get the upper-hand, The Nation's ruined, all the Town's undone, And Tongue-pad Evils, through the Vitals run; Reason submits its captivated Head, And raging Nonsense governs in its stead. In vain our banished Liberties we seek, Wisemen are bound to hear, when Coxcombs speak; Reason pays Homage to Impertinence, And Noise obtains the Victory from Sense; The Clamouring Priest, Dogmatick, Proud and Dull, Assumes Dictating Right, and calls his Master Fool. How he could Unchurch the Nation by preaching in Defense of the National Church, I cannot imagine; neither is it in my Power to know he could perjure Augustus; for Persons guilty of a Breach of an Oath, in my humble Opinion, must perjure themselves. As for his Reflection upon the Priesthood in general, he acts contrary to their Precepts, and consequently is not to be expected to speak well of them; and if he himself thinks with Pain, then some body does so as well as my Lord of N -- m; a great Condescension truly for our Author to accept of the Character he has bestowed upon that worthy P -- r. Well, but he has Reason to think with Pain; the Church of England Clergy are Sermon-Readers, they don't Preach and Pray extempore, like Dissenters, because they think before they speak; which Premeditation of theirs makes Reason submit, and raging Nonsense govern in its stead. Most exquisite Logic! But if the Pulpit now began to Fire, The Press, the Pulpits Echo, push it higher. Bold Sachareski, in a Polish Rage, Would all the Poles in Civil Blood engage; Prints his exasperated fiery Zeal, And Damns the Crown, for fear of the Common Weal. By Sachareski, it will not be amiss to read Mr. Sacheverel, Fellow of Magdalen College, a Gentleman whose Accomplishments and Zeal render him as well an Honor to the Church and University, as an Otnament to the College he belongs to; and as Loyal to the Queen, as he is faithful to his Country. And two Extremes, one Mischief may prevent. This Fury made the Polish Lords relent, And Senators, their first Resolves repent. How can Moderation be censured for an Extreme? for that is a Virtue that is inseparable from the Church of England; and if some L -- s and Gentlemen were not so hearty as was expected for