my Country; thou Dear Playhouse, and sweet Park, Farewell. Lady Revel. Farewell, why, whither are you going? Buckle. My Lord and I am going where they never knew Deceit. Sir James. That Land is Invisible, Buckle. Lady Revet. Ha, ha, ha. Sir James. Were my Lord of my Mind your Ladyship should not have had so large a Theme for your Mirth. Your Servant Ladies. [Exit.] Lady Revel. Well, but what is your Business? Buckle. My Lord charged me in his Name to take his Everlasting Leave of your Ladyship. Lady Revel. Why, where is he a going pray? Buckle. In search of a Country where there is no Women. Mrs. Sago. Oh dear, why what have the Women done to him pray? Buckle. Done to him, Madam? He says they are Proud, Perfidious, Vain, Inconstant, Coquets in England. Mrs. Sago. Oh! He Will find they are everywhere the same. Lady Revel. And this is the Cause of his Whimsical Pilgrimage? Ha, ha. Buckle. And this proceeds from your ill Usage, Madam; when he left your House, -- he flung himself into his Coach with such a Force, that he broke all the Windows, -- as they say, -- for my Part I was not there; -- when he came Home he beat all his Servants round to be Revenged. Alp. Was you there, Buckle? Buckle. No, I thank my Stars, when I arrived the Expedition was over; -- in Haste he Mounted his Chamber, -- flung himself upon his Bed, -- Bursting out into a Violent Passion, -- Oh that ever I should suffer my self to be imposed upon, said he, by this Coquetish Beauty! Lady Revel. Meaning me, Buckle, Ha, ha? Buckle. Stay till I have finished the Piece, Madam, and your Ladyship shall judge; -- she is as Fickle as she is Fair, -- she does not use more Art to Gain a Lover, said he, than to deceive him when he is fixed. -- Humph. [Learing at her.] Lady Revel. Pleasant -- and does he call this taking Leave? Mrs. Sago. A Comical Adieu. Buckle. Oh, Madam, I Am not come to the Tragical Part of it yet, starting from his Bed. -- Lady Revel. I thought it had been all Farce, -- if there be any Thing Heroic in it I Will set my Face and look Grave. Buckle. My Relation will require it, Madam, for I am ready to weep at the Repetition: Had you but seen how often he Travast the Room, [Acting it] heard how often he stamped, what distorted Faces he made, casting up his Eyesthu^, Biting his Thumbs thus. Lady Revel. Ha, ha, ha, you will make an Admirable Actor, -- shall I speak to the Patentees for you? Mrs. Sago. But pray how did this end? Buckle. At last, Madam, quite spent with Rage, he sunk down upon his Elbow, and his Head fell upon his Arm. Lady Revel. What, did he faint away? Buckle. Oh, no. Mrs.