I love you as much, and will possess. Lady Revel. Oh! hold -- Kill me rather than destroy my Honor -- what Devil has Debauched your Temper? Or how has my Carriage drawn this Curse upon me? What have I done to give you cause to think you ever should succeed this hated Way. [Weeps.] Sir James. Why this Question, Madam? Can a Lady that loves Play so passionately as you do -- that takes as much Pains to draw Men in to lose their Money, as a Town Miss to their Destruction -- that Caresses all Sorts of People for your Interest, that divides your time between your Toylet and the Basset-Table; (can you, I say, boast of Innate Virtue? -- Fie, fie, I am sure you must have guessed for what I Played so Deep -- we never part with our Money without Design -- or writing Fool upon our Foreheads; -- therefore no more of this Resistance, except you would have more Money. Lady Revel. Oh! horrid. Sir James. There was Fifty Guineas in that Purse, Madam -- here is Fifty more; Money shall be no Dispute. [Offers her Money.] Lady Revel. [Strikes it Down.] Perish your Money with your self -- you Villain -- there, there; take your boasted Favors, which I resolved before to have Repaid in Specie; Basest of Men I Will have your Life for this Affront -- what ho, within there. Sir James. Hush -- Faith, you will Raise the House. [Lays hold on her.] And it is in Vain -- you are mine; nor will I quit this Room till I Am Possessed. [Struggles.] Lady Revel. Raise the House, I Will raise the World in my Defense, help, Murder, Murder, -- a Rape, a Rape -- Enter Lord Worthy from another Room with his Sword Drawn. Lord. Ha! Villain, unhand the Lady -- or this Moment is thy last. Sir James. Villain, Back my Lord -- follow me. [Exit.] Lady Revel. By the Bright Sun that Shines you shall not go -- no, you have saved my Virtue, and I will preserve your Life -- let the vile Wretch be punished by viler Hands -- yours shall not be Prophan^d with Blood so Base, if I have any Power -- Lord. Shall the Traitor Live? -- Though your Barbarous Usage does not Merit this from me, yet in Consideration that I Loved you once -- I will Chastise his Insolence. Lady Revel. Once -- Oh! say not once; do you not Love me still? Oh! how pure your Soul appears to me above that Detested Wretch. [Weeps.] Sir James. [Peeping.] It takes as I could Wish -- Lord. Yet how have I been slighted, every Fop preferred to me? -- Now you Discover what Inconveniency your Gaming has brought you into -- this from me would have been unpardonable Advice -- now you have proved it at your own Expense. Lady Revel. I have, and hate my self for all my