Folly -- Oh! forgive me -- and if still you think me Worthy of your Heart -- I here Return you Mine -- and will this Hour Sign it with my Hand. Sir James. How I Applaud my self for this Contrivance. Lord. Oh! the Transporting Joy, it is the only Happiness I Covet here. Haste then my Charmer, haste the longed-for Bliss. The only Happy Minutes of my Life is this. [Exit.] Sir James. Ha, ha, ha, ha, how am I Censured now for doing this Lady a iece of Service, in forcing that upon her, which only her Vanity and Pride Restrained. So Blushing Maids refuse the Courtd Joy, Though wishing Eyes -- and pressing Hands Comply, Till by some Stratagem the Lover Gains, What she denied to all his Amorous Pains. As Sir James is going off, enter Lady Lucy meeting him. Sir James. Ha, Lady Lucy! -- Having Succeeded for my Friend, who knows but this may be my Lucky Minute too? -- Madam, you come Opportunely to hear. [Takes her by the Hand.] Lady Lucy. Stand off Basest of Men, I have heard too much; coud'st thou Choose no House but this to Act thy Villainies in? And cou'd'st thou fairly offer Vows to me, when thy Heart, Poisoned with vicious Thoughts, harbored this Designs against my Family? Sir James. Very fine, Faith, this is like to be my Lucky Minute with a Witness; but Madam -- Lady Lucy. Offer not at Excuses, it is height of Impudence to look me in the Face. Sir James. Egad she Loves me -- Oh! Happy Rogue -- this Concern can proceed from nothing else. [Aside.] Lady Lucy. My Heart till now unused to Passion swells with this Affront, would Reproach thee -- would Reproach my self, for having Harbored one favorable Thought of thee. Sir James. Why did you, Madam? -- Egad I owe more to her Anger than ever I did to her Morals. Lady Lucy. Ha! What have I said? Sir James. The only kind Word you ever uttered. Lady Lucy. Yes, Imposture, know to thy Confusion that I did love the, and fancied I Discovered some Seeds of Virtue amongst that Heap of Wickedness; but this last Action has betrayed the Fond Mistake, and showed thou art all over Feigned. Sir James. Give me leave, Madam -- Lady Lucy. Think not this Confession meant to advance thy Impious Love, but hear my Final Resolution. Sir James. Egad I must hear it -- I find for there is no stopping her. Lady Lucy. From this Moment I Will never -- Sir James. (Clapping his and before Her Mouth.) Nay, nay, nay, after Sentence no Criminal is allowed to Plead; therefore I will be heard -- not Guilty, not Guilty. Madam, by -- if I don't prove that this is all a Stratagem, Contrived, Studied, Designed, Prosecuted, and put in Execution, to reclaim your Cousin, and give my Lord Possession -- may you Finish your Curse,